THE

STATUTES AT LARGE

From the Twentieth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the SECOND

To the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the SECOND.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE of the TITLES of all the Public and Private

Statutes during that Time.

VOLUME the SEVENTH.

LONDON:

Printed for Mark Basket, Printer to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, and by the Assigns of Robert Basket;

And by Henry Woodfall and William Strahan, Law Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty.

MDCCLXIV.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes.

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS from the Twentieth Year of the Reign of George II. to the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of George II.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 20 Georgii II.

1. AN Act for the further continuing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven.

3. An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of four Millions four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties.

4. An Act to continue, explain and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

5. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven.

6. An Act to continue and make more effectual two acts of parliament; one passed in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways between the Bear Inn in Reading and Puntfield in the county of Berks; and for amending other roads in the last act mentioned.

7. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for repairing the roads leading from the western part of the parish of Shenfield, to Harwich, in the county of Essex, and the road leading from Chelmsford in the said county, to Sudbury in the county of Suffolk; and from Margretting to Malden in the county of Essex, and from Colchester to Langham in the same county; and for repairing other roads adjoining to the same roads.

8. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing, widening, and amending the road leading from Warrington to Wigan in the county of Lancaster; and also for amending and repairing the road leading from a place called Earl's Kill, in Warrington aforesaid, to the toll-bars in Wallgate, in Wigan aforesaid.

9. An Act for repairing the high road leading from the north end of the Cow Cawsey, near the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton Burn, in the county of Northumberland.

10. An Act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned; and for raising the sum of one million, by way of lottery, to be charged upon the said rates and duties.

11. An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

12. An Act for repairing the high road leading from the city of Durham, in the county of Durham, to Tyne Bridge in the said county.

13. An Act for repairing the road from Sunderland near the Sea, to the city of Durham, in the county of Durham.

14. An Act for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the haven of Southwould in the county of Suffolk.

15. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the publick conduits, and other water-works, belonging to the town of Southampton.

16. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by several acts of parliament passed for repairing the highways between Wymondham and Attleborough, and from Wymondham to Hetherset, and from the mouth of Wigmore Lane to Hall Walk Gate in Attleborough, in the county of Norfolk; and for amending the other roads adjoining to the highways directed to be repaired by the said former acts, and making the said acts more effectual.

17. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by two acts of parliament, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots upon every pint of ale and beer brewed and vended within the town of Dundee, and the liberties and suburbs thereof, for the purposes in the said acts and the present act mentioned.

18. An Act for the better preservation and improvement of the river Wear, and port and haven of Sunderland, in the county of Durham.

19. An Act for the better adjusting and more easy recovery of the wages of certain servants; and for the better regulations of such servants, and of certain apprentices.

20. An Act for relief of such of his Majesty's loyal subjects, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, whose title deeds and writings were destroyed or carried off by the rebels, in the late rebellion.

21. An Act for holding the summer assizes, and sessions of the peace, for the county of Norfolk, in the city and county of Norwich, until a new shire house can be built for the said county of Norfolk; and for building a new shire house on the castle hill in the same county; and for raising money on the said county for that purpose.

22. An Act for building a bridge cross the river Thames, from the parish of Walton upon Thames in the county of Surrey, to Shepperton in the county of Middlesex.

23. An Act for repairing the road leading from Cirencester in the county of Gloucester, to Birdlip's Hill in the said county.

24. An Act for the better securing the payment of shares of prizes taken from the enemy, to the royal hospital at Greenwich; and for preventing the embezzlement of goods and stores belonging to the said hospital.

25. An Act for repairing the high road leading from the town of Stockton upon Tees, to Darlington, and from thence through Winston to Barnard Castle, in the same county.

26. An Act for reviving and continuing an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for laying a duty of two penny Scots, or one sixth part of a penny Sterling, upon every Scots pint of beer or ale vended or sold within the town of Brunt-island, and liberties thereof, for increasing the publick revenue of the said town, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

27. An Act for founding and building a chapel in Wednesfield, in the parish of Wolverhampton, in the county of Stafford.

28. An Act for repairing the road leading from Catherick Bridge, in the county of York, to Yarm in the said county; and from thence to Stockton in the county of Durham; and from thence through Sedgefield, in the said county of Durham, to the city of Durham.

29. An Act to confirm an agreement made by the rector and vestry-men of the parish of Saint James, within the liberty of Westminster, for enlarging the churchyard of the said parish; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

30. An Act for allowing persons impeached of high treason, whereby any corruption of blood may be made, or for misprision of such treason, to make their full defence by council.

31. An Act for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers granted by an act passed in the twelfth year or his late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for repairing and widening the roads from the city of Gloucester to the city of Hereford; and for repairing other roads in the county of Gloucester.

32. An Act for uniting the two colleges of Saint Salvator and Saint Leonard, in the university of Saint Andrews, pursuant to an agreement for that purpose.

33. An Act to enable the parishioners of the parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, in the city of London and county of Middlesex, to purchase a convenient piece of ground, for an additional burying-ground, for the use of the said parish; and to enable the said parishioners to raise such sum and sums of money, as shall be necessary for that purpose.

34. An Act to enable his Majesty to allow to the residuary legatees of Sir Joseph Jekyll knight, late master of the rolls, deceased, part of the legacy given by his will to the use of the Sinking fund.

35. An Act to indemnify persons who have omitted to register their letters of attorney, appointing them agents for prizes, within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for that purpose.

36. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the Sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further sum of money for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for applying a certain sum of money, for defraying the charge of the allowances to several officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horse guards, and three regiments of horse, lately reduced, for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and for continuing the bounties on the exportation of British and Irish coarse linens.

37. An Act for the case of sheriffs with regard to the return of process.

38. An Act for the relief and support of maimed and disabled seamen, and the widows and children of such as shall be killed, slain, or drowned, in the merchants service.

39. An Act for granting a duty to his Majesty to be paid by distillers, upon licences taken out by them for retailing spirituous liquors.

40. An Act to revive, continue, and amend an act made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the several rivers emptying themselves at the said town; and also for preserving ships wintering in the said haven, from accidents by fire.

41. An Act for vesting in his Majesty the estates of certain traitors, and for more effectually discovering the same, and applying the produce thereof to the use of his Majesty, and for ascertaining and satisfying the lawful debts and claims thereupon.

42. An Act to enforce the execution of an act of this session of parliament, for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights.

43. An Act for taking away and abolishing the heretable jurisdictions in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for making satisfaction to the proprietors thereof; and for restoring such jurisdictions to the crown; and for making more effectual provision for the administration of justice throughout that part of the united kingdom, by the King’s courts and judges there; and for obliging all persons acting as procurators, writers, or agents in the law in Scotland to take the oaths; and for rendering the union of the two kingdoms more complete.

44. An Act to extend the provisions of an act made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for naturalizing such foreign protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle in any of his Majesty's colonies in America, to other foreign protestants who conscientiously scruple the taking of an oath.

45. An Act to continue several laws relating to the manufactures of sail-cloth and silk; to give further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contracts of clerks and apprentices, and for better securing the payment of the said duties; and declaring that prize ships lawfully condemned shall be deemed British built ships; and for allowing prize goods to be landed and secured in proper ware-houses, without payment of any duty, until it can be determined whether they are fit for exportation or home consumption.

46. An Act to prevent the return of such rebels and traitors concerned in the late rebellion, as have been, or shall be pardoned on condition of transportation; and also to hinder their going into the enemies country.

47. An Act to continue several laws for prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written and printed in Great Britain; for preventing exactions of the occupiers of locks and wears upon the river of Thames westward, and for ascertaining the rates of water carriage upon the said river; and for better securing the lawful trade of his Majesty's subjects to and from the East Indies; and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's subjects, trading thither under foreign commissions; and relating to rice, to frauds in the customs, to the clandestine running of goods, and to copper ore of the British plantations; and for the free importation of cochineal and indico; and for punishment of persons destroying turnpikes, or locks or other works erected by authority of parliament.

48. An Act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and promotions within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.

49. An Act for declaring valid such acts as have been done by Thomas Paulin, as one of the principal land coal-meters of the city and liberty of Westminster, between the twenty ninth day of September last and the eighth day of November following.

50. An Act for taking away the tenure of ward holding in Scotland, and for converting the same into blanch and feu holdings; and for regulating the casualty of non-entry in, certain cases; and for taking away the casualties of single and life-rent escheats, incurrred there by horning and denunciation for civil causes; and for giving to heirs and successors there a summary process against superiors; and for discharging the attendance of vassals at head courts there; and for ascertaining the services of tenants there; and for allowing heirs of tailzie there to sell lands to the crown for erecting buildings, and making settlements in the highlands.

51. An Act to enlarge the time limited by an act of the last session of parliament for restraining the use of the highland dress, and to enable heirs of tailzie, guardians, tutors, curators, and trustees in Scotland to sell lands to the crown.

52. An Act for the King’s most gracious, general, and free pardon.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 20 Georgii II.

1. AN Act to enable Richard Waynhouse, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Emmott, and no other, pursuant to the Will of Christopher Emmot esquire, deceased.

2. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Harry Earl of Stamford, in order to discharge several Incumbrances affecting the same.

3. An Act for settling the Estates of Thomas Earl of Leicester, and Edward Coke Esquire, commonly called Lord Coke, his only Son, in the County of Norfolk, on the Marriage of the said Edward Lord Coke with the Lady Mary Campbell, one of the Daughters of John late Duke of Argyll, deceased.

4. An Act for settling the Estates of William Lord Byron and Elizabeth Shaw Spinster, an Infant, on their Intermarriage.

5. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Parkyns Baronet, and Jane Parkyns (with the Consent of their Guardians and Trustees) to make a Conveyance by way of Settlement, on their Intermarriage, notwithstanding their Minority.

6. An Act for raising Money by Leasing or Sale of the Estates late of Thomas Taylor Esquire the Father, and Thomas Taylor Esquire the Son, deceased, to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same, and for making a Partition of such Estates, or so much thereof as shall not be sold for the Purposes aforesaid.

7. An Act to enable Lillie Smith, and his Heirs by Valentina his Wife (formerly Valentina Anscombe) to take and use the Surname of Anscombe, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Anscombe Esquire, deceased.

8. An Act to enable Edmund Garforth, formerly called Edmund Dring, and his Heirs, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of Garforth.

9. An Act to confirm a Decree of the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster, concerning certain Marsh Lands, called Sutton Marsh, in the County of Lincoln, and a Conveyance from Lascells Metcalfe Esquire, of the same to the Corporation of the President and Governors of the Hospital founded at the sole Costs and Charges of Thomas Guy Esquire.

10. An Act for the Sale of the Rectory of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, London, the Estate of Thomas Kynaston Clerk, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, and for purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of the said Settlement.

11. An Act for vesting the Estates of Doctor Simon Burton deceased, in the Counties of Wilts and Southampton, in Trustees, to raise Money for the Payment of several Debts and Incumbrances, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

12. An Act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement between the Heirs at Law and Devisees of Joceline late Earl of Leicester, deceased, for the Settlement and Disposition of the Real Estate of the said Earl, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

13. An Act for raising Money out of the settled Estates of Richard Oakeley Esquire, in the Counties of Salop and Oxford, for the Payment of several Debts and Incumbrances, and for providing a Recompense for the same, in such Manner as is therein mentioned.

14. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Henry Talbot Esquire, in the County of Warwick, in him, in Fee Simple, discharged of the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, upon his settling other Lands, of greater Value, to the same Uses.

15. An Act for Sale of the Estates of William Moore Esquire, in the Counties of Sussex, Surrey, and Stafford, for Payment of Debts and Legacies.

16. An Act to impower Anne Colemore Widow, and her Assigns, during the Life of Thomas Colemore Merchant, to make Building Leases of Lands in and near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

17. An Act to enable the Guardian of Elizabeth Sambrooke and Diana Sambrooke, Infants, to join with Mary Sambrooke their Sister in making Building Leases of divers Houses and Tenements in the County of Middlesex.

18. An Act to impower the Guardians of William Mitchell, and other Infants, to make Leases of their Estates in the several Counties of Huntingdon, Surrey, Middlesex, Cambridge, Leicester, Kent, Somerset, and Norfolk, during their Minorities.

19. An Act for making a Settlement of the Real and Personal Estate of Thomas Garrard Esquire, deceased, pursuant to his Intention declared in his Life-time, and at the Desire, and with the Consent of his six Sons.

20. An Act for vesting several Estates of Thomas Rolt Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for raising Money, to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same, and other Debts; and for securing an Equivalent, in respect of the settled Part of such Estates, for the Benefit or his Wife and Infant Son; and for the providing Portions for his Daughters, and for other Purposes.

21. An Act for Sale of the Real Estate of Richard Powys Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and Daughters Portions, and for other Purposes therein expressed.

22. An Act for Sale of certain Estates in Tewin and Datchworth, in the County of Hertford, belonging to Jane, Anne, Mary, and Susanna Awdrey, Kemeys, Infants, pursuant to an Agreement entered into by their Trustees for that Purpose.

23. An Act for Sale of the settled and other Estate of John Curtis, in the County of Norfolk, and applying Part of the Money arising thereby in Payment of Legacies and Debts, and applying other Part of such Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for vesting the capital Messuage, called Great Frogmore, with the Lands and Grounds thereunto belonging, devised by the Will of Mary, late Dutchess of Northumberland, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An Act for Sale of certain Estates in the Counties of Hereford, Monmouth, and Gloucester, of Robert Gwillym Esquire, and Robert Gwillym his son, for discharging incumbrances affecting the same, and for settling, in lieu thereof, other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Lancaster, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act for vesting a Farm and Lands in Callumpton, in the County of Devon, late the Estate of Robert Drew Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, in order to convey the same to Henry Cruwys Gentleman, pursuant to an Agreement with Mary Drew Widow, and for discharging a Mortgage on the said Estate.

27. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Edward Masters deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

28. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Corbyn Morris Esquire, with Elizabeth Fanshawe his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

29. An Act to impower Mary Stillington Widow, to execute a Power vested in Joseph Stillington Esquire, her late Husband, deceased, for raising Money to complete the Inclosure of the Common Fields and Common Grounds in the Manor of Kelfield, in the County of York.

30. An Act to enable Thomas Bushell Esquire, and his Descendants, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Fettiplace.

31. An Act for Naturalizing Mark Liotard, Henry Uhthoff, and John David Ziegell.

32. An Act for Naturalizing Albert Vandenvelde Merchant.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 21 Georgii II.

1. AN Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight.

2. An Act for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy and for repealing so much of an Act made in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as enacts, That Prize Goods and Merchandize may be exported without paying any Duty of Custom or Excise for the same.

3. An Act to revive and make perpetual two Acts of Parliament; one made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and the other made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said Act.

4. An Act to prohibit Assurance on Ships belonging to France, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden thereon, during the present War with France.

5. An Act for repairing the high road from the town of Bowes in the county of York, to Barnard Castle in the county of Durham, and from thence through Staindrop to Newgate in Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate along Gibb Chair to Gaundless Bridge, and from thence by Melderston Gill, otherwise Coundon Gill, to the turnpike road near Sunderland Bridge, in the county of Durham.

6. An Act to punish mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

7. An Act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty eight.

8. An Act for impowering George Montgomerie, and Thomas Byrd, esquires, and Ezra Patching, to complete an undertaking, for furnishing the inhabitants of the several parishes and places of Stratford, Westham, Bow, Bromley, Mile-end, Stepney, and other parishes and places adjacent, with water; and for better securing their property in such undertaking.

9. An Act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.

10. An Act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the execution of an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and for raising the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties.

11. An Act for further regulating the proceedings upon courts-martial in the sea service; and for extending the discipline of the navy to the crews of his Majesty's ships, wrecked, lost, or taken; and for continuing to them their wages upon certain conditions.

12. An Act for holding the summer assizes for the county of Buckingham at the county town of Buckingham.

13. An Act to rectify a mistake in an act made this session of parliament, intituled An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

14. An Act for permitting tea to be exported to Ireland, and his Majesty's plantations in America, without paying the inland duties charged thereupon by an act of the eighteenth year of his present Majesty's reign; and for enlarging the time for some of the payments to be made on the subscription of six millions three hundred thousand pounds, by virtue of an act of this session of parliament.

15. An Act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by an act passed in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from the town of Manchester, leading through Newton, Failsworth, and Oldham, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to Austerlands, in the parish of Saddleworth, in the county of York; and for making the same more effectual.

16. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, For repairing the road from Hertford Bridge Hill, to the town of Basingstoke; and also the road from Hertford Bridge Hill aforesaid, to the town of Odiham, in the county of Southampton; and for making the said act more effectual.

17. An Act to render more effectual an act made in the twentieth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for relief of such of his Majesty's loyal subjects in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, whose title deeds and writings were destroyed or carried off by the rebels in the late rebellion.

18. An Act for draining and preserving certain fen lands in the several parishes of Maney, Upwell, Welney, Downham, Witcham, and in a certain extraparochial place in Byal Fen, within the isle of Ely and county of Cambridge.

19. An Act for the more effectual trial and punishment of high treason and misprision of high treason, in the highlands of Scotland; and for abrogating the practice of taking down the evidence in writing in certain criminal prosecutions; and for making some further regulations relating to sheriffs depute and stewarts depute, and their substitutes; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

20. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the Several roads leading from Birmingham, through the town of Wednesbury, to a place called High Bullen, and to Great Bridge; and from thence to the end of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the township of Bilson; and from Great Bridge, through Dudley to King-Swinford, and to the further end of Brittel Lane, in the counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester.

21. An Act for erecting workhouses, for the better employing and maintaining the poor within the burgh of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the county of Suffolk; and for the better repairing and paving the streets and highways there.

22. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for repairing the roads leading from the town of Bromsgrove to the town of Dudley, in the county of Worcester; and from the said town of Bromsgrove to the town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick; so far as the said act relates to repairing the roads leading from the town of Birmingham to the town of Bromsgrove, in the county of Worcester; and for making the same more effectual.

23. An Act for granting to his Majesty the sum of one million out of the sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty eight; and for applying a sum of money remaining in the exchequer, arisen by the rates and duties on houses which determined at Lady day, one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament, and for applying a certain sum of money for defraying the charge of the allowances for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty eight, to several officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horse guards, and three regiments of horse lately reduced.

24. An Act for building a church in the town of Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lancaster, and for enlightening and cleansing the streets of the said town, and for keeping and maintaining a nightly watch there.

25. An Act for repairing the roads leading from Sutton Colefield common to the town of Walsall and from Sneals Green to Walsall, and from Walsall to Park Brook, which divides the parishes of Wolverhampton and Walsall, and from Gibbet Lane to Wolverhampton, and from Compton to the end of the county of Stafford, and from Wolverhampton to the Wergs, and from thence to Shiffnall, and from the Wergs to Hales Heath, and from Wolverhampton to Cannock Wood in the road to Litchfield.

26. An Act for explaining, amending, and enforcing an act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for prohibiting the wearing and importation of cambricks and French lawns.

27. An Act for repairing the high road from Piersbridge to Kirkmerrington in the county of Durham, and from thence to the turnpike road at Tudhoe Lane end in the said county.

28. An Act to explain and amend an act passed in the fourteenth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the preservation of the publick roads in that part of Great Britain called England; and so much of an act passed in the third year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for the better repairing and amending the highways, and for settling the rates of the carriage of goods, as relates to the settling the rates of the carriage of goods.

29. An Act for the further relief of the orphans and other creditors of the city of London; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

30. An Act for encouraging the making of Indico in the British plantations in America.

31. An Act for relief of insolvent debtors.

32. An Act for the relief of the annuitants of the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of Mercers of the city of London.

33. An Act to continue and amend several laws for the relief of debtors with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to rectify a mistake in an act passed in the last session of parliament for continuing several laws therein mentioned; and to continue two acts, the one passed in the nineteenth year, the other in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, to prevent the spreading of the distemper amongst the horned cattle.

34. An Act to amend and enforce so much of an act made in the nineteenth year of his Majesty's reign, as relates to the more effectual disarming the highlands in Scotland, and restraining the use of the highland dress; and to masters and teachers of private schools and chaplains; and to explain a clause in another act made in the same year, relating to letters of orders of episcopal ministers in Scotland; and to oblige persons allowed to carry arms, and the directors of the banks there, and certain persons belonging to, or practising in the courts of session and judiciary, to take the oaths; and to repeal some clauses in an act made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, whereby certain encouragements are given to landlords and tenants in Scotland, who should continue in their duty and loyalty to his said late Majesty; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 21 Georgii 2.

1. AN Act for naturalizing Caesar de Missy and Charles de Missy.

2. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of the Right Honourable Francis Earl Brook, in the County of Southampton, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby, in the Purchase of other Hereditaments of equal or greater Value, to be settled in lieu thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

3. An Act for impowering Granville Leveson Gower, commonly called lord Trentham, to raise portions for younger children; and also to explain and amend certain powers for making jointures in the settlement made on his marriage with Elizabeth his late wife.

4. An Act to enable James Stanley esquire, commonly called lord Strange, eldest son and heir apparent of Edward earl of Derby, and his issue by Lucy his wife (late Lucy Smith) to take and use the sirname of Smith, and bear the arms of Smith and Hertz.

5. An Act for vesting the settled estate late of the honourable Robert Bynge esquire, deceased, and Elizabeth his wife, in the county of Hertford, in trustees, to be sold; and for applying the money arising by such sale, for the purposes therein mentioned.

6. An Act for inrolling the will of George late viscount Lanesborough in the kingdom of Ireland, and making the exemplification thereof evidence in all courts in Great Britain and Ireland.

7. An Act to confirm and establish an agreement for inclosing and dividing certain common fields in the hamlet of Badbury in the county of Wilts.

8. An Act to enable Robert Burton, lately called Robert Lingen, and the heirs male of his body, to take and use the surname of Burton only, pursuant to the will of Thomas Burton esquire, deceased.

9. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of the manors of Wooking, Chabham, and Bagshott, and other lands and hereditaments in the county of Surrey, to Abel Walter, esquire, and his heirs.

10. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Andre, David Andre, and others.

11. An Act for vesting a moiety of the late Sir George Strode's estates, in the counties of Dorset and Somerset, in the right honourable Francis earl Brooke, as the same is now held and enjoyed by him, pursuant to Sir George Strode's will, and the partition of the said estates made by virtue of a decree of the court of Chancery.

12. An Act for the sale of certain lands in the parishes of Barking and Dagenham, in the county of Essex, part of the estate of the late Sir Orlando Humfreys baronet, deceased, for the purposes therein mentioned.

13. An Act for vesting divers manors, lands and hereditaments in the county of Suffolk, late the estate of Thomas Carthew esquire, deceased, in his executors, to enable them to convey the same, pursuant to articles entered into for the purchase thereof.

14. An Act for sale of the estate late of Henry Fleetwood esquire, deceased, in the county of Lancaster, for raising money to discharge the incumbrances affecting the same, and for laying out the surplus of the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the uses of a former settlement.

15. An Act for vesting certain estates of Thomas Lloyd esquire, and Anne his wife, in trustees, to be sold for discharging incumbrances affecting the same, and for settling other estates to the uses of their marriage settlement.

16. An Act for vesting the equity of redemption of divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments in Kingston upon Hull, and the county of York, late the estate of George Dawson esquire, deceased, in Roper Dawson, his eldest son and heir, upon his undertaking to discharge the several incumbrances affecting the same, and to make a provision for his brothers and sisters.

17. An Act for confirming an agreement between James Fox and John Bridges esquires, for exchanging certain lands in the parish of Cobham, in the county of Surry, and for rendering the said agreement more effectual for the purposes thereby intended.

18. An Act for sale of the settled estate of George Chafin esquire, in the counties of Southampton and Surrey, for paying off and discharging several debts and incumbrances, and for settling lands in the county of Somerset, in lieu thereof, to the like uses.

19. An Act for vesting the settled estate late of Joseph Banks the elder esquire, deceased, in the parish of Saint James, within the liberty of Westminster, in trustees, in order to make sale thereof, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of lands to be settled to the same uses.

20. An Act for confirming certain articles of agreement between the creditors of Hugh Naish esquire, and the trustees named in an act of parliament of the eleventh year of his present Majesty, for vesting the real and personal estates of the said Hugh Naish in trustees, for the benefit of his creditors, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act for repealing of part, and for explaining and amending other parts of an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for charging, selling, and applying part of the settled estate of Anthony Keck esquire, for raising money towards the purchase of the manors of Dalby and Broughton in the county of Leicester, contracted for pursuant to the will of Anthony Keck his Grandfather, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

22. An Act for sale of part of the estate late of Corbet Kynaston esquire, deceased, for the payment of debts affecting the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

23. An Act for raising money out of an estate in the county of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sheriff, for the founding and maintaining a school and alms-houses at Rugby in the county of Warwick, to be applied in rebuilding the said school, or purchasing one or more messuage or messuages, together with some ground adjoining thereto, and for the better support of the said like charity.

24. An Act for vesting the estates of Richard Williams a bankrupt (which were settled on his marriage with Sarah Williams his present wife) in the assignees under the commission of bankruptcy awarded against him, to be sold for payment of his debts, and for making a provision for the said Sarah Williams, and her issue, in such manner as therein is mentioned.

25. An Act for inclosing, dividing, and exchanging the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other grounds, in the manor and township of Faceby in Cleveland, in the north riding of the county of York, and for providing certain recompences to the impropriators and vicar of Faceby, in lieu of tythes.

26. An Act to confirm and establish an agreement, for inclosing and dividing a large open common pasture ground called Somergangs, otherwise Somergams, in the parish of Drypool, in the county of York.

27. An Act for confirming and establishing agreements, for inclosing and exchanging lands in Holton, in the county of Lincoln, and for rendering the same more effectual for the purposes thereby intended.

28. An Act for inclosing certain common pasture grounds, within the manors and parishes of Longwith and Plesley, and the hamlets of Stoney Houghton and Shirbrook, in the said parishes, in the county of Derby.

29. An Act to enable Richard Weddell (lately called Richard Elcock) and his issue, to take and bear the sirname and arms of Weddell, pursuant to the will of Thomas Weddell esquire, deceased; and for impowering the said Richard Weddell, and those in remainder after him, to make leases of the estates devised to him and them by the said will.

30. An Act for naturalizing John Thorbeeke.

31. An Act for naturalizing Peter Neau.

PUBLICK ACTS

Anno 22 Georgii II.

1. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty nine.

2. An Act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty nine.

3. An Act declaring the authority of the commissioners appointed by his Majesty under the great seal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining appeals in causes of prizes.

4. An Act for repairing and widening the road leading from the well at the north-west end of the town or village of Farnborough in the county of Kent, to a place called Riverhill, in the parish of Sevenoaks, in the said county.

5. An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

6. An Act for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the harbour of Ellenfoot in the county of Cumberland.

7. An Act for repairing the road from the West Cowgate near the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, through the west end of Kenton, Pont Eland, Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, Belsay Mill, and South Middleton, to the north side of the river Wanspeck, in the county of Northumberland.

8. An Act to continue two acts of parliament, one of the first and the other of the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the road leading from the house called The Sign of the Bells, in the parish of Saint Margaret in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other roads therein mentioned in the county of Kent; and for rendering the same more effectual.

9. An Act for repairing the road from North Shields in the county of Northumberland, to the town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

10. An Act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, upon every Scots pint of beer and ale which shall be sold or vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped for sale, within the town of Anstruther Easter, and liberties thereof.

11. An Act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the several parishes of Sutton, Mepall, Witcham, Chatteris, Dodingdon, and a place called Byal Fen, in the Isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge; and also in the parishes of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton in the county of Huntingdon.

12. An Act for continuing and making more effectual two acts of parliament, the one passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and the other in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from Sherbrook Hill near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith in the county of Derby, through the town of Stockport in the county of Chester, to Manchester in the county of Lancaster; and for amending other roads adjoining to the road directed to be repaired by the first mentioned act.

13. An Act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer, which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the town of Kinghorn, and liberties thereof.

14. An Act for continuing and making more effectual two acts of parliament, for repairing the highway between a certain place called Kilburn Bridge in the county of Middlesex and Sparrows Herne in the county of Hertford.

15. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several roads therein mentioned, leading into the town of Leominster in the county of Hereford; and for making the said act more effectual.

16. An Act for draining and improving certain fen lands within the manors and parishes of Upwell and Outwell, and the parishes of Denver and Welney, in the Isle of Ely, and counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

17. An Act for effectually amending and repairing the road leading from Wamford Bridge in the county of Northampton, to the town of Stamford in the county of Lincoln.

18. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several roads leading into the city of Hereford.

19. An Act for the more effectual draining and preserving of several fen lands, and field lands, in the bounds and precincts of Whittlesea in the Isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge.

20. An Act for making more effectual an act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, for the better preserving the navigation of the rivers Avon and Froome; and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening the streets of the city of Bristol, so far as the same act relates to the paving and enlightening the said streets; and for the regulating hackney coachmen, halliers, draymen, and carters, and the markets, and sellers of hay and draw, within the said city and liberties thereof.

21. An Act for explaining and amending an act passed in the seventeenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for raising and establishing a fund for a provision for the widows and children of the ministers of the church of Scotland, and of the heads, principals, and masters of the universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow, and Edinburgh.

22. An Act for the better ascertaining, recovering, and collecting certain duties commonly called petty customs, or wharfage, payable upon the importation and exportation of goods and merchandizes into, or out of the harbour of the borough and town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis in the county of Dorset; and also of ballast and harbour-duties payable in respect of ships and vessels coming into, and going out of the said harbour, and for the better repairing and keeping in repair the said harbour and the wharfs, and other publick buildings and works within the said borough and town.

23. An Act to charge the sinking fund with the payment of annuities, in discharge of navy, victualling and transport bills, and ordnance debentures, to the amount therein mentioned.

24. An Act for remedying inconveniencies which may happen by proceedings in actions on the statutes of Hue and cry.

25. An Act to explain and amend so much of an act made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act for establishing a general post office for all her Majesty's dominions; and for settling a weekly sum out of the revenues thereof for the service of the war, and other her Majesty's occasions; as relates to horses or furniture to be let to persons riding post.

26. An Act for repairing and widening the several roads leading into the town of Ross in the county of Hertford.

27. An Act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, linnen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, furr, hemp, flax, mohair, and silk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot pressers, and of all persons employed in the said several manufactures; and for the better payment of their wages.

28. An Act for continuing two acts of parliament, the one passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for amending the several roads leading from the city of Bristol; and the other passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same act; and for making the said acts more effectual; and also for repairing other roads therein mentioned.

29. An Act for making an authentick roll of valuation for the shire of Argyll.

30. An Act for encouraging the people known by the name of Unitas Fratrum, or United Brethren, to settle in his Majesty's colonies in America.

31. An Act for opening and making a new road from the east end of New Street in the parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said road in repair for the future.

32. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road leading from Borough Bridge in the county of York, through North Allerton in the same county, to Croft Bridge on the river Tees; and from thence through Darlington in the county of Durham, to the city of Durham; and for making the same more effectual.

33. An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the government of his Majesty's ships, vessels, and forces by sea.

34. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making a new road, and for repairing and amending the ancient road between the towns of Wisbech and March, in the Isle of Ely and county of Cambridge.

35. An Act for repairing and widening the road leading from the town of Kingston upon Thames in the county of Surry, to a place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield in the county of Southampton; and also the road from Hindhead Heath, through Fernhurst Lane and Midhurst, to the city of Chichester in the county of Sussex.

36. An Act for the more effectual preventing the importation and wear of foreign embroidery and brocade, and of gold and silver thread, lace, or other work made of gold or silver wire manufactured in foreign parts.

37. An Act for the better securing his Majesty's duties arising upon coal, culm, and cinders, exported beyond sea.

38. An Act to prevent the mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great quantities of gunpowder in any one place, or carrying too great quantities of gunpowder together from one place to another.

39. An Act for enlarging the powers granted by an act passed in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Borough-bridge, in the county or York, to Catherick in the same county, and from thence to Pierse-bridge on the river Tees.

40. An Act for enlarging and maintaining the harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the haven of Sandwich.

41. An Act for rectifying mistakes in the names of several of the commissioners appointed to put in execution the act for granting a land tax for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty eight, and for appointing other commissioners, together with those named in the said act, to put in execution an act for granting a land tax for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, and for directing the names of collectors of the said tax to be certified to the receivers general; and for the relief of the borough of Honiton as to arrears of the land tax, and the house and window taxes, for the years one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and one thousand seven hundred and forty eight.

42. An Act for granting to his Majesty the sum of one million out of the sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for applying a certain sum for defraying certain charges and allowances to the officers and private gentlemen of the reduced troops of horse guards; and for continuing the bounties on the exportation of British and Irish linens; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

43. An Act for the further enlarging the term and powers granted and continued by two acts of parliament, the one passed in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, For repairing the roads from the city of Worcester, through the borough of Droitwich to Dyers Bridge near Bromsgrove, in the county of Worcester; and also for repairing the roads from Dyers Bridge through the town of Bromsgrove to Spadesbourn Bridge, and from Droitwich to Bradley Brook, in the same county.

44. An Act to enable such officers, mariners, and soldiers, as have been in his Majesty's service since his accession to the throne, to exercise trades.

45. An Act for the further encouragement and enlargement of the whale fishery, and for continuing such laws as are therein mentioned relating thereto; and for the naturalization of such foreign protestants as shall serve, for the time therein mentioned, on board such ships as shall be fitted out for the said fishery.

46. An Act to continue several laws for preventing exactions of the occupiers of locks and wears upon the river Thames westward, and for ascertaining the rates of water carriage upon the said river; and for continuing, explaining, and amending the several laws for the better regulation of attornies and solicitors; and for regulating the price and assize of bread; and for preventing the spreading of the distemper amongst the horned cattle; and also for making further regulations with respect to attornies and solicitors; and for further preventing the spreading of the distemper amongst the horned cattle; and for the more frequent return of writs in the counties palatine of Chester and Lancaster; and for ascertaining the method of levying writs of execution against the inhabitants of hundreds; and for allowing Quakers to make affirmation in cases where an oath is or shall be required.

47. An Act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the town and borough of Southwark, and the several parishes of of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newington, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christ Church, Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the county of Surry, and the several precincts and liberties of the same.

48. An Act to ascertain and establish the method of proceeding to and upon outlawries for high treason, and misprision of high treason, in Scotland.

49. An Act for making a free market for the sale of fish in the city of Westminster; and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of fish; and for allowing the sale of fish, under the dimensions mentioned in a clause contained in an act of the first year of his late Majesty's reign, in case the same are taken with a hook.

50. An Act for the better repairing the highways, and cleansing the streets, within the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex; and for better enlightening the open places, streets, lanes, passages, and courts there; and regulating the nightly watch, and bedels, within the said parish.

51. An Act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road leading from the town of Stockton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence through Winston to Barnard Castle in the same county, and for the effectual amending of the same.

52. An Act for vesting the several estates of James late earl of Derwentwater and Charles Radcliffe deceased, comprized in several settlements therein mentioned, in trustees, for an absolute estate of inheritance, for the benefit of the royal hospital at Greenwich, and for raising certain sums of money out of part of the said estates, for the relief of the children of the said Charles Radcliffe.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 22 Geo. II

1. An Act for inclosing and dividing East Woodhey Down, and the open and common fields of East Woodhey and Hollington in the county of Southampton, pursuant to an agreement entered into for that purpose.

2. An Act for enabling John Griffin Whitwell esquire, and his issue, to take and use the surname and arms of Griffin.

3. An Act to enable Samuel Grundy (now called Samuel Swinfen) and the heirs male of his body, to take and use the surname and arms of Swinfen.

4. An Act for naturalizing Martin Klencke, John James Grand, and Anthony Columbus.

5. An Act for naturalizing Gabriel Guillon.

6. An Act for confirming an order and rule of the court of Common Pleas, for assessing certain lands and tenements in the manor of Betlow, to the parochial rates and levies of and in the parish of Tring, in the county of Hertford.

7. An Act for confirming and establishing an agreement for dividing and inclosing certain open fields and lands in the manors of Wakerley and Wittering, in the county of Northampton.

8. An Act for confirming articles of agreement and award for inclosing and dividing the heaths, wastes, fields, and common grounds in the township of Norton juxta Twicross, in the county of Leicester.

9. An Act for settling a certain yearly payment to the rector of Broughton in the county of Bucks, for the time being, in lieu of tythes, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

10. An Act for explaining and amending a power given by the marriage settlement of Richard Luther esquire, and Charlotte his wife, and for making the same more effectual for the benefit of the children of that marriage.

11. An Act for impowering the committee of the estate of John Rogers esquire, a lunatick, to make surrenders and leases of the freehold and leasehold estates of the said lunatick, during his lunacy.

12. An Act to enable and oblige Charles Fitz Roy esquire, and Frances his wife, and the issue of her body, to take and use the additional surname, and bear the arms of Scudamore.

13. An Act for authorizing and impowering Thomas Harrison to take and use the surname of Kimpson, in performance of a condition contained in the will of Thomas Kimpson clerk, deceased.

14. An Act to enable Joseph Foster Barham esquire, and his issue, to take and use the surname of Barham, pursuant to the will of Henry Barham esquire deceased.

15. An Act to dissolve the marriage of Samuel Rash gentleman, with Dorothy Fuller, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

16. An Act for naturalizing George William Renner, and Frederick Christopher Pritzler.

17. An Act for naturalizing Magdalen Aldworth.

18. An Act for naturalizing Charles Louis Courant.

19. An act for diverting the crown of the reversion in fee simple of and in the manors of Spalding and Holbech, and of several lands, tenements, and hereditaments to the same belonging, in the county of Lincoln, and of and in a piece or parcel of ground in the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the county of Middlesex, and the buildings thereon, expectant on certain estates tail, and for vesting the same in certain other persons therein named, to the intent the same may be barred by proper methods in law, for the purpose therein mentioned.

20. An Act to enable Charles Earl of Peterborow, or the other Heirs of Entail, to sell Lands in the Counties of Kincarden and Aberdeen, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act to enable the Bishop of London, or his successors, to demise or sell the Capital Messuage or Mansion House called London House, for the Benefit of the Bishoprick of London.

22. An Act for applying Part of the Personal Estate of Gilbert late Lord Bishop of Salisbury, for the purchasing of Lands or Rents in Perpetuity in Scotland, to be settled to several charitable Uses and Purposes in his Will mentioned.

23. An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement between Henry Lord Teynham and Sir Francis Curson Baronet, for a Partition of the Estate of John Powell Esquire, deceased, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for raising Money upon the settled Estate of William Lord Viscount Vane, for the Payment of his Debts.

23. An Act for Sale of the Inheritance of Part of the settled Estate of Charles Lord Viscount Fane, in the County of Devon, and in the County of Limerick, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances; and also for settling another Estate in the County of Berks, in lieu thereof; and for securing a Rent Charge to Mary Viscountess Fane, as a Compensation for her Estate for Life, in the Premises in the County of Devon.

26. An Act to enable the making of Leases and Sets of Mines of the Estates of Sir Richard Vyvyan Baronet, an Infant, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, during his Minority.

27. An Act for selling the Manors, Advowson, Rectory, Woods, Lands and Hereditaments devised by the Will of Sir John Williams Knight, deceased, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

28. An act for discharging the estate of William Levinz esquire, in Bilby, Ranby, and Stirrop, in the county of Nottingham, from a yearly payment of thirty pounds given by Sir Creswell Levinz knight, for charitable uses, and for charging the same on his estate at Grove in the same county.

29. An act for vesting the undivided fifth part of divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Sussex, the estate of Ebenezer Marlow, and William Marlow his son, an infant, in trustees, in trust, to sell the same for the purposes therein mentioned.

30. An act for vesting part of the settled estate of Nathaniel Cotton Doctor in physick, lying in the county of Hertford, in trustees, in trust, to sell the same, and to lay out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of another estate to be settled to the uses of his marriage Settlement.

31. An act for vesting the inheritance of the real estate late of John Lockwood gentleman, deceased, in trustees, for the payment of the incumbrances charged upon the same, by virtue of and under his will.

32. An act for sale of part of the settled estate of Nicholas Glynn esquire, deceased, for discharging incumbrances, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Walter Hawksworth Esquire, in the County of York, in him and his Heirs, and for settling the Manor of Hawksworth in the same County, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

34. An act for disposing of part of the real estate of William Robinson Lytton Esquire, deceased, directed by his will to be sold for raising portions for his daughters, in order to discharge incumbrances affecting the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

35. An act for sale of part of the estate of Francis Gwyn esquire, in the county of Devon, for raising money to discharge his sisters portions, and other incumbrances affecting the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

36. An act for sale of a messuage, and certain freehold and copyhold lands and hereditaments in Twickenham in the county of Middlesex, the estate of Mary Middleton widow, and others, and for vesting the money arising thereby, in trustees, for the same uses to which the said estate now Hands settled.

37. An act for inclosing and dividing certain commons and wastes, within the manor and parish of Watlington in the county of Norfolk.

38. An act to enable Robert Lynch esquire, to assume and take upon him the name of Blesse.

39. An act for naturalizing Frederick Christopher Kempe.

40. An act for naturalizing Peter Auriel.

41. An act for sale of several estates in the counties of Mayo and Roscommon, in the kingdom of Ireland, belonging to Henry late lord viscount Dillon, for payment of debts, and other purposes therein mentioned.

42. An act for selling the settled estate of Catherine, commonly called Lady Lymington, for discharging several debts and incumbrances, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

43. An Act for sale of part of the settled estate of John Raymond, a bankrupt, and for applying part of the money arising by such sale as part of the said bankrupt's estate, liable to distribution amongst his creditors, and for laying out the residue in the purchase of another estate, to be settled as therein is mentioned.

44. An Act for sale of divers lands and tenements in Twickenham, in the county of Middlesex, devised by the will of Paul Mansfield deceased, pursuant to an agreement for that purpose, and for the benefit of his grand children.

45. An Act for confirming and establishing certain articles of agreement for inclosing and dividing the common fields and common grounds in the tything of Broad Blunsdon in the county of Wilts, and making the same more effectual for the purposes therein mentioned.

46. An Act for annexing the rectory of Glaston in the county of Rutland, to the office of master or keeper of the house or college of Saint Peter in the university of Cambridge.

47. An Act for authorizing and impowering Thomas Brereton esquire, and his heirs, to take and use the surname of Salusbury.

48. An Act for naturalizing Emanuel Bowler.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 23 Geo. II

1. AN Act for reducing the several Annuities, which now carry an Interest after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the several Rates of Interest therein mentioned.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty.

3. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty.

4. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

5. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the roads leading from the town of Manchester in the county of Lancaster, through the town of Ashton under Line, and parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salters Brook in the county palatine of Chester.

6. An Act for repairing, improving and maintaining the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthning, and making more navigable the several rivers emptying themselves into the said haven; and also for preferring ships, wintering therein, from accidents by fire.

7. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted and continued by two former acts of parliament for repairing, widening and amending the roads from Wigan to Preston in the county palatine of Lancaster and for making the said acts more effectual.

8. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted and continued by two acts of parliament, for amending the highways leading from Brampton Bridge, to Welford Bridge in the county of Northampton, and the great post road from Morter Pitt Hill to Chain Bridge, leading into Market Harborough in the county of Leicester; and for explaining and making more effectual the said acts; and also for repairing the roads leading from Morter Pitt Hill and Brampton Bridge to the town of Northampton.

9. An Act for repealing the duties now payable upon China raw silk, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

10. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, For repairing the road leading from the town of Fulham, in the county of Middlesex, through Fulham fields, to the great road near the pound at Hammersmith, in the said county.

11. An Act to render prosecutions for perjury, and subornation of perjury, more easy and effectual.

12. An Act for improving the navigation of the river Loyne, otherwise called Lune; and for building a quay or wharf near the town of Lancaster, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

13. An Act for the effectual punishing of persons convicted of seducing artificers in the manufactures of Great Britain or Ireland, out of the dominions of the crown of Great Britain; and to prevent the exportation of utensils made use of in the woollen and silk manufactures from Great Britain or Ireland, into foreign parts; and for the more easy and speedy determination of appeals, allowed in certain cases, by an act made in the last session of parliament, relating to persons employed in the several manufactures therein mentioned.

14. An Act for assigning a place proper for holding the market in the city of Westminster, in lieu of the ancient market place called the Round Woolstaple; and for regulating the said market.

15. An Act for taking down several buildings, and inlarging the streets and market places in the city of Gloucester.

16. An Act for granting to his Majesty the sum of one million to be raised by annuities at three pounds per centum per annum, and charged on the sinking fund, transferrable at the bank of England.

17. An Act for repairing the roads leading from Dunglas Bridge to the town of Haddington; and from thence to Ravenshaughburn in the county of Haddington.

18. An Act for enlightening the open places, streets, lanes, passages and courts and for the better regulating the nightly watch, within the parish of Saint John Southwark in the county of Surrey.

19. An Act for making more effectual several acts of parliament passed for cleansing and making navigable the channel from Hithe at Colchester to Wivenhoe in the county of Essex; and for repairing and cleansing the streets and lanes of the town of Colchester.

20. An Act for encouraging the growth and culture of raw silk in his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America.

21. An Act for granting to his Majesty the sum of nine hundred thousand pounds out of the sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and for applying certain surplus monies remaining in the exchequer, as part of the supply of the said year; and for the application of certain savings in the hands of the paymaster general; and for obviating a doubt in an act of the fifth year of King George the First, in respect to the payment of certain annuities thereby granted for the improvement of Fisheries and manufactures in Scotland; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted this session of parliament; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contracts of clerks and apprentices; and for transferring the bounties now payable upon the exportation of British sail cloth, to the customs; and for enforcing the laws against the clandestine importation of soap, candles, and starch, into this kingdom.

22. An Act for giving further time to the proprietors of annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to subscribe the same in the manner and upon the terms therein mentioned; and for redeeming such of the said annuities, as shall not be so subscribed; and for impowering the East India company to raise certain sums by transferrable annuities.

23. An Act to continue several laws for preventing the spreading of the distemper which now rages amongst the horned cattle, and for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the killing of cow calves.

24. An Act for the encouragement of the British white herring fishery.

25. An Act for making good a deficiency upon the revenue of the office of keeper or clerk of the Hanaper, and for preventing any future deficiency therein, to answer the publick services provided for out of the same; and for augmenting the income of the office of master or keeper of the rolls.

26. An Act to continue several laws for the better regulating of pilots, for the conducting of ships and vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of Thanet, up the rivers of Thames and Medway; and for permitting rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations to be landed before the duties of excise are paid thereon; and to continue and amend an act for preventing frauds in the admeasurement of coals within the city and liberty of Westminster, and several parishes near thereunto; and to continue several laws for preventing exactions of occupiers of locks and wears upon the river Thames westward, and for ascertaining the rates of water carriage upon the said river; and for the better regulation and government of seamen in the merchants service; and also to amend so much of an act made in the first year of the reign of King George the First, as relates to the better preservation of salmon in the river Ribble; and to regulate fees in trials at assizes, and Nisi Prius, upon records issuing out of the office of pleas of the court of exchequer; and for the apprehending of persons in any county or place, upon warrants granted by justices of the peace in any other county or place; and to repeal so much of an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to the time during which the Office of excise is to be kept open each day, and to appoint for how long time the same shall be kept open upon each day for the future; and to prevent the dealing or destroying of turnips; and to amend an act made in the second year of his present Majesty, for better regulation of attornies and solicitors.

27. An Act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the city and liberty of Westminster and that part of the dutchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto.

28. An Act to explain part of an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, for the uniformity of publick prayers, and administration of sacraments; and also part of an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth for the ministers of the church to be of sound religion.

29. An Act to encourage the importation of pig and bar iron from his Majesty's colonies in America; and to prevent the erection of any mill or other engine for slitting or rolling of iron, or any plateing forge to work with a tilt hammer, or any furnace for making steel, in any of the said colonies.

30. An Act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the Tower Hamlets.

31. An Act for extending and improving the trade to Africa.

32. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon such species of sail cloth as are therein mentioned, which shall be imported from Ireland into Great Britain, during the time therein limited.

33. An Act for preventing delays and expences in the proceedings in the county court of Middlesex; and for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts in the said county court.

34. An Act for permitting raw silk of the growth or produce of Persia, purchased in Russia, to be imported into this kingdom, from any port or place belonging to the empire of Russia.

35. An Act for making a better and more effectual provision for the relief of the poor, for the cleansing the streets, and for keeping a nightly watch, within the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the liberties of the city of Westminster.

36. An Act for settling a stipend or maintenance upon the rector of the parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, and his successors, in lieu of tythes.

37. An Act for building a bridge cross the river of Thames, from Hampton Court in the county of Middlesex to East Moulsey in the county of Surrey.

38. An Act for repairing the road from the city of York over Skipbridge, to Boroughbridge in the county of York.

39. An Act for the more effectual repairing and preserving the piers and harbour of Whitby in the county of York.

40. An Act for repairing and widening the roads leading from Egremont to Duddon Bridge, Santon Bridge, and Salthouse, in the county of Cumberland.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 23 Georgii II.

1. An act for naturalizing Thomas Abraham Ogier, Peter Henry Gauvain, and others.

2. An act for naturalizing Charles Lindegren.

3. An act for naturalizing Henry Joly.

4. An act for naturalizing Germain Lavie.

5. An act for vesting in trustees certain leases and estates therein mentioned, of and in the Manors of Spalding and Holbeck, and of several lands, tenements and hereditaments to the same belonging, in the county of Lincoln, which were forfeited by James late duke of Monmouth, put in exigent upon an indictment of high treason, to the intent that the loss of the record of such indictment, and of the Capias and exigent thereon, may be supplied for the purposes therein mentioned.

6. An act to impower the committees of Thomas earl of Bradford, a lunatick, to lay out part of his personal estate in the purchase of lands and estates of inheritance for the purposes therein mentioned.

7. An act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of the manor of Garstang in the county of Lancaster, and of a messuage or tenement in Newbigginge in Lonsdale, in the county of Westmoreland, to trustees, in trust for the honourable Edward Walpole esquire, and his heirs, upon a full and valuable consideration to be paid for the same.

8. An act to enable Roger Mortlock, doctor in divinity, now called Roger Pettiward, and the heirs of his body, to take and use the surname and arms of Pettiward.

9. An act to enable Beckford-Kendall esquire, now called Beckford Kendall Cater, and his issue male, to take and use the surname and arms of Cater.

10. An act for naturalizing John Peter Mandrot, Lewis Chabanel, William de Drusina, and others.

11. An act for naturalizing Isaac Stromberg, doctor in physick.

12. An act for naturalizing Engelbert Hake.

13. An act to impower the guardians of Henry earl of Pembroke and Montgomery, an infant, to make leases of his real estate during his minority.

14. An act to enable Hugh earl of Northumberland, and Elizabeth countess of Northumberland and baroness Percy, his wife, and their children, progeny, and issue, to take and use the name of Percy, and bear and quarter the arms of the Percies earls of Northumberland.

15. An act for sale of part of the settled estate of Sir Thomas Moystyn baronet, in the county of Anglesey, for payment of debts, and for providing a recompence to his eldest son and issue in lieu thereof.

16. An act for establishing a partition made between dame Mary Latre, and others, of divers estates in the parishes of West Thorock and Stifford, in the county of Essex, in pursuance of several orders of the high court of Chancery.

17. An act for impowering trustees to cut down and sell timber upon the estate late of John Trevor esquire, in the counties of Denbigh and Flint, for discharging his debts, and also to make leases of mines in the said counties.

18. An act for investing part of the personal estate of Charles Churchill Esquire, deceased, in the purchase of Lands to be settled, pursuant to an agreement in the settlement made on the marriage of Charles Churchill junior esquire, with the Lady Maria Walpole.

19. An Act for Sale of the Manor of Mursley, and other Estates in the County of Bucks, lately belonging to Hugh Barker the younger Esquire, deceased, pursuant to an agreement made with him for that Purpose.

20. An Act for making effectual an Agreement for Sale of a Messuage at Farley Hill in the County of Berks, with the Appurtenances, late the Estate of Colonel Charles Lance, deceased, to Alexander Walker Esquire.

21. An Act for Sale of the Estates devised by the Will of John Hylton Esquire, deceased, and for applying the Money arising thereby in the Payment of his Debts and Legacies.

22. An Act for explaining and amending several Powers contained in the Settlements made in the Marriage of Henry Walters Gentleman, and Anne his Wife, and for rendering the same more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

23. An Act to impower the Executors and Trustees of Samuel Shepheard Esquire, deceased, to sell his Houses at Exning in Suffolk, and in Cavendish Square, and the Plate and Furniture thereto belonging, and to apply the Money produced by such Sale, as the Court of Chancery shall direct or appoint.

24. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates of John Needham Esquire, and Anne his Wife; John Leche Esquire, and Mary his Wife; and Elizabeth Hurleston, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An Act to enable William Cowper Esquire, to settle a Jointure upon his present Wife, and to make Leases of certain estates in the County of Hertford.

26. An Act for impowering Trustees to raise Money out of the settled Estate of Robert Dolman Esquire, for discharging several Debts and Sums of Money contracted and borrowed by him.

27. An Act for vesting the Estates of Richard Stanley Esquire, a Lunatic, lying in the Counties of Kent and Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of several Debts and Incumbrances thereon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

28. An Act to sell Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Sergison Esquire, and to lay out the Money arising thereby, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments to be settled in lieu thereof.

29. An Act to enable William Nisbet of Dirleton Esquire, and the Heirs of Intail for the time being, to make Leases of Lands in the County of Haddington, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

30. An Act for raising Money by Sale or Mortgage of the Estate of Garten Orme Esquire, in the County of Sussex, for the Payment of his Debts, and the Portion of Charlote Orme his Daughter, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act for inclosing and dividing certain Common Fields and Common Grounds, called Nether Heyford Common Fields, lying and being in the Parishes of Nether Heyford, Stow with nine Churches, and Bugbrooke, in the County of Northampton, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain Meadows, Pastures and enclosed Grounds in the said Parishes, and providing a recompense to the Rectors of the said Parishes, in lieu of Tythes.

32. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Culcheth in the County of Lancaster.

33. An Act for securing the sole Property, Benefit and Advantage of an Engine invented by Israel Pownoll, deceased, for raising Ballast, Sullage and Sand, and for removing Banks, Shelves and Shoals, in Rivers and Harbours, to the Children of the said Israel Pownoll, for a certain Term of Years.

34. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Van Wylick.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 24 Georgii II.

I. AN Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one.

2. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two Millions one hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised by Annuities, and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament.

3. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Stanford and Grantham in the County of Lincoln, and for making the same more effectual.

4. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the several Sums of money therein mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for impowering the Commissioners of the Treasury to pay off the Old and New unsubscribed South Sea Annuities out of the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and for enabling the Bank of England to hold General Courts, and Courts of Directors, in the Manner therein directed; for giving certain Persons Liberty to subscribe Bank and South Sea Annuities omitted to be subscribed pursuant to two Acts of the last session of Parliament.

5. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one.

8. An Act for the better carrying on, and regulating, the Navigation of the River Thames and Isis, from the City of London westward, to the Town of Cricklade in the County of Wilts.

9. An Act for repairing the Road leading from West Lavington to the Devizes, and from the Devizes to Seend, in the County of Wilts.

10. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Allan, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South-Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex.

11. An Act for reducing the interest upon the Capital Stock of the South Sea Company, from the Time, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned; and for preventing of Frauds committed by the Officers and Servants of the said Company.

12. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for making navigable the Rivers commonly called Brandon and Waveney; so far as the same relates to the Navigation of the River commonly called the Lesser Ouze, from Thetford to Brandon, and from Brandon to a Place called the White House, near Brandon Ferry, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

13. An Act for repairing the Road from Crosford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

14. An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

15. An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish.

16. An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts within the City of London, and County of the same City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof; and within the Bail of Lincoln in the County of Lincoln.

17. An Act for repairing the Road leading from the East End of Brumpton High Lane in the County of York, to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to and through the Towns of Askrigg and Ingleton in the said County, to the Town of Lancaster in the County of Lancaster.

18. An Act for the better Regulation of Trials by Jury; and for enlarging the Time for Trials by Nisi Prius in the County of Middlesex.

19. An Act for making the River Nar navigable, from the Town and Port of King's Lynn, to Westacre, in the County of Norfolk.

20. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland.

21. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodstock through Kiddington and Enstone to Rollright Lane, and from Enslow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford; and for making the said Act more effectual.

22. An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for the repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds; and from thence, in two several Branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibsey, to the Town of Halifax in the same Riding, as relates to that Part of the said Roads which lies between Selby and Leeds; and also for repairing the Road from Tadcaster in the said West Riding, over Bramham Moor through Kidhall Lane, over Win Moor, and through Seacroft, to a Place called Ha;ton Dyal, where it comes into the abovesaid Road, between Selby and Leeds.

23. An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year and for correcting the Calendar now in Use.

24. An Act to provide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown should descend to any of the Children of his late Royal Highness Frederick Prince of Wales, being under the Age of eighteen Years; and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons.

25. An Act for laying out, making and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City of Carlisle, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

26. An Act for cleansing and enlightening the open Places, Streets, and other Passages, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels, in the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex.

27. An Act to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the houses in Golden Square, in the parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, to make and levy a Rate on themselves, for raising Money sufficient for the better Enclosing, Paving, Enlightening and Adorning of the said Square; and supporting and keeping of the same in Repair for the future.

28. An Act for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley Hill in the County of Gloucester, to Frogg Mill, through the Towns of Northleach, Burford and Witney, and parishes of Hanborough and Bladen, to Campsfield, in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford, and also the Road from Witney, through Ensham Corner and Botley, to the City of Oxford.

29. An Act for repairing the Road leading from the town of Ludlow in the County of Salop, through Wofferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County; and also from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called the Maidenhead at Orleton in the County of Hereford.

30. An Act for repairing the High Roads leading from Darlington in the County of Durham, to West Auckland, and several other Roads in the said County therein mentioned.

31. An Act for explaining, amending and enforcing an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for further regulating and encouraging the said Manufactures.

32. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road from Wendover, to the Town of Buckingham in the County of Bucks; and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from the West End of the said Town of Wendover, to the End of a Lane called Oak Lane, next the great Road called The Oxford Road, lying between the Town of Beconsfield, in the said County of Bucks, and Uxbridge in the County of Middlesex, and that Part of the said great Road which leads from the West End of the said Town of Beconsfield, to the River Colne near Uxbridge aforesaid.

33. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green in the said County; and for making the said Act more effectual.

34. An Act for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

35. An Act for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh; and from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queens Ferry in the County of Linlithgow.

36. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Ribble, between the Townships of Preston and Penwortham, near a Place called the Fish-house, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

37. An Act for dividing the Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob in the County of Gloucester, and in the City and County of Bristol; and for erecting a Church in the new intended Parish.

38. An Act for levying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or a sixth Part of a Penny Sterling on every Scots Pint of Ale

and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or sold, within the Town of Greenock, and baronies of Easter and Wester Greenock, and Finnart, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

39. An Act for the better regulating the Navigation of the River Avon, running through the Counties of Warwick, Worcester and Gloucester; and for ascertaining the Rates of water carriage upon the said River.

40. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Spirituous Liquors, and upon Licences for retailing the same; and for repealing the Act of the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting a Duty to his Majesty to be paid by Distillers upon Licences to be taken out by them for retailing Spirituous Liquors, and for the more effectually restraining the retailing of distilled Spirituous Liquors; and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of British made Spirits; and that the Parish of Saint Mary le Bon, in the County of Middlesex, shall be under the Inspection of the Head Office of Excise.

41. An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties upon Tobacco.

42. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster, which adjoineth thereto; and for making the said Act more effectual.

43. An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for the Disposition of Penalties given by Acts of Parliament relating to the Highways in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for enforcing the Recovery thereof; and for the more effectual preventing the mischiefs occasioned by the Drivers riding upon Carts, Drays, Carrs and Wagons, in the City of London, and within ten Miles thereof.

44. An Act for the rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office; and for indemnifying Constables, and others, acting in Obedience to their Warrants.

45. An Act for the more effectual preventing of Robberies and Thefts upon any navigable Rivers, Ports of Entry or Discharge, Wharves and Keys adjacent.

46. An Act for repealing the Duties now payable upon Foreign Linen Yarns, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

47. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and for Allowances to the poor Widows of commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Orders of Loan, or Annuity Orders, payable at the Exchequer in lieu of such as shall be lost, burnt or destroyed; also for making forth new Orders of Loan or Annuity Orders, in lieu of such as shall become defaced, obliterated, or otherwise encumbered with Alignments or Endowments thereon.

48. An Act for the Abbreviation of Michaelmas Term.

49. An Act for allowing further Time to the Commissioners appointed by and in pursuance of an Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, to inquire into the Claims of certain Creditors of the Royal African Company therein mentioned, and for the Relief of David Crichton; and for restraining the said Company from disposing of such of their Effects as are therein mentioned; and for staying all Suits for Money due from or on the Account of the said Company, for the Time therein mentioned.

50. An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

51. An Act for encouraging the making of Pot Ashes and Pearl Ashes in the British Plantations in America.

52. An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Premiums upon the Importation of Masts, Yards and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch and Turpentine; to British made Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British made Gunpowder.

53. An Act to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit in his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, Connecticut, the Massachusets Bay, and New Hampshire in America; and to prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payments of Money.

54. An Act for explaining, continuing and enforcing several Laws therein mentioned, more effectually to prevent the spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

55. An Act for amending and making more effectual a Clause in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the apprehending of Persons in any County or Place, upon Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace of any other County or Place.

56. An Act for ascertaining the Admeasurement of Wheat Meal, or other Corn or Grain ground, for which a Bounty is payable upon Exportation; and for making Allowances to the East India Company, for their Charges and Expenses in managing, paying and transferring their reduced Annuities.

57. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned; for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; continuing two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River or Sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop binds; for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit or Delph of Coal, or Cannel Coal; and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chases, or beating or wounding the Keepers or other Officers in Forests, Chases or Parks; for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies, directly into Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; for preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to make some further Provisions in relation to the signing of Certificates for the Discharge of Bankrupts.

58. An Act for making, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George's Southwark and Bermondsey in the County of Surrey; and Lewisham in the County of Kent.

59. An Act for enlarging of the Terms and Powers, and making more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing and amending the Highways leading from Royston in the County of Hertford, to Stamford Bridge in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the amending of that Part of the Road as lies between a Place called the White Post on Alconbury Hill in the County of Huntingdon, and Wansford Bridge in the same County, called the North Division; and that the Tolls taken at Saltree and Wansford Toll-gates may, from and after a certain Time, be lowered; and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton in the said County of Huntingdon, to Peterborough in the County of Northampton.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 24 Georgii II.

1. AN Act to dissolve the Marriage of Godfrey Copley Esquire, with Anna Maria Brace, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

2. An Act to enable Samuel Smith Esquire to take and use the Surname of Holworthy only, and bear the Coat-Armour of Matthew Holworthy Esquire, deceased, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth his Widow, also deceased.

3. An Act to enable John Heath Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Duke, according to the Direction of the said Will and testament of Richard Duke Esquire, deceased.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Liotard, Daniel Richard, Daniel Ferrand, Charles Boucher and John Schnely.

5. An act for naturalizing Christopher Jacob Krauter.

6. An act for impowering the Trustees, named in the Settlement made upon the Marriage of Edward Hulse Esquire, with Hannah his Wife, to lay out Part of the Trust moneys therein mentioned, in the Purchase of Reversionary Estates, as well as Lands in Possession, to be settled to the Uses of the said Marriage Settlement, with Power to make Leases thereof, according to the Custom of the Country.

7. An Act to enable George Lane, heretofore called George Fox Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Lane, pursuant to the Will of James Lord Viscount Lanesborough, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, and for inrolling the said Will, and making the Exemplification thereof Evidence in all Courts in Great Britain and Ireland.

8. An Act to enable Thomas Smith, now called Thomas Panuwell, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Panuwell.

9. An Act to enable the most Noble Jane Duchess Dowager of Argyll and Greenwich to grant Leases of the Ground, and repairing Leases of the Houses and Buildings in the County of Middlesex, mentioned in the Will of John late Duke of Argyll and Greenwich, deceased.

10. An Act for charging divers Houses, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the City of London and County of Hertford, Part of the settled Estate of William Earl Cowper, with raising Money towards defraying the Expenses of rebuilding the said Houses in London, burnt down and destroyed by Fire.

11. An Act for vesting divers Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the County of Cork in the Kingdom of Ireland, comprised in the Marriage settlement of John Earl of Egmont, in him and his Heirs, discharged of the Uses of that Settlement, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

12. An Act for the Sale of a Capital Messuage at Bromley, and diverse Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, late the Estate of Sir Charles Peers Knt. deceased, sometime since one of the Aldermen of the City of London, and for purchasing another Estate to be settled to the Uses of his Will.

13. An Act to enable John Primrose Esquire, commonly called Lord Dalmenie, to secure a Jointure to Mary Countess of Roseberry, his Mother, and make Provisions for his Brother and Sister, out of the entailed Estate late of Sir Archibald Primrose Knight, deceased.

14. An Act for vesting the undivided twelfth Part of John Jekyll, an Infant, in the Real Estate of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purports therein mentioned.

15. An Act for Sale of the Estate late of Edmund Pleydell Esquire, in Gloucestershire, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will.

16. An Act to enable Sir William Maxwell of Monreith Baronet, or other Heirs of Entail for the time being, to sell Lands in the County of Wigtown, for Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

17. An Act for the effectual securing of a Jointure, by way of rent charge, for Barbara Mainwaring Ellerker, Wife of Eaton Mainwaring Ellerker Esquire, and raising Portions for their younger Children, pursuant to an Agreement contained in their Marriage settlement, and for confirming and establishing the Surname of Ellerker, and the Coat of Arms of the Ellerkers, of Risby in the County of York, and the Crest granted by King Henry the Eighth, to the said Eaton Mainwaring Ellerker, and his Issue.

18. An Act for confirming a Partition of the Estate late of George Gardener Esquire, deceased, and for settling and disposing of the Lands belonging to Edward Bulstrode Esquire, upon the said Partition, for discharging Incumbrances, and for a Provision for himself, and his Wife and Children, pursuant to his Marriage Settlement.

19. An Act to impower the Guardian or Guardians of Thomas Horner Esquire, an Infant, for the time being, to make Leases and of Grants of his Estates in the County of Somerset, during his Minority, according to the Usage and Custom of the Country, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An Act for vesting a Message and Lands in Suffolk, Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Moyle Esquire, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, towards the Purchase of another Estate of greater Value to be settled to the like Uses.

21. An Act for the better effecting the Purposes mentioned in the Will of John Michel, late of Richmond in the County of Surrey Esquire, deceased, for the Benefit and Advantage of Queen's College in the University of Oxford.

22. An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement for inclosing and dividing several Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Welton in the County of York, and for settling a yearly Sum on the Vicar in lieu of Tythes, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

23. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing certain Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Yatton in the County of Somerset.

24. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Farthingstone in the County of Northampton.

25. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Meadows and Common Fen in the Manor and Parish of Dunsby in the County of Lincoln, and for rendering the same more effectual, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act for impowering Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright Baronet, to enclose Besford Common in the County of Worcester, and for setting out and appointing proper Roads over the same; and for charging the said Common with a perpetual yearly Rent, in lieu of certain Rights and Privileges claimed by James Cocks Esquire, as Lord Paramount of the Manor of Besford.

27. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing the common Pastures and common Grounds, within the Manor of Hutton Bushell in the County of York.

28. An Act for vesting for a certain Term of Years, in Michael Menzies Esquire, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, the sole Property of a Machine, by him invented, for conveying of Coals from the Places where they are dug, to the Heaps at the Mouths of the Pits, and in some Cases from the Heaps to the Staiths or Places where they are put on Board Ships or Keels.

29. An Act to enable Wiliam Leybourne, formerly called William Leybourne Taylor, to take and use the Surname of Leybourne only, and bear the Coat of Arms of the Family of Leybourne, pursuant to the Will of his Uncle William Leybourne, deceased.

30. An Act for enabling James Langston, formerly called James Houghton, and his Heirs, to use the Surname, and bear rite Family Arms of Langston, pursuant to the Will of James Langston his Uncle, deceased.

31. An Act to enable John Fenwick, lately called John Wilson, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Name and bear the Arms of Fenwick only, pursuant to the Wills of Robert Fenwick and Nicholas Fenwick.

32. An Act for naturalizing Count Stephanus Laurentius Neale.

33. An Act for establishing and confirming Articles entered into upon the Marriage of Henry Arthur Earl of Powiss, with Barbara Countess of Powis, his Wife, an Infant, and for the more effectually carrying the same into Execution,

34. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable John Thynne, Lord Chedworth, to settle a Jointure on Martha Parker Spinster, upon their Inter-marriage, and for making Provision for their younger Children, and for explaining the Will of Sir Philip Parker Long Baronet, deceased, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An Act for completing the Sale of the Estate late of Francis Scott, commonly called Earl of Dalkeith, deceased, in the County of Lincoln; and for applying the Money arising thereby pursuant to an Agreement for that purpose; for impowering the Guardians of the Heir of the said late Earl, for the time being, to make Leases of Ground and Buildings in the County of Middlesex, during the Minority of such Heir.

36. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Lord Viscount Kilmorey, for raising Money to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the same, prior to his Marriage Settlement, and for laying out, the Surplus thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Settlement.

37. An Act for vesting the undivided Moiety of diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Leicester, Stafford and Derby, devised by the Will of Sarah Frowde Widow, deceased, in Ralph Blois Clerk, in Fee simple; and for settling an entire Estate in the County of Suffolk, of greater Value, to the Uses limited by the same Will.

38. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of George Barlow Esquire, in him and his Heirs, and for settling another Part of his Estate of greater Value, to the same Uses, except as therein is excepted, in lieu thereof.

39. An Act for Sale of the Estates late of William Newland Esquire, deceased, in Gatton, Rygate and Meastam in the County of Surrey, for discharging Incumbrances.

40. An Act for Sale of certain Estates in the County of Stafford, of Christopher Wood Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same, and for settling other Lands in lieu thereof.

41. An Act for making and granting Leases of Lands, Tenements and Mines in the County of Cornwall, comprised in the Marriage Settlement and Will of George Courtenay Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of his Issue claiming under the said Settlement and Will.

42. An Act for selling Part of the settled Estate of George Courtenay Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same, and for enabling him to make a Provision for his Wife and Children, pursuant to his Marriage Articles.

43. An Act to enable the Honourable John Fitzmaurice, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Petty, pursuant to the Will of the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Shelburne in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

44. An Act for enabling Richard King Stubblefield Gentleman, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of King.

45. An Act for naturalizing Philip Jacob Baron de Soesdyk Van Cloon, Lord of Rhynwick.

46. An Act for naturalizing John Jugla, Stephan Cogigian, John Jacob Zornlin, and John Adolph Speck.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 25 Georgii II.

1. AN Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two.

2. An Act for punishing Mutiny and desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

3. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, within the Space of one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two.

4. An Act for appointing the Deputy or Secondary of the Chief Clerk to inroll Pleas in the King's Bench, called, The Master of the King's Bench Office, one of the registers or Masters for the Inrollment of Deeds, Wills and other Conveyances in the County of Middlesex, in the Place and Stead of such Chief Clerk.

5. An Act to continue and make more effectual an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppard's Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent.

6. An Act for avoiding and putting an End to certain Doubts and Questions, relating to the Attestation of Wills and Codicils, concerning Real Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and in his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America.

7. An Act to rectify a mistake in an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the twenty first Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers in the City of London; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

8. An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Wrotham in the County of Kent; and from thence to the Village of Foot's Cray in the said County.

9. An Act for enlarging the Term granted by two several Acts of the third and ninth Years of his late majesty's Reign, for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for discontinuing Payment of the Petty Port Customs there.

10. An Act for the more effectual securing Mines of Black Lead from Theft and Robbery.

11. An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of East Greenwich in the County of Kent, to deposit Corpse in the Vaults or Arches under the Church in the said Parish, and to ascertain the Fees that shall be paid for the same.

12. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Warminster in the County of Wilts, to the City of Bath in the County of Somerset; and also the Road from the Town of Frome in the said County of Somerset, to the Town of Beckington in the same County; and for repairing the Road from Heytesbury to Anstrow Hill in the county of Wilts.

13. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dudbridge; and also the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bisley, so far as the Bottom of Gulph Hill, all in the County of Gloucester.

14. An Act to open the Port of Lancaster for the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland.

15. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and also Persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Articles of Clerkship, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for those Purposes.

16. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Acts of Parliament, for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittensor, and the most Northern Part of Talk on the Hill in Butt Lane in the County of Stafford.

17. An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Green Man in the Chapelry of Seend in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to a Place called White Trough in the Parish of Trowbridge in the same County; and from thence by Road Church to Beckington in the County of Somerset.

18. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Long Horsley Bar or Gate, on the Post Road near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horsley, Weldon Bridge and Whittingham, to the River Breamish, and from thence to Peircy's Cross in the County of Northumberland.

19. An Act to open the Port of Great Yarmouth for the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland.

20. An Act to obviate Doubts that have arisen with regard to the Admission of the Vassals of the Principality of Scotland, and Payment of their Rents and Duties.

21. An act for repairing the Roads from Wallingford in the County of Berks, to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon, and also from Wantage to Idson in the said County.

22. An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Shrewsbury, through Ellesmere in the County of Salop, and Overton in the County of Flint, to Wrexham in the County of Denbigh.

23. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist in the City of Westminster; and for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways within the said Parishes.

24. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Tinhead Hill, to the Round Stone in Trowbridge; and from Flinty Nap, to Western Down in the Parish of Edington in the County of Wilts; and other Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, leading towards the Cities of Bristol and Bath.

25. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money therein also mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the said Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and fifty-two; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

26. An Act to restrain the making Insurances on Foreign Ships bound to or from the East Indies.

27. An Act for converting the several Annuities therein mentioned, into several joint Stocks of Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and also for consolidating the several other Annuities therein mentioned, into several Joint Stocks of Annuities, transferrable at the South Sea House.

28. An Act for repairing the Post Road from the City of Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgow and Sterling, from the Boathouse Ford, on Almond Water, and from thence to the Town of Linlithgow, and from the said Town to Falkirk, and from thence to Sterling; and also from Falkirk to Kilsyth, and to Inch Bellie Bridge, on the Post Road to the City of Glasgow.

29. An Act for giving a proper Reward to Coroners, for the due Execution of their Office; and for the Amoval of coroners upon a lawful Conviction, for certain misdemeanours.

30. An Act to amend an Act made in the last session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year and for correcting the Calendar now in life.

31. An Act to continue, explain and amend several Laws more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

32. An Act to allow the Importation of Gum Senega into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe, upon the Payment of a Duty; and for Relief of James Gutherie, with respect to the Duties paid and secured upon a Quantity of Tobacco, burnt at the Port of Kircudbright, and for giving further Time for Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices.

33. An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford, Thropple, Long Witton, and by the North Side of Rothley Park Wall, to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in Elsdon in the County of Northumberland.

34. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town of Birmingham, and Hamlet of Deritend thereto adjoining in the County of Warwick.

35. An Act for continuing the Act for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; and also for continuing, under certain Regulations, so much of an Act as relates to the Premiums upon the Importation of Maist, Yards and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch and Turpentine.

36. An Act for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of publick Entertainment, and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses.

37. An Act for better preventing the horrid Crime of Murder.

38. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough of Saint Albans in the County of Hertford, and the several Towns, Parishes, Wards, Hamlets and Places within the Liberty of Saint Albans.

39. An Act to obviate Doubts that may arise upon an Act made and passed in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty's Natural born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either Lineal or Collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens.

40. An Act for the Application of a Sum of Money therein mentioned, granted to his Majesty, for making compensation and Satisfaction to the Royal African Company of England, for their Charter, Lands, Sorts, Castles, Slaves, Military Stores, and all other their Effects whatsoever; and to veil the Lands, Sorts, Castles, Slaves and Military Stores, and all other their Effects, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and for other Purposes in the Act mentioned.

41. An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably; and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the same; and applying the Rents and Profits thereof, for the better civilising and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future.

42. An Act to render valid and effectual all Contracts and Agreements which shall be made by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Purchase of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for the finishing and completing the said Hospital; for ascertaining the Recompense that shall be made for the same.

43. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts in the Town and Port of Liverpool, and Liberties thereof, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

44. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, entitled, An act to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough in the County of York; and for making the said Act more effectual.

45. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City and County of the City of Canterbury., and the Liberties and Precincts of the same.

46. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Alemouth through the Town of Alnwick, to Rothbury, and from thence to the Town of Hexham, and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge in the County of Northumberland.

47. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of York, to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough in the North Riding of the County of York, and also from spittle house in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid.

48. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Part of the Road (directed to be repaired by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, from Carlisle to Newcastle upon Tyne) near Glenwell, to another Part of the Road (so making from Carlisle to Newcastle) upon Shildon Common in the County of Northumberland.

49. An Act for repairing the High Road from the Town of Shrewsbury, through Cressage, Harley, Much Wenlock, by Muckley Cross, and through Morville, to Bridgnorth in the County of Salop.

50. An Act for repairing the Roads from the North End of Malling Street, near the Town of Lewes, to Witch Cross, and from the north End of Malling Street aforesaid, to the Broil Park Gate; and from Offham to Witch Cross aforesaid, all lying within the County of Sussex.

51. An Act for amending and making more effectual several Acts for amending the Roads from the City of London, to East Grinstead in the County of Sussex; and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston in the County of Surrey; and for more effectually repairing the Road from Newington, through Camberwell in the said County, to New Cross in the County of Kent, and for repairing and widening the Road from Camberwell Green, to the Fox under the Hill in the Parish of Camberwell.

52. An Act for widening and repairing the road from Combe-bridge in the County of Somerset, to Bradford, in the County of Wilts; and from thence through Hilperton; and so far over Ashton Common, as to join the Road which leads from Steeple Ashton to Trowbridge; and also the Road leading from Bradford aforesaid, to Cockhill Gate in the said County of Wilts.

53. An Act for repairing the Road from Knaresborough in the County of York, by Longflat Lane, Gouldsborough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton Mauleverer and Scate Moor, to Green Hammerton in the same County; and for making the same a High Carriage Road.

54. An Act for amending the several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton in the County of Somerset.

55. An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence in two several Branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibsey, to the Town of Halifax in the same Riding; as relates to that Part of the said Roads which lies between Leeds and Halifax.

56. An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard in the County of Hereford, to the several Places called the Halfway Ash in the Parish of Docklow, Herefordshire Lake in the Parish of Whitburne, Perry Bridge in the Parish of Stoke Bliss, leading through the several Parishes of Edwin, Ralph, Collington, and the Hamlet of Little Kyre, Sapey Wood in the Parish of Upper Sapey, Bishop's Froome, Wooferwood Gate, and Herefordshire Lake in the said Parish of Bromyard in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester.

57. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough in the County of Leicester, through Desborough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave and Thrapston in the County of Northampton; and through Bythorne, Spaldwick and Ellington, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton in the County of Huntingdon.

58. An Act for repairing the Roads from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the Southwest Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate; and from thence in two Branches (one through Ripley, over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the first Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton Moor in the County of York; and for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said Moor.

59. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Chippenham Bridge in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togg Hill in the County of Gloucester and from Chippenham Bridge aforesaid, to the Top of Old Sodbury Hill in the said County of Gloucester.

60. An Act for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from the West End of Upton Bridge in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of Tirley in the County of Gloucester, and to the Parish of Colwall in the County of Hereford, and to the further Side of a Place called The Rid Green in the Road to the City of Worcester, and through a Place called Roberts End Street, to Malvern Chase in the said County of Worcester.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 25 Georgii II.

1. AN Act for enabling George Oxenden Esquire, and his Heirs, to use the Surname, Arms and Crest of Dixwell, pursuant to the Will of Sir Basil Dixwell Baronet, deceased.

2. An Act for enabling William Duke of Devonshire, to make Provision for his younger Sons, out of his Estate in the County at Huntingdon.

3. An Act for supplying certain Defects and Omissions in a Settlement of the Family Estates of Peregrine Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven, by enabling him to raise Portions thereout for his Daughters, in the Manner therein mentioned.

4. An act for impowering the Trustees of the Will of William late Marquess of Powis, to make Sales, Exchanges, and Leases of divers Parts of his Estate, for the purposes therein mentioned, and for making the Exemplification of the same Will, and attested Copies of the Inrollment thereof, Evidence in all Courts in Great Britain.

5. An Act to enable the Right Honourable William Lord Blantyre, and the Heirs of Entail for the time being, to alienate, by way of Exchange or Excambion, certain Lands in the Constabulary of Hadington, and Shire of Edinburgh.

6. An Act for confirming a Lease or Grant, made by the Devisees of the Real Estate late of the Right Honourable Bussy, late Lord Mansel, in the County of Glamorgan, to Rowland Pytt Iron-master, for certain purposes therein expressed.

7. An Act for Sale of certain Estates in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, comprised in the Marriage Settlements of Sir William Harbord Baronet, and Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the like Uses in lieu, thereof.

8. An Act for providing and securing Portions and Maintenance for the younger Sons and Daughter of Sir Thomas Heathcote Baronet.

9. An Act for vesting divers Manors and Lands in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, devised by the Will of the late Sir John Bland Baronet, deceased, in the present Sir John Bland, in Fee-simple, discharged of the Trust of the said Will, and for settling an Estate in the County of York, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same.

10. An Act for Sale of Part of the intailed Estate of Sir George Mackenzie Knight deceased, lying in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

11. An Act for vesting diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Oxford, devised by the Will and Codicil of Nathaniel Bacon Esquire, deceased, in Edward Bacon Esquire, in Fee-simple, and for settling an Estate in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value to the Uses limited by the same Will and Codicil.

12. An Act to impower the Guardians of William Wyndham Esquire, an Infant, to make Leases and of Grants of his Estates, in the Manor of Uphaven, and in Lufton and Odcomhe in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, during his Minority.

13. An Act for Sale of the Moiety of the Manor of Icombe, Part of the settled Estate of Richard Hopton Esquire, and others, and laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of an entire Estate, to be settled to the same Uses.

14. An Act to impower the Committee or Committees of Thomas Southcote Esquire, a Lunatic, for the Time being, to make Leases and of Grants of his Estates, in the Counties of Berks, Essex and Surry, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

15. An Act for vesting the Real Estate of William Barnesley Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for the Benefit of William Barnesly Esquire, his only Son and Heir, who is a Lunatic; and for raising Money to pay the Costs of several Suits and Proceedings at Law, and in Equity, brought for Recovery of the said Estate.

16. An Act for vesting the Manor of Stepney, and diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of John Wicker Esquire, in him and his Heirs, and for settling Lands in the Counties of Sussex, Surrey and Kent, in lieu thereof, to the Uses of that Settlement.

17. An Act to impower John Prrston Merchant, to make a Jointure on any future Marriage.

18. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, to compound with George Whitehead of Bristol, Merchant, and his Sureties, John whitehead and Thomas Whitehead, a Debt due to the Crown for Customs for Tobacco.

19. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Daniel Lascelles of London, Merchant, with Elizabeth Southwicke, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Benson Gentleman, with Jane Board his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Manor of Crowland, in the County of Lincoln, to Trustees, in Trust for Thomas Orly Hunter Esquire, and his Heirs, upon a full and valuable Consideration to be paid for the same.

22. An Act to extinguish the Right of the Lord of the Manor of Ombersley, in the County of Worcester, of keeping a Warren for Conies on Linall Common, the Birchin Valley, and the Lyth, and for securing to the said Lord the Rent now paid for the same; and for annexing and uniting the said Birchin Valley to several ancient Copyholds, or customary Tenements, within the said Manor.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Common Meadows of Narborow, otherwise Narborough, in the County of Leicester,

24. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for inclosing and dividing certain Wastes and Commons in the Manor of Ridley, in the County of Northumberland.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common grounds and Waste Grounds, in the Hamlet of Drayton, within the Parish of Daventry, in the County of Northampton.

26. An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement, for the inclosing and dividing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the townships of Snaith, Cowick and Rawcliffe, in the County of York.

27. An Act for inclosing and dividing Wytham on the Hill Infield, in the County of Lincoln, and for settling a Stipend on the Vicar in lieu of Glebe and Tythes.

28. An Act to impower Richard Chandler Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and their Issue, to take and use the Surname of Cavendish.

29. An Act to enable John Cave, now called John Browne, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Browne.

30. An Act to enable Michael Archer Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Newton only, and to take and use the Coat of Arms of the Family of Newton.

31. An Act for naturalizing Jane Magdalen Robelon.

32. An Act for naturalizing Francis Degen.

33. An Act for naturalizing John Matthias Miller.

34. An Act for naturalizing Frederick William Commerell, John Anthony Toopkin and Christian Gottlieb Moser.

35. An Act for naturalizing Christian Samuel Geledneki.

36. An Act for naturalizing Philip Denoyer.

37. An Act for naturalizing James Fremeaux Merchant.

38. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Girardot.

39. An Act for naturalizing Peter Auriol and David Pratviel of London, Merchants.

40. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Annibal Leques, and Frederick Charles Augustus Blomberg.

41. An Act for naturalizing Johan Meybohm.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 26 Geo. II

1. AN Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three; and for enlarging the Time limited by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for subscribing Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, into the joint Stock of Annuities therein mentioned.

2. An Act to amend an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better Recovery of the Penalties inflicted upon Persons who defray the Game, by enlarging the Time within which Suits and Actions are to be brought by Force of the said Act.

3. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

4. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three.

5. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

6. An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarentine; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from Foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man.

7. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Boston, and Skirbeck Quarter, and the Parishes of Boston and Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln,

8. An Act for opening the Port of Exeter for the Importation of Wool, and Woollen Yarn, from Ireland.

9. An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual, an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery; and for regulating the said Fishery according to the Calendar now in Use, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

10. An Act for enlarging the Time, and continuing the Duties granted by several Acts of Parliament for Repairs of the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the County of York; and for making the said Acts more effectual.

11. An Act for permitting the Exportation of Wool, and Woollen or Bay Yarn, from any Port in Ireland, to any Port in Great Britain.

12. An Act to prevent Wines imported into any of the Out-ports of this Kingdom, being afterwards brought into the Port of London, or Parts adjacent, without paying the London Duty.

13. An Act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco by Land or Water, and for the Ease of the fair Trader in Tobacco; and for ascertaining the Rates payable for the Portage of certain Letters; and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail.

14. An Act for the settling and ascertaining the Fees to be taken by Clerks to Justices of the Peace.

15. An Act for allowing Interest upon certain Debentures for the Bounty granted on the Exportation of Corn.

16. An Act for reducing the Number of Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America; and for encouraging the Fishery; for regulating the Election of the Governors and Directors of the said Company.

17. An Act for the more effectual levying of the Duties upon Windows or Lights, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

18. An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas.

19. An Act for enforcing the Laws against Persons who shall steal or detain shipwrecked Goods; and for the Relief of Persons suffering Losses thereby.

20. An Act for encouraging and improving the Manufactory of Linen in the Highlands of Scotland.

21. An Act for encouraging the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Velvets, Wrought Silks, and Silks mixed with other Materials, not manufactured in Great Britain.

22. An Act for the Purchase of the Museum, or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian Collection of manuscripts; and for providing one General Repository for the better Reception and more convenient Use of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions thereto.

23. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Surplus Moneys remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for enlarging the Time limited by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for subscribing Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, into the Joint Stock of Annuities; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees and Lessees.

25. An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude; and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act.

26. An Act to permit Persons professing the Jewish Religion, to be naturalized by Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

27. An Act to confirm certain Acts and Orders made by Justices of the Peace being of the Quorum, notwithstanding any Defect in not expressing therein, that such Justices of the Peace are of the Quorum.

28. An Act for the preventing of the Inconveniences and Dangers that may arise from the present Methods of digging Gravel, Sand, Stone, Chalk and other Materials, on the several Commons and Waste Grounds within this Kingdom, for the Repair of the Highways, and for other Purposes.

29. An Act to explain, amend and continue, the provisions made by two Acts of Parliament of the nineteenth and twenty-first Years of his Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and to make Provision for the more speedy ascertaining the lawful Debts or Claims upon the Lands and Hereditaments, that sometime belonged to Alexander Robertson of strotv an, which, with other forfeited Estates, are, by an Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, annexed to the Crown unalienable.

30. An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto.

31. An Act for regulating the Manner of licensing ale houses in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for the more easy convicting Persons selling Ale, and other Liquors, without Licence.

32. An Act for continuing several Laws relating to the Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the Drawback of the Duties upon Copper Bars exported; and to the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth; and also for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America, and for vacating the Security for the Duty on Salt lost in any River, or in Port, after shipped, and for enlarging the Time for proving the Loss of Salt; and for Relief of Masters of Ships with respect to the Importation of Soap and Candles, contrary to an Act made in the twenty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign; and also for the more effectual Payment of the Bounties upon British made Sail Cloth; and to impower the Commissioners of the Treasury to direct the Payment of the Bounty to John Henniker, and others, upon four Ships fitted out for the Whale Fishery, and lost in the Greenland Seas, and also to Philip How, and others, upon two Ships employed in the said Fishery, notwithstanding some of the Forms required by Law in fitting out such Ships were not complied with.

33. An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages.

34. An Act to explain, amend and continue several Laws more effectually to prevent the spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom; for the more effectual paying the Expenses of passing Vagrants; for obviating Doubts that may arise touching the keeping of Prisoners until the Prison of the Marshalsea of the Court of King's Bench shall be rebuilt or repaired; and for amending so much of the Act of the twenty-fourth of his present Majesty, for regulating the Commencement of the Year and for correcting the Calendar now in Use, as relates to the Time of electing public Officers of the City of Chester.

35. An Act for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and Sir John Glynne Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Hawarden, and several Freeholders and Occupiers of Land within the said Manor; and for explaining and amending three several Acts of Parliament of the sixth, fourteenth and seventeenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the said River Dee.

36. An Act for erecting several public Buildings in the City of Edinburgh, and to impower the trustees therein mentioned, to purchase Lands for that Purpose; and also for widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading thereunto.

37. An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Penrith in the County of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall, over Skelton and Castlesowerby Pastures, and Sebrakam Bridge, to Chalkbeck in the said County; and also the Road which branches and separates from the same Road upon Castlesowerby Pasture aforesaid, and leads from thence through Hesket, otherwise Hesket New Market, to Caldbeck in the said County,

38. An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish.

39. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the town of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, to the several Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively.

40. An Act for repairing the Roads from the City of Carlisle, to the Town of Penrith in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith, to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland,

41. An Act for continuing and making more effectual three Acts of Parliament, passed in the ninth and twelfth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford; and also for repairing the Road from the Sign of the White Horse to the Sign of the King's Arms in Hockliffe aforesaid

42. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Seend street, in the county of Wilts, to the Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the said County.

43. An Act for enlarging the churchyard of the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex.

44. An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or sold, within the Town of Dysart, and Liberties thereof, and all Places adjacent, lying within three hundred Yards of the Boundaries of the said Liberties, for repairing, improving and preserving the Harbour of the said Town.

45. An Act for building a new Church within the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

46. An Act for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leiceste, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch in the said County.

47. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Market-house in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop and Warwick respectively,

48. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to Tyne Bridge in the said County.

49. An Act for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Seaport Town of Workington in the said County.

50. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Redstone Ferry, in the County of Worcester, to the Hundred House; from thence to Monksbridge, in the Road to the Town of Tenbury; and from the said Hundred House, to the said Town of Tenbury in the said County.

51. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Place called Basing-stone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surry, through Frimly and Farnham, in the same County; and from thence through Bentley, Hollyhorn, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bishop's Sutton, New Alresford and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton.

52. An Act for widening and repairing the Highroad leading from Heron Syke, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, to the Town of Kirkby in Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby in Kendal, through the Town of Shapp, to Emont Bridge, in the said County of Westmorland.

53. An Act to continue and render more effectual three Acts of Parliament, passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the third and twenty second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sherbrook Hill, near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the Road from the School House in Didsbury, to the Bridge in Wimslow, in the County of Chester, and for erecting a Bridge over the River Mersey.

54. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimwell Vent, in the Parish of Ticehurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of Hastings, in th said County.

55. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex.

56. An Act for continuing and giving futher Powers to the Trustees for putting in Execution two Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

57. An Act for raising a Sum of Money by a County Rate, for purchasing a proper Prison for Debtors in the County of Devon.

58. An Act for building a Chapel on the Common, in the Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton, and for vesting Power in certain Trustees for the Regulation thereof.

59. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby.

60. An Act for repairing and widening the road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Halfway House, in the Parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid.

61. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Ealand, to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

62. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Henshalls Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere and Bucklow Hill, to the Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester; and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster; and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid, to Penny's Lane, near Northwich, in the said County of Chester.

63. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place in the Town of Salford, to the Towns of Warrington and Bolton, and through Wardley Lane, to the Town of Wigan, and to the Stocks in the Township of Duxbury, and to a Place called the Broad Oak, in Worseley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

64. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Tadcaster, through Newton, Collingham, Harewood, Arthington and Pool, to Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

65. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the nineteenth Year of the the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpool to Prescot, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also for repairing the Road from Prescot, through Whiston, Rainhill, Bold and Sankey, to the Town of Warrington, and also the Road from Saint Helen to Ashton, in the said County Palatine.

66. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of Winterslow, to Harnham Bridge, in the County of Wilts; and from the West Corner of Saint Anne's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Land ford and Brook; and from thence to Ealing, and from Land ford aforesaid, through Ower and Testwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of Southampton.

67. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of Borough under Stainmore, in the County of Westmorland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Emont Bridge in the said County.

68. An Act for amending, widening and repairing the Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, in the County of Kent.

69. An Act for repairing, and widening the Road from the Halfway House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads, round the said Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset.

70. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Hand and Post in Upton Field, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford, through the several Parishes within mentioned, to a Place in the Parish of Preston, in the County of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy.

71. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Shepton Malet and Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset.

72. An Act for continuing and making more effectual two Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, in the County of Suffolk, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the Road from Cleydon aforesaid, to Codenham Beacon, in the said County.

73. An Act to continue and render more effectual two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch, to the Bottom of Mereden Hill, in the County of Warwick, and for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Mereden Hill aforesaid, to Stone Bridge, in the said County.

74. An Act for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter.

75. An Act for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Northallerton, to the South Wall of the Churchyard of the Town of Thirsk, and from the South East End of the Street called Finkell Street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the Town of Easingwold, in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone, near the City of York; and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid, to Topcliffe, in the North Riding of the County of York.

76. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Pipers Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the County of Somerset, to and through Glaston, otherwise Glastonbury and Wells, to the Direction or White Post, in the great Western Road to the City of Bath; and also from Wells to Rush Hill, leading to the City of Bristol.

77. An Act to explain and make more effectual an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, For repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferry Bridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferry Bridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Borough Bridge in the County of York.

78. An Act to widen and repair the Road from the Guide Post near the End of Drayton Lane, near Banbury in the County of Oxford, to the House called the Sun Rising, at the Top of Edge Hill in the County of Warwick.

79. An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or a sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or sold within the Town and Parish of Preston Pans in the Shire of East Lothian, otherwise Haddingtoun, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

80. An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse, and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned in the County of Middlesex.

81. An Act for repairing the Roads from Livingstoun, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and by the Town of Hamilton, to the Town of Strathaven.

82. An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at Buckton Burn in the County of Durham, through Berwick upon Tweed, to Lammerton Hill, and also the several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick.

83. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Kighley to Wakefield and Halifax, and from Dudley Hill to Killinghall, and the Southwest Corner of Harrowgate Inclosures, and more effectually to repair the Roads from Leeds to Halifax, and Fowling Lane, and Little Horton Lane, and for building a Bridge over the River Wharf at Pool in the West Riding of the County of York.

84. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy in the Township of Elton, through the Town of Middlewich, and by Spittle Hill in Stanthorne, to Winsford Bridge; and from Spittle Hill, to the Town of Northwich in the County Palatine of Chester.

85. An Act for repairing the Road from Ashby de la Zouch in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon Trent in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn in Tutbury in the said County.

86. An Act for repairing, amending and widening the Road from Kieghley in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal in the County of Westmorland.

87. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Stones End near Shoreditch Church, to the Centre of the Bridge in Old-Street Road, and through Old-Street in the Parish of Saint Luke, Middlesex, to the West End of the said Street, next the Pavement in Goswell-Street.

88. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Oundle in the County of Northampton, to Alconbury cum Weston in the County of Huntingdon, from Barnwell in the said County of Northampton, to Alconbury cum Weston aforesaid, and from the Mile Brook in Hamerton, to Wood Lane End, next the Parish of Great Gidding in the said County of Huntingdon.

89. An Act for explaining, amending and making more effectual, two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tees in the County of Durham, to Darlington, and from thence through Winstone, to Bernard Castle in the said County, and the other passed in the twenty second Year of his said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said first mentioned Act, and for the effectual amending of the said Road.

90. An Act for repairing several Roads, leading into the City of Glasgow.

91. An Act for repairing the Road from North Queen's Ferry, through the Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross, to the Town of Perth, and also the Road from the said Queen's Ferry, to the Towns of Dunfermline, Torryburn and Culross; and also the Road from the said Queen's ferry, through Inverkeithing, to Bruntisland and Kirkaldie.

92. An Act for repairing, amending and widening the several Roads leading from the Red Post in the Parish of Fivehead, through the Towns of Langport and Somerton, to Butwell; and also from Curry Rivell to Puckington Lane, and from Cary Bridge to Street Cross in the County of Somerset.

93. An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads in the County of Peebles, leading from Tweed Cross towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blithe Bridge, La Mancha and Wheam, and by Linton and Carlops, and from Ingleston through Carlops, until all the said Roads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh.

94. An Act to enable the Owners of Houses and Lands in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, and the Inhabitants thereof, to repair the Church and Steeple belonging to the said Parish.

95. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Catherick Bridge in the County of York, to Yarm in the said County, and from thence to Stockton in the County Durham; and from thence through Sedgefield in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham.

96. An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or sold within the Town of Paisley, and Liberties thereof in the County of Renfrew, for improving the Navigation of the River Cart, and for other purposes.

97. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, and for cleaning the Streets and repairing the Highways within the said Parish.

98. An Act more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Christchurch in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire or erect, a Workhouse for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein.

99. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for enlightening the Streets, Passages and open Places, within the City of Chichester, and several Places adjoining thereto, and the Close within the said City.

100. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parish of East Greenwich in the County of Kent, and for repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets thereof.

101. An Act to enable James Mallors to open a Street from the West Side of King's Street in the Parish of Saint Margaret in the City of Westminster, to the back Part of the Houses, Gardens and Yards, on the West Side of Delahaye Street in the same Parish, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 26 Geo. II

1. AN Act for naturalizing Frederick Hoffgaard.

2. An Act to enable John Peploe Birch, an Infant, heretofore called John Peploe, to take and use the Surname of Peploe Birch only, pursuant to the Will of Samuel Birch Esquire, deceased.

3. An Act for enabling Abraham Charleton Esquire, now called Abraham Cumberbatch, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Cumberbatch.

4. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Boumeester, James Rilliet, Anthony Bertrand, Frederick Teise, Francis Brouzet and George Grand.

5. An Act to naturalise John Henry Schoen, Peter Rodolph, George Alexander Fatio, William Du Bois, William Konink and Henry Klausing.

6. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Valk.

7. An Act for naturalizing Beat Rodolph Victor Nerbel.

8. An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will of Henry late Earl of Shelburne in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

9. An Act for settling a yearly Rent on the Rector of Pusey in the County of Berks, and his Successors, in lieu of his Tythes, and Part of his Glebe, and vesting the said Tythes and Glebe in John Allen Pusey Esquire, and his Heirs.

10. An Act for Sale of diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Gloucester, devised by the Will of Alice Gilbert, Spinster, for raising Money to discharge several Debts and Legacies, and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the Uses of her Will.

11. An Act for Sale of an undivided Share of Tythes in the Isle of Wight, settled on John Foyle Small, Mary Small his Wife, and John Small their Son, an Infant, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of an Estate in the County of Gloucester, to be settled to the same Uses.

12. An Act to enable Theodore William Inge Esquire, to make Building Leases of Part of his settled Estate, situate in or near Birmingham in the County of Warwick.

13. An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing Canswick, alias Watlas Moor in the County of York.

14. An Act for dividing, inclosing and reducing into Severalty, the Lands in the Common Fields, Common Grounds, Pasture or Feeding Grounds, and all other the Lands lying open in the Parish of Quennington in the County of Gloucester.

15. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common, Open and Arable Fields, Meadows and Waste Grounds in the Hamlet of Hinton in the Parish of Woodford cum Membris In the County of Northampton.

16. An Act to naturalise John James Schweighauser, David Girard, Christian Von Hohendorff, John Lewis Andre and Andrew Sellon.

17. An Act for naturalizing of John David Barlutt and Fortunatus Planta.

18. An Act to naturalise Mary Sybella Harrison.

19. An Act for vesting the undivided twelfth Part of Ann Jekyll, an Infant, in the Real Estate of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the Purchasers thereof, under a Decree of the Court of Chancery.

20. An Act for vesting one undivided fourth Part of Elizabeth Knight, of and in diverse Manors, Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York, late the Estate of Robert Plompton Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same for the Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act for vesting the Estate of Edmund Moreton Pleydell Esquire, in Trustees, to settle the same, pursuant to an Agreement made previous to the Marriage of Edmund Moreton Pleydell the younger, Esquire, with Anne his Wife, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

22. An Act to enable Evelyn Chadwicke Esquire, and his Wife, and their Issue, to make Building Leases of Part of his settled Estate in the Parishes of Saint James, Westminster, and Saint Martin in the Fields.

23. An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles for the Sale of the Manor, or reputed Manor, and diverse Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, at Kexby in the County of York, late the Estate of Charles Headlam Esquire, deceased, and for vesting the undivided third Part or Share of Ann Headlam, Spinster, an Infant, of and in the said Manor and Premises, in Trustees, in Trust to convey the same pursuant to the said Articles, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for confirming an Agreement between George Pitt Esquire, and the Rector of the Church of Stratfieldsea in the County of Southampton, for Exchange of Lands in the said Parish, and to enable George Pitt to take down the present, and erect a new Parish Church there; and for making Roads to the said Church.

25. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Prebendary of the Prebend of Stillington, and Stephen Croft Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York.

26. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Ennever Gentleman, with Mary Cornwell his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

27. An Act for exchanging, dividing, inclosing and reducing into Severalty, the Lands, Common Grounds, Pastures, Feeding Grounds, and other the Lands and Grounds lying and being in the Manor and Parish of Eastlech-martin, otherwise Botherup in the County of Gloucester, and for making a Recompense in compensation to the Rector in lieu of his Tythes and Glebe Lands.

28. An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement for inclosing and dividing certain Common and Waste Grounds in the Manor of Loathley in the County of York.

29. An Act for inclosing and dividing certain wastes and Commons in the Manor of Hexham in the County of Northumberland.

30. An Act for enabling John Latchmore, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Frye.

31. An Act for naturalizing Christian Maurice Rodatz.

32. An Act for Sale of an Estate at Bretherton in the County of Lancaster, pursuant to the Will of John late Earl of Ashburnham deceased, and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for confirming and establishing a Partition of several Manors, Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York, belonging to Sir Cyril Wich Baronet, Elizabeth Wilson and Mary Burton respectively, and a Settlement made thereof, for the Benefit of the several Parties entitled to the several undivided Shares thereof before such Partition.

34. An Act to impower the Guardians of Francis Fitz Roy Scudamore, an Infant, to make Building Leases of her Estate in Southwark in the County of Surry.

35. An Act for sale of the undivided Moieties of diverse Manors, Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Suffolk, the settled Estate of Matthew Manning, Doctor in Physick, for raising Money to discharge a Mortgage Debt affecting the same, and for laying out the Surplus thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned.

36. An Act for vesting the Parts or Shares late belonging to Benjamin Brain, Merchant, deceased, of and in one twenty-fourth Part of the Eastern Division of the Province of New Jersey in America, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

37. An Act for vesting the Advowson of Long Ditton in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

38. An Act for vesting the Estate late of William Rawstorn Esquire, at Basseldon in the County of Berks, in Trustees, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will.

39. An Act to enable John Craigie of Dumbarine Esquire, to sell Lands in the County of Perth, and lay out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of Lands contiguous to other Lands of the said John Craigie in the County of Fife, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

40. An Act to impower William Hunt Grubbe Esquire, to make Leases of certain Estates in the County of Wilts, and for vesting the Moneys arising by Fines to be received for such Leases, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

41. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Estate of Valentine Knightley, Esquire, in the County of Northampton, in the said Valentine Knightly, and his Heirs, and for settling other Estates in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

42. An Act for confirming the Will of Littleton Pointz Meynell Esquire, deceased, and for making Provision for Godfrey Meynell Esquire, his eldest Son and Heir, and Judith

Meynell his Daughter; and for enabling Hugo Meynell Esquire, his second Son and Devisee, to make a Jointure during his Minority, and for settling the Estates of the said Littleton Pointz Meynell to the Uses therein mentioned.

43. An Act for raising Money by Sale of the Estates late of Hugh Fowler of Robestone, in the county of Pembroke, Esquire, deceased, to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same, and for making a Partition of such Estates, or so much thereof as shall not be sold, for the Purposes aforesaid.

44. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Samuel Low, Esquire, with Elizabeth Rogers his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

45. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, to compound with John Philpot and John Hutchinson, and their Sureties, a Debt due to the Crown for Customs for Tobacco.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common called Felton Common, in the Parish of Felton, in the County of Northumberland.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Hilmorton, in the County of Warwick.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 27 Georgii II.

1. AN Act to repeal an Act of the twenty sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to permit Persons professing the Jewish Religion to be naturalised by Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four.

3. An Act for the better securing to Constables, and others, the Expenses of conveying Offenders to Gaol; and for allowing the Charges of poor Persons bound to give Evidence against Felons.

4. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four.

5. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

6. An Act to repeal a Proviso in an Act made in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better adjusting and more easy Recovery of the Wages of certain Servants, and for the better Regulation of such Servants, and of certain Apprentices, which provides that the said Act shall not extend to the Stannaries in Devon and Cornwall.

7. An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Clocks and Watches.

8. An Act for improving and enlarging the Harbour of Leith, and to impower the Trustees therein mentioned to purchase Lands for that Purpose; for erecting Docks and and other Conveniences on the Sides thereof.

9. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and for the Punishment of Offences committed in the East Indies, or at the Island of Saint Helena.

10. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Surplus Moneys remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; and for the further Disposition of the said Sinking Fund, by paying the reout the Remainder of the Sum advanced on the Credit of the Duty on Sweets, and the Interest thereof; and for carrying the said Duty to the said Fund; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

11. An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money; and for removing Doubts concerning the Continuance of the Duty of twenty Shillings for every Tonne of Brandy Wines and Strong Waters imported.

12. An Act for improving and preferring the Navigation from Salter's Load Sluice in the County of Norfolk, to Starndground Sluice in the County of Huntingdon; and from Flood's Ferry in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge, to Ramsey High Load in the said County of Huntingdon; and also the Navigation from Old Bedford Sluice in the said County of Norfolk, to the River Nene in the Parish of Ramsey, in the said County of Huntingdon.

13. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

14. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the distemper now raging among the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

15. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed and disguised, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects; and for the speedy bringing the Offenders to justice.

16. An Act for making perpetual several Laws for Punishment of Persons destroying Turnpikes, Locks, or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament; and that all Acts made for erecting Courts of Conscience, shall be deemed Public Acts; and to impower a certain Number of the Trustees of the British Museum to do certain Acts; and for confirming the Table of Fees to be taken by the Clerks to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices; and for filing Affidavits of the Execution of Contracts of Clerks to attornies and Solicitors; and for preventing Persons driving certain Carriages from riding upon such Carriages.

17. An Act for revesting in the Crown the Power of appointing the Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court of King's Bench; and for the better regulation of that Office, and of the inferior Offices thereto belonging; and for rebuilding the King's Bench Prison.

18. An Act to continue several Laws for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed or written, and printed in Great Britain; for the free Importation of Cochineal or Indico, and relating to Rice, Frauds in the Customs, the clandestine Running of Goods, and to Copper Ore; and for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; and to authorise the Payment of the Bounty to Alexander Brown and others, upon a Ship fitted out for the Whale Fishery, and lost in the Greenland Seas; and for the more effectual Payment of the Bounties upon British made Sail Cloth to Robert Donald and others.

19. An Act for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln, and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to discharge the Proposition of the said North Level, in the Debts of the said Corporation; and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level; and for the more effectual draining and preferring the said North Level, and diverse Lands adjoining thereto in the Manor of Crowland.

20. An Act for the more easy and effectual proceeding upon Distresses to be made by Warrants of Justices of the Peace.

21. An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Hockcliffe in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford in the County of Buckingham.

---

22. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Cojlock, otherwise Cortlingjlock Lane, to the Bridges commonly known by the Name of Coats Bridges, in the County of Leicester; and for making the said Act more effectual.

23. An Act for repairing and widening the read from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapfon, to Wellingborough in the County of Northampton.

24. An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uckfidd in the County of Suffer:, to Langney Bridge in the Parish of jvtftham in the said County.

25. An Act for the better enlightening and cleansing the open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Railages and Courts, within the Parish of Saint Luke in the County of Middlesex, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels; and for repairing the Highways within the said Parish.

26. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in the ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint dunstan's Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to the jvatcr side at Whitstable in the County of Kent.

27. An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow.

28. An Act for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, For repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough in the County of Leicester, Borough Desborough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave and Thrapston, in the County of Northampton; and through Bythorne, Spaldwick and Ellington, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon.

29. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highroad from pierce bridge to Kirkmerrington, in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudhoe Lane End in the said County; and for making the same more effectual.

30. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester, to and by the North Side of the Town of Uppingham in the County of Rutland; and to tvansford\n the County of Northampton, and from thence to Peterborough in the said County of Northampton.

31. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the toll gate in the Parish of Kettering, through the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and through Oiney over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks; and for repairing and widening, or rebuilding the said Sherrington Bridge.

32. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Entrenchment on afkerfiucll bill, oppolke to chilcomb Farm, through the Town of Bridport to Penn Inn, and from Bridport aforesaid to the Town of Beaminster, in the County of Dorset; and also the Road from Penn Inn aforesaid, through the Town of Axminster, to the Workhouse at the East End of the Town of Honiton in the County of Devon.

33. An Act for repairing and widening the Highroad from tvejivjood gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of ri/jhden and Higham Ferrers, and Gver artleborough bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave lane, in the Parish of Earton seagrave, in the County of Northampton.

34. An Act for repairing and widening the Highroad from a Place called Saint Loyds, in the Town of Bedford, through the Parishes of Bromham, Stagfden, afii ood, hard mead and Chichley, to the Way Poll in Sherrington Field, where the said Road joins the Highroad from the Town of Oiney to the Town of Ncivport Pagnell, and also the Highroad from Bromham aforesaid, through the Parishes of Titrvy and Colebrayfield, to the Town of Launder, otherwise Lavenden, in the Counties of Bedford and Buckingham; and for applying Part of the Money arising thereby towards repairing, rebuilding or widening, Sherrington Bridge, in the Road from the said Way Poll, to the said Town of Newport Pagnell.

35. An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed for Sale, vended or sold within the Town and Barony of Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan; and also a Duty of Anchorage for Ships and vessels anchoring in the Harbour of the said Town, for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour.

36. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester in the said County, and Feckcnbam, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester; and from Alcester through Great Coughlon and Crabs Cross in the said County of ivanvich, and through Heveell Lane and Burcott, to the Cross of Hands on a Common called the Leeihay, and out of Heivell Lane through Church Lane and Tutncll to Bromsgrove, in the said County of 7vo reefer.

37. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rochdale in the County Palatine of Lancaster, leading over a certain Craggy Mountain called black/lone Edge in the same County; and from thence to the Towns of Halifax and Ealaml in the County of York.

38. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford in the County of Kent, and in the Parish of Saint Paul Deptford in the Counties of Kent and Surry; and for repairing the Highways, and paving and cleansing the Streets, in the said Parishes.

39. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, Rutland, and through Rockingham, to the Boivling Green at Kettering in the County of Northampton.

40. An Act for opening, making, widening and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliff Highway, through Cannons Street in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex; and also from the Weir End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper shad well Street into the Back Lane in the said County of Middlesex.

41. An Act for amending and widening several Roadsj leading from the Borough of Truro in the County of Cornwall.

42. An Act for repairing and widening the Road fromir/ ccfler to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to Maityn's Gutter, leading towards Stoncleigh Town; and for supplying an Omiiion in an Act passed in the Inst Session of Parliament for repairing the Road from Leicester to ashby de la Touch in the County of Leicester.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 27 Georgii II.

1. AN Act to enable John Granger Esquire, and his Heirs to take and use the Surname of Leman, and to bear the Anns of Sir William Leman deceased.

2. An Act for naturalizing John Isaac Bazin, Lewis Ogier, Peter Gtuinard, and others.

3. An act for naturalizing Frederick Van Gehren.

4. An Act for naturalizing Casper Grevenkop.

5. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Vicar of Gilling, and James Shuttleworth Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

6. An Act for vesting the Estate of William Kemp Esquire, deceased in Trustees, to be sold pursuant to Articles, and for applying the purchase money for the Benefit of the Children of the said William Kemp, in such Manner as is directed by the said Articles.

7. An Act to impower the Committee of the Estate of Elizabeth Kitchen Widow, a Lunatic, one of the Sillers and Coheirs of Sir Samuel Newman Baronet, deceased, to make Leases of her Estate during her Lunacy.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing Part of a certain waste or Common, called Synunilburn Common, in the Manor and Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Pieces, Common Grounds and Waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Welton, in the County of Northampton.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing Great Shilaon Common, or Shildon Moor, within the Manor and Barony of Byuiell, in the County of Northumberland.

11. An Act for establishing, and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Common Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Normanton, in the County of Lincoln.

12. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, to compound with Thomas Squire, Robert Luces, and Robert Stevenson, a Debt due to the Crown from Philip Chapman, for which they are Sureties.

13. An Act to enable John Lade, heretofore called John Injkdb, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Lade only, pursuant to the Will of Sir John Lade Baronet, deceased.

14. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Mcurgue, Merchant, ard Amy Rilliet.

15. An Act for naturalizing John Ulric Comercll.

16. An Act for naturalizing pctulbonifas.

17. An Act to enable Wiliam Loid Cavendish of Hnrdwyck, to take in England the Oath of Office of High Trcilurer of Ireland, and to qualify himself here in England for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office.

18. An Act for Sale of a Capital messuage in Lincoln's Inn Fields, in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, and the Garden Ground and out houses thereunto belonging (Part of the Estate of the most Noble Charles late Duke of Somerset, deceased) and vesting the same in Edmund Brown of Lincoln's Inn Esquire, and his Pleirs for ever, and for laying out the purchase money in Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses, and upon the like Trusts, as the said Capital messuage and prerr.ifies are now settled, and subject unto.

19. An Act for vesting the Manor of Hendon, settled on the Marriage of the Earl and Countess of Powis on them and their Blue, in Trustees, to be sold towards discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of William late Marquis of Powis; and for settling the Barony and Lordship of Pelvis, in the County of Montgomery, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a Conveyance in fee-farm, made by Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, of the Manor of Mount Eagle Loyal, and diverse Towns, Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Kerry, and making the same Conveyance effectual.for the part?'is therein mentioned.

21. An Act for vesting diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Somerset, contrasted to be sold by Hugh late Earl of Clinton, in his lifetime, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the several Purchasers thereof, pursuant to their Contrasts.

22. An Act for impowering Trustees to cut down and fell Timber Handing and growing upon the Estate of Inheritance of Thomas James Lord Bulkeley, Viscount Cashels, in the Kingdom of Ireland, an Infant, in order to raise Money for discharging Incumbrances affecting the said Estate, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

23. An Act to enable Charles Fitzroy Scudamore Esquire, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office as Cursitor, or Cleftc, or Ingrofterof original Writs issuing out of his Majest; s High Court of Chancery in the Kingdom of Irciant. and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Office.

24. An Act for vesting the Estate of George Pitt Esquire in the County of Suffolk, and Part of his Estate in the Me of Purbeck, in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, to sell the same, and to apply the purchase money for discharging Incumbrances affecting his settled Estate, and for making Recompense to him for the Charges and Expenses of making Buildings and Improvements upon the same Estate.

25. An Act for vesting the undivided sixth Part of Robert Celebrooke Esquire, of and in the Manor of goldjlone, and diverse Lands in the Parish of ash in the County of Kent, in Trustees, and their Heirs, to enable them to make such Conveyances thereof, as shall be necessary for effecting a Partition agreed upon between the said Robert Colebrooke, and the Owners of the other undivided Parts of the same Manor and Premisses.

26. An Act for impowering Ann Speak an Infant, to make Leases and of Grants of her Estatesin the County of Somerset, during her Minority, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

27. An Act for Sale of the settled Estates of Sir Theophilus Biddulph Baronet, in the County of Stafford, and City and County of the City of Litchfield, for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same, and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned.

2s. An Act for vesting certain Estates of Sir Isaac Lawrence jvooilajhn Baronet, an Infant, situate in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and Norfolk, in Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged, to raise Monty for the Payment of his fillers Portions, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

29. An Act for V fling the Estates of John Pour I Pryeir Esquire, in the County of Montgomery, comprised in his Marriage Articles, in Trustees, to raise Money by Sale of Part thereof, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same, and for settling outer Part thereof pursuant to the said Articles.

30. An Act for vesting a Lease granted by the Dean and

of the STATUTES.

Chapter of Canterbury, to Ann Tenifon Widow, deceased, of the Manor of Elverton. with the Appurtenances, in the County of Kent, in Peter Saint Eloy, and samuel Smith, in Trust for Thomas Tenifon, an Infant, and his Heirs, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Robert Barber Esquire, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances, and for impowering him to sell and exchange other Parts of the settled Estates for the purchasing and acquiring other Lands of equal or greater Value, to be settled in lieu thereof.

32. An Act for exempting and exonerating the Estates devised by the Will o William Huddleflon Esquire, deceased, to be sold, from the Jointure on Gertrude Rigby, Wife of Townley Rigby Esquire, and for charging an Annuity or rent charge of equal Value on the Estates entailed by the said Will, and more effectually to enable the trustees of the said William Hudleston to execute the Trusts reposed in them by the said Will.

33. An Act for establishing and rendering effectual several Settlements and Agreements made and entered into by Hugh Barker the younger, Esquire, deceased, for making a Provision for his Mother and Wife, and their Children respectively.

34. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Charles Daly Esquire, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees to be sold for the Payment of Incumbrances affecting the same, prior to his Marriage Settlement.

35. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles wymonde sold Esquire, with Henrietta Knight his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

36. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Peter Henley Esquire, with Srfannah Roberts his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

37. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Maydwell with Catherine Perrin his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

38. An Act for naturalizing Mary Noguier Widow, and for qualifying and enabling her, out of the Estate devised by the Will of John Noguier her Husband, to make a Provision for Anthony Noguier her only Son and Heir.

39. An Act for naturalizing Charles Shreiber and Jean Francois Maximillien de Cerjat.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 28 Geo. II

1. AN Act for the Relief of the Out pensioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five.

3. An Act to indemnify Members of Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, who have neglected to take the Oaths of Office, and to lamp their cul millions; and for allowing them further Time for those Purposes.

4. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

5. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; and for the Relief of the Inhabitants of certain Places in the County of Lincoln, in respect of Arrears of the Land Tax.

6. An Act for taking away Mortuaries in the Archdeaconry of Chester, and giving a Recompense therefore to the Bjshop of Chester as Archdeacon of Chester, who holds and enjoys the said Archdeaconry in Right of his See.

7. An Act concerning the Offices of Sheriff' Depute and Steward Depute, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

8. An Act for making navigable the River or Brook called Sankey Brook, and the three several Branches thereof, from the River Mersey below Sankey Bridges, up to boardman's Stone Bridge on the South Branch, to gerard's Bridge on the Middle Branch thereof, and to Penny Bridge on the North Branch thereof, all in the County Palatine of lan caster; and also for adjusting the Measure of Coal, to be brought down the said River or Brook, and sold within the Town of Liverpool, in the said County.

9. An Act to prevent the Holding of any Market for the future in the High Street of the Borough of southwark in the County of Surry.

10. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; for Relief ofpxo testant Purchasers.

11. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine forces while on Shore.

12. An Act to explain and amend a Clause in an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in relation to the selling or offering to Sale any Game,

13. An Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

14. An Act for further explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the twenty third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British white Herring Fishery; for giving further Encouragement for the carrying on the said Fishery; for other Purposes therein mentioned.

15. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of one Million, to be raised by a Lottery.

16. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

17. An Act to amend an Act made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the Publici Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto.

18. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the distemper now raging among the Horned Cattle hi this Kingdom.

19. An Act for making perpetual an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of public Entertainment, and punishing persons keeping disorderly Houses; the further punishing Persons selling A[^c].s of Parliament Act or Acts of Parliament other Liquors without Licence; for the preventing the burning or destroying of Goss, Furze or Fern, in Forests or Chases; for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices, and for the filing of Affidavits of the Execution of Contracts of Clerks to Attorneys and Solicitors.

20. An Act for continuing, explaining and amending the several Acts of Parliament made for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty's Subjects; to authorise the Payment of the Bounty to Thomas Hood and others, upon three Ships fitted out for the said Fishery, and lost in the Greenland Seas.

21. An Act for making more effectual the Laws prohibiting the Importation of Spirituous Liquors in Casks or Vessels not containing sixty Gallons, and of Tea above the Quantity of six Pounds, found on Board any British Ship or Vessel, not belonging to, or employed by the East India Company.

22. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund;

The TITLES of

and applying certain Moneys remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; and for carrying the Surplus of certain Duties to the Sinking Fund; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

23. An Act to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers and Inhabitants of the Parish of.saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, to hold a Market within the said Parish, not interfering with the High Street in the said Borough.

24. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

25. An Act for continuing an Act, intituled, An Act for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America.

26. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the High Bridge in the Town of Ramsey in the County of Huntingdon, through King's Ripton, to the West End of Saint Peter s Lane in the Parish of Saint John, within the Borough of Huntingdon.

27. An Act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual several Acts of Parliament, relating to the maintenance and Employment of the Poor of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and for better paving, preserving and cleansing the Streets, Squares, Lanes and Alleys in the said Town, and preventing obstructions therein; and for preserving the Lamps, which shall be setup to enlighten the Streets of the said Town, and securing the Property of such Lamps to the Owners.

28. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton in the County of Surry, through the Borough of Rei

by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, and over Howell Hill to Ewell; and also the Road from tad worth, by the jpind mill, to the Bottom of Pebble Hill in the said County.

29. An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one Sixth of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glasgow, and for extending the same over the Villages of Gorbels and Port Glasgow, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages

30. An Act to continue and render more effectual two ahs of Parliament passed in the sixth and twelfth Years of the Reign of iiis late Majesty King George, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage in the County of Hertford, to Biglcfivade in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Roads from the North hind of the said Roads to the toll gate at the North End of the said Town of biglc jvjuclc.

31. An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through and from the Town of Monmouth.

32. An Act for establishing, maintaining and well governing a Nightly Watch within the City of Bristol.

33. An Act for repairing the Road from the North End of Brown's Lane in Great Stoughton in the County of Huntingdon, through Khnboltm and Higham Ferrers, to the Way Poll near Wellingborough Bridge in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in Kimbolton, to the Way Post in Great Catworth Field, near Brington Bridge in the said County of Huntingdon.

34. An Act for erecting and building a New Chapel in the Town of Wolverhampton in the County of Stafford.

35. An Act for repairing the Road from a certain Place in Bury in the County of Huntingdon, through ivarboys, Old Harft, Saint Ives, Hilton, Eltijley, tvarejiey, Gam

the STATUTE

lingay and Potton, to a House called the Spread Eagle in Stratton, within the several Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge and Bedford.

36. An Act to continue and render more effectual several ahs for repairing the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and the Town of Cambridge, for repairing the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge; and for repairing other ruinous Parts in the Highways adjacent to the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge.

37. An Act for the better enlightening and cleaning the open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Partages and Courts within the Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, London, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish.

38. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the > Poor of the Borough of Dunheved, otherwise laur.cef.07i,

and Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen in the County of Cornwall.

39. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and front the City of Edinburgh, and frotn Crammond Bridge to the Town of queen's Ferry in the County of Linlithgow j and for making the said Act more effectual.

40. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Market Harborough in the County of Leicester, through the Town of Lutterworth in the said County, to the City of Coventry.

41. An Act for enlightening the Streets and Lanes, and regulating the Pavements, in the Town of Leeds in the County of York.

42. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads lea.ling from Henley Bridge in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called mile stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge in the said County, and for widening the said Roads; and also for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the End of Culham Bridge next to Culham in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon in the County of Berks, and from the Mayor's Stone at the End of the Boar Street in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shiptcn in the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield in the same County.

43. An Act for establishing and maintaining a Ferry across the River Thames, between the Hamlet of Raicliff in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Rctherbitbs in the County of Surry.

44. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Basingstoke, through Wortin, Overt on, Jtfntchurch, hurs bor>!, Pryors, Andover and Midair jvmlop in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner in the Parish of Wintcrflow in the County of iiiits.

45. An Act for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horsham in the County of Sussex, through Cape!, Dorking, Micklcham and Leatherhead, to the watch house in Ebbisham in the County of Surry; and from Cape!, to Stone Street in the Parish of Oeklcy in the said County of Surry.

46. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southatn in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury in the County of Oxford, and from the Guide Post in the Village of Adderbury in the same County, through Kidlington, to the mile way leading towards the City of Oxford; and also the Road leading from a Place called the Two Mile Tree near

The TITLES of the City of Oxford, over Gosford, otherwise gojjard Bridge, to a certain Gate entering upon iveston on the Green in the said County.

47. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from The Hand and Pqfi at the top of Burford Lane in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Halford Bridge in the County of Warwick; and also the Road from The Cross Hands on Salford Hill, to The Hand and Post in the Parish of Dowdeswell in the County of Gloucester.

48. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, lying within the Borough of Droitwich in the County of iforcejier, or leading from the said Borough, to the several Places therein mentioned in the said County.

49. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Chudleigh Bridge in the Parish of Hcmiock in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of ajbburton, to Brent Bridge in the Parish of South Brent in the said County.

50. An Act for amending and widening the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth in the County of York, to a Place called Blue Bell, near Colne in the County of Lancaster, and from a Place called the Two Laws, to Kighley in the said County of York.

51. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Thirsk, over Shipton Bridge, through Baldersby, to Baldersby Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor in the way to Ripen, and through Ainderby ^'nernboiv and Nofterfield, by well jlajhcs Gate, to Masham in the County of York, and likewise for removing the toll house and turnpike gates at Bushy Stobb in the said County, to some other convenient Place in the Road leading from Borough Bridge to the City of Durham.

52. An Act for amending, altering, continuing and making more effectual two acts of Parliament made in the second and seventeenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads from Colcjhill in the County of Wanvick, through the City of Litchfield, to Stone in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the City of Chester, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for enlarging the Term and Powers in the said several Acts.

53. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale to Burnley in the County of Lancaster.

54. An Act to enable the Reverend William Markham Doctor of Laws, and Thomas Salter Esquire, to build Houses, and open a Square in and upon a certain Piece of Ground called Deans Yard, Westminster, and several Pieces of Ground contiguous thereto.

55. An Act for building a Bridge over the Water or Haven between the Town of Sandwich, and the opposite Shore in the County of Kent.

56. An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of the Holy Trinity, in Guldefrd in the County of of Surry, to sell diverse Houses, Lands, Rents and Annuities in the said Parish, and in Stoke next Guldeford aforesaid; to apply the Money arising by Sale thereof, towards rebuilding their Parish Church, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

57. An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epfiorn, through Ewell, to Tooting, and from Ewell, to Kingston upon Thames, and Thames Ditton in the County of Surry.

58. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called the White Smithy in the Township of Crumpfial, to the Town of Rochdale, and from the said Place called the Ifddtc Smithy, by a Place called Bfifes of the Barn, to the Town of Bury, and from the said Place called Bcjfcs of the Barn, to raa cliffe Bridge in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

59. An Act for repairing, widening and amending the Road

the STATUTES.

of the County of York, through Kildwick, to Black Latte End in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

60. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Leeds in the West Riding of the County of York, through of/ey, Skipton, Colne, Burnley and Blackburn, to Burscough Bridge in Walton in the County of Lancaster, and from Skipton, through Gifiurn and Clitheroe, to Preston in the said County of Lancaster.

---

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 27 & 28 Geo. II Sess. 1.

An Act for naturalizing Peter Michael Morin.

Anno 28 Geo. II. Sess. 2.

1. AN Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Great Harborough in the County of Warwick.

2. An Act for naturalizing Arnold Mello, John Swiccard Heinzelman and James Banal.

3. An Act for vesting Montagu House in Trustees, and their Heirs, freed and discharged from all the Estates, Uses and Agreements, to which at present it stands limited and appointed, upon Trust, to convey the same to the Trustees of the British Museum, for a General repository, and upon such other Trusts as therein are mentioned.

4. An Act to impower the Executors of Augustus, late Earl of Berkeley, to make Leases of his Estates in Gloucestershire, during the Minority of his Children.

5. An Act for vesting a of messuage or Tenement in the County of Middlesex, with the Appurtenances, devised by the Will of Mary, late Duchess of Northumberland, in Trustees, to enable them to sell and convey the same to the Lady Jane Coke, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses appointed by the said Will.

6. An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement between the Principal of Saint Mary Magdalen Hal! in the University of Oxford, and Ellis Saint John Clerk, for exchanging the Advowson of the Church of Southmoreton in the County of Berks, for the alternate Presentation of the Church of Finchamstead in the said County.

7. An Act for exchanging of Lands between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of Christ's Hospital, and John Leman Esquire.

8. An Act for explaining and making more effectual a Power contained in the Will of Sir William Morice baronet, for making Leases of his several Estates in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall.

9. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Sir Thomas Stradling Baronet, deceased, in the Counties of Glamorgan and Somerset, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same, and for a Division and Settlement of other Part thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

10. An Act for selling Part of the entailed Estate of Sir Henry Ibbetson Baronet, and vesting other Part thereof in him in Fee-simple, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled, together with some other Lands, whereof he is seized in Fee, in lieu of the Lands so to be sold, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

11. An Act for confirming and establishing the Partition of the Estates, late of Sir George Chudleigh, and Dame Frances his Wife, Tryphena Davie, and John Pollexfen Esquire, and for settling the several specific Shares thereof, resulting from the said Partition, to and for the several Uses and Purposes for which the several undivided Parts thereof were vested and settled before the said Partition, and for authorising Leases to be made of diverse Parts of the premises.

12. An Act for confirming and establishing the Partition of the Estates late of Stephen Northleigh Esquire, and Margaret his Wife, Susannah Yarde Widow, Dame Frances Chudleigh, and Tryphena Davie Spinster, and for settling the several specifick Shares and Allotments thereof upon; and for the Benefit of the several Parties entitled to the several undivided Shares of the said Estates, before the said Partition, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

13. An Act for vesting diverse Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the County of Cambridge, settled on the Marriage of Peter Leheup the younger, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to Articles, and for laying out the Purchase Money in another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement.

14. An Act for vesting certain Houses and Tenements at Wendover in the County of Bucks, late the Estate of John Hampden Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in such Manner as the residue; of his personal Estate is by his Will directed to be applied.

15. An Act for the Sale of several Estates of Robert Stansfield Esquire in the County of York, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates in the said County of York, to be settled to the like Uses.

16. An Act for Sale of certain Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Worcester, late the Estate of Thomas Mason deceased, pursuant to an Agreement, and for applying the Money arising thereby, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

17. An act for rectifying and supplying several Defects and Omissions in certain Common Recoveries, suffered by Edward Spelman Esquire.

18. An Act for rectifying and supplying a Mistake and Omission in a Settlement made of the Estate of Mary Blewitt Widow, on the Marriage of Edmond Blewitt, her eldest Son, and for settling the said Estate on his Issue Male, and for raising Portions for his younger Brothers.

19. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Fraunceis* Kirkham, and Damaris his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Incumbrances affecting the same, prior to their Marriage Settlement; and for laying out the Surplus, if any, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the same Settlement.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Field and Breeks in the Manor and Parish of Branchaster, in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing the several Rights of Common and sheep walk over the said Field and Breeks, and over certain Half-year Closes and Pieces of Common in the said Manor and Parish, and for granting another Right of Common to the Owners of certain dwelling houses in the Manor and Parish aforesaid.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and certain Lands lying dispersed in the half year Closes belonging to the Manor of Swanton with Worthing, within the Parishes of Swanton Morley and Worthing in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing the several Rights of Common and sheep walk over the said Fields and half year Closes, and over certain Lands called the Breeks, lying within the said Manor and Parishes.

22. An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, Failures, Moors and Greens in the Lordship of Stillingfleet in the County of York, and for settling certain yearly Payments to the Impropriators of the Rectory, and to the Vicar of Stillingfleet aforesaid, in lieu of the Great and Small Tythes belonging to the said Rectory and Vicarage.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands in the Parish of Kenilworth in the County of Warwick.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, common grounds and Waste Ground in the Manor and Parish of Churchover in the County of Warwick.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields and Pastures or Commons in the Township of Slingsby in the County of York.

26. An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows and a cow pasture in Knighton in the County of Leicester.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields and Pastures or Commons in the Township of Nunburnholme in the County of York.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Norton by Daventry in the County of Northampton.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Wastes and Commons in the Manor of Calverly in the West Riding of the County of York.

30. An Act for the inclosing, dividing and exchanging the Common Fields, Common Meadows and other Grounds in the Townships of Marsk and Redcarr, within the manor of Marsk in Cleveland in the North Riding of the County of York; and for providing a certain Recompense to the Vicar of Marsk, in lieu of his Tythes, and the greatest Part of his Glebe.

31. An Act to enable John Freston Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Scrivener.

32. An Act to enable Samuel Blackwell, heretofore called Samuel Killican, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Blackwell only, pursuant to the Will of Jonathan Blackwell deceased, and to bear the like Arms which were born by the said Jonathan Blackwell.

33. An Act to enable Alexander Ready Esquire, and his Issue by Sophia his Wife (late Sophia Edwards) to take and use the Surname of Colston, pursuant to the Will of Edward Colston Esquire, deceased, and to bear the like Arms which were born by the said Edward Colston.

34. An Act to enable Theodore Henry Brinkman Esquire, to take and use the Surname of Broadhead, pursuant to the Will of Henry Broadhead Esquire, deceased.

35. An Act to enable Wenman Coke, heretofore called Wenman Roberts Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take the Surname of Coke only, pursuant to the Direction of the Will of Sir Edward Coke Baronet, deceased; and that the said Wenman Coke, and his Issue Male, may bear the Arms of the said Sir Edward Coke.

36. An Act to enable William Lowndes Stone Esquire, lately called William Lowndes the younger, Esquire, and Catharine his Wife, and others therein named, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms of Stone, pursuant to the Will of Francis Low Esquire, deceased.

37. An Act to enable Christopher Soulsby Esquire, now called Christopher Reed, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Reed.

38. An Act to enable the Honourable Harbottle Grimson Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Luckyn, pursuant to the Wills of Sir Harbottle Luckyn Baronet, and Edward Luckyn Esquire, deceased.

39. An Act for naturalizing Otto Ewald Setler, Albert Mablstede and John Conraid Heinzelmann.

40. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Nuffen.

41. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Reversion of diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York, in Trust for Richard Crowle Esquire, in Exchange for Houses and Lands near his Majesty's Palace of Windsor, and for other Consideration to be paid for the same.

---

42. An Act for establishing an Exchange of diverse Lands and Tythes in Myton in the county of York, for other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County, pursuant to an agreement between the Lord Archbishop of York, as Appropriator; the Bishop of Norwich, Lessee of the Rectory, Henry Herd Clerk, Vicar of the Parish Church; and Sir Byran Staplyton, Lord of the Manor of Myton aforesaid.

---

43. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange of diverse Lands in Little Leak in the County of Nottingham, pursuant to an Agreement between Francis Lord Middleton and Robert Bird Esquire, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

44. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Sir John Dutton Colt Baronet, in trustees, to be sold for discharging several Incumbrances affecting the same; and for laying out the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same uses.

45. An Act to impower Edward Walter Esquire, and diverse other Persons claiming under the Wills of his Grandfather and Brother respectively, to make Leases of the several Lands and Hereditaments purchased, and to be purchased, since the Will of Peter Walter the Grandfather, and in pursuance of the same.

46. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Edmund Bramston Esquire, and Henrietta Maria his Wife, in Trustees, for raising several Sums of Money for discharging Portions charged upon the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

47. An Act for vesting the Manor of North Weston, and diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Oxford, the Estate of Francis Clerke Esquire, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same, to raise Money for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

48. An Act for charging the settled and unsettled Estates of Gilbert Caldecot Esquire, with raising Money to pay his Debts and Incumbrances; and for limiting his unsettled Estate so charged to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement.

49. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Richard Morgan Esquire, with Anne Hall his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

50. An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement for inclosing Osmotherley Moor, or Common, in the County of York, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing Breaston Cow Pasture in the County of Derby.

52. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, within the Manor and Parish of Hawling in the County of Gloucester.

53. An Act for naturalizing Peter John Fremeaux, Adriana Constantia Fremeaux, Elizabeth Fremeaux, Maria Catherina Fremeaux and Gertruda Johanna Fremeaux, who are all Infants under the Age of eighteen Years.

54. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Kirkman.

55. An Act for naturalizing John Ulric Passavant.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 29 Georgii II.

1. AN Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and for the Relief of the Inhabitants of the City and County of the City of Lincoln, in respect of Arrears of the Land Tax.

3. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An Act for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines.

5. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant Commissions to a certain Number of Foreign Protestants who have served Abroad as Officers, or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers, in America only, under certain restrictions and Qualifications.

6. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

7. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two Millions, to be raised by Way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for extending to Ireland the Laws made in this Kingdom, against private and unlawful Lotteries.

---

8. An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act made in the twenty sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their fhtarenunc; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from Fa. Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, whereby the Rationing of Ships infected with the Plague, to the Northward of Cape Finisterre, is confined to the Harbour, of New Grimsby, and removable to no other Place; and for appointing a more safe and commodious Place inilesd thereof.

9. An Act for establishing a Fund for Payment of the Bonds of the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level; and for exchanging the present Bonds of the said Corporation for other Bonds, payable out of the Revenues of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level; and for enabling the fr.ij Corporation to borrow further Sums, for the use of the said Great Level.

10. An Act for the better ascertaining, recovering and collecting certain Duties payable upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes into or out or the Harbour of the Town and County of Pool, and al so of Ballast and Boomage Duties, payable in respect of Ships and vessels coming into and going out of the said Harbour; and for the enlarging, better repairing and keeping in Repair, the said Harbour, and the Quays and Wharves; and for providing a proper Place for keeping Gunpowder in or near the said Town; and for establishing and regulating a Nightly Watch, and enlightening the Streets in the said d own.

11. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and vessels.

12. An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale and other Exciseable Liquors; and for establishing a Method for granting such Licences in Scotland, and for allowing such Licences to be granted at a Petty Session in England, in a certain Case therein mentioned.

13. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on Cards and Dice.

14. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, and Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate.

15. An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported; and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax.

16. An Act to impower his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Salt Petre; and to enforce the Law for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms and Ammunition; and also to impower his Majesty to restrain the carrying coastwise of Salt Petre, Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms or Ammunition.

17. An Act to prevent his Majesty's Subjects from serving as Officers under the French King; and for the better enforcing an Act passed in the ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to prevent the enlisting his Majesty's subjects to serve as Soldiers without his Majesty's Licence; and for obliging such of his Majesty's Subjects as shall accept Commissions in the Scotch Brigade, in the Service of the Stares General of the United Provinces, to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration.

18. An Act to obviate a Doubt arisen on an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for Relief of Sheriffs and Keepers of Prisons, in respect to Escapes, of such Persons as

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

were prevented by the said Doubt from being discharged under the said Act.

19. An Act to impower Judges of Courts of Record in Cities and Towns Corporate, Liberties and Franchises, to ftt Fines on Persons who shall be summoned to serve upon Juries in such Courts, and shall neglect to attend.

20. An Act for erecting, maintaining and supporting a light house on the Island of Little Cumray in the County of Bute, at the Mouth of the River Clyde, in North Britain, and for rendering the Navigation in the Frith and River of Clyde more safe and commodious.

21. An act for imbanking and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low (hounds, called The Wafes, lying and being in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Ely, Witchford, Wentworth, Coveney and Downbani in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and of Bluntisham with frith in the County of Huntingdon.

22. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely and County of Norfolk, lying between the Hundred Foot River and the Ouse, and bounded on the South by the Hard Lands of Mepall, I Ft chain, Wentworth, Wichford, Ely, Downbani and Littleport; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called invested Lands.

23. An Act for encouraging the Fisheries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

24. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Sums of Money remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six.

25. An Act for appointing a sufficient Number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances and other Offences, within the said City and Liberty.

26. An Act for further continuing an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, to indemnify Commissioners of the Land Tax for Counties at large and Ridings, who have acted by virtue of Leasehold Estates; to obviate a Doubt relating to the Qualification of Commissioners of the Land Tax, for the City and Liberty of Westminster.

27. An Act for extending the Act of the twenty second Year of his present Majesty, (for amending, explaining and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels and Forces by Sea) to such Officers, Seamen and others, as shall serve on Board his Majesty's Ships or vessels employed upon the Lakes, Great Waters or Rivers in Not th America.

28. An Act for reviving and continuing an Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and for continuing an Act made in the last session of Parliament, to continue several Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

29. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise one Million, for the Purpose therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

30. An Act for more effectually discouraging and preventing the dealing, and the buying and receiving of stolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal and Solder, and for more effectually bringing the Offenders to Justice.

31. An Act to enable Infants, Lunatics and Femes Covert, to surrender Leases in order to renew the same.

32. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament within the Times limited by such Acts respectively, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; concerning the Admissions of Officers and Members of Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns; and the filing of Affidavits of Articles of Clerkship.

33. An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages; and also an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture; and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein; and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in case of the Payment of the Workmens Wages, in any other Manner than in Money.

34. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty's Navy.

35. An Act for the better recruiting his Majesty's Forces on the Continent of America, and for the better Regulation of the Army, and preventing of Desertion there.

36. An Act for inclosing, by the mutual Consent of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Destruction of Trees.

37. An Act for regulating the Proceedings in Personal Actions in the Courts Baron of the Manors of Sheffield and Ecclesall, in the County of York.

38. An Act to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry, to purchase Houses and Grounds, and to widen the Ways, and make more safe and commodious the Streets, Avenues and Passages leading from Charing Cross to The ti jo Houses of Parliament, Westminster Hall, and the Courts of justice there, and Westminster Bridge, and to enable a less Number of Commissioners to execute the several Acts relating to the said Bridge, than at present are required by Law; and for Relief of George and James King, with regard to a Lease taken by their late Father from the said Commissioners.

39. An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; for preventing the forefalling and monopolising of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fifth, under the Dimenfcns mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the fiif Year of his late Majestys Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hock.

40. An Act to improve, widen and enlarge the Passage over and through London Bridge.

41. An Act for explaining and amending two Acts of Parliament, one made in the eleventh Year of his Majesty's Reign (For repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End in the County of Middlesex) and the other made in the twenty sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign (For enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act) and for impowering the Trustees to erect and maintain Lamps, and keep a Guard, upon the said Roads in the Night-time.

42. An Act for enlarging the Coemetery or churchyard of the Parish of Saint Mary Newington Butts in the County of Surry.

43. An Act for making and widening a Road from the East Side of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green in the County of middle]ex, to the East End of Church Street in the said Parish; and to open a Way or Road into Shoreditch, and keeping the same in Repair.

44. An Act to enable the Trustees for repairing Old Street Road, to repair, widen and make a Road from the Sign of The Red Lion on Windmill Hill, through Worship Street, to the Ditch Side next the East Side of Holy Well Mount, and through a certain Ground to the Sign of The London Apprentice, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the County of Middlesex; or to lay open, repair and widen a Road from the said Red Lion, through the Dog Bar, into the Old Street Road in the said County.

45. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond belonging to Henry Eyre Esquire, in the Parish of Whiteparish in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Dunwood Hill; and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through romfey infra, to Hundred Bridge in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton.

46. An Act for repairing and widening the High Roads from Basingstoke, through Popham Lane, Sutton Scotuey and Stockbridge in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner in the County of Wilts; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Spittlehouse, over ivey hill, to Mullen's Pond in the said County of Southampton.

47. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing, maintaining and well governing a Nightly Watch within the City of Bristol.

48. An Act for rebuilding the Common Gaol for the County of Derby, upon a Place called nun's Green, in the Liberty of the Town of Derby, and for appointing a proper Place for the safe Custody of Prisoners, until such new Gaol shall be completed; and to impower the Justices of the Peace for the said County to pay the Rent reserved to the Corporation for the said Ground, out of the County Rates.

49. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the eighteen Mile Stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere in the County of If ills, and through win canton, to Charlton Houtborn, and from thence to Milborne Port-, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid, to the West End of Long Lane in Klhnington; and from Wincauton aforesaid, to the Sherhorn Turnpike cross gate, on Cattle HHI, and from Wincanton, to Sparkford, in the County of Somerset.

50. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from and near the Town of Brewton in the County of Somerset.

51. An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads, from the Town of Tewkesbury to Cofcomb Gate; and from isabel's Elm to the Top of Gotkerington Hill, in the County of Glome ft cr; and from Tewkesbury to a i'arm house, called The Old Blue Bell, and to the Direction Post in the Parish of Ripple, and to slmmond's Ford Brook, and from Breeden to Eckingtcn Bridge, in the County of Worcester, and from Tewkesbury to 7hainload's Bridge, and to the Road opposite to Ejstone Church, and from the mark et house in Cheltenham, to the Turnpike Road from burr ford to Gloucester, near a Tree called Pewfdon Ash in the said County of Gloucester.

52. An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads leading from a Gate called Pool Gate in the Town and County of Pool.

53. An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beetles, and cleansing, enlightening and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causways, and regulating the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone in the County of Middlesex.

54. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the 7'of of Iiarnham Hill, near the City of New Sarurn, in the County of Wills, through the Towns of Bland ford Forum and Dorchester, to a certain Entrenchment on ajleer veil Hill in the County of Dorset.

55. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter.

56. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes of

the STATUTES.

Pucklechurch and Mangotsfeld in the County of Gloucester, to Christian Malford Bridge in the County of Wilts, and also from Pucklechurch aforesaid, to certain Coal Mines in the said Parish.

57. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging and preferring the Harbour of Ellenfoot in the County of Cumberland.

58. An Act for repairing and widening the roads leading from the City of Gloucester towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester.

59. An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Market house, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow in the County of Salop.

60. An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Much Wenlock in the County of Salop.

61. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Coleham Bridge in Shrewsbury, to the Market Place in Church Stretton, and to the Top of Lytkwoocl Hill, and from Pulley Common, to the May Pole in Condover, and from Coleham Bridge, to Longdon in the County of Salop.

62. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westminster, and their Successors, to make and grant unto James Mallors a Lease or Leases of certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tenements and Hereditaments, comprised within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant.

63. An Act to impower the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestry of the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate or Rates for the Relief of the Poor, and the better repairing of the Highways, and cleansing the Streets within the said Parish.

64. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Shrewsbury, to Preston Brockhurst, to shaiv bury, and to shrey hill in the County of Salop.

65. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, through the Welsh Hall Lane, as far as the same County extends, and the several Roads leading from Kington aforesaid, to brilley's Mountain, to eardijjey, to Abnely, to eckley's Green, to eardijland, to Staple Bar, and to Milton House in the said County of Hereford.

66. An Act for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the twenty seventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to I Harwich, and from thence to Halford Bridge; and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon; and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, leading towards 1stoneleigh Town \ and for Applying an Omission in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Ashby de la Zouch in the County of Leicester, so far as the same relates to that Part of the said Road which leads from the Town of Hinckley in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Nuneaton, and from thence through the Parishes of Chilvers Coton and Bedworth, to Bishops Gate in the City of Coventry.

67. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways between Sheppard Shord and the Devizes, and from Stert Stone in the Parish of Urffont, to Rowel Ford in the County of Wilts; and for changing and altering Part of the said Highways; and for repairing the Road from the Top of Red Hone to Stert Stone aforesaid.

68. An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the several Roads from the Town of Pool in the County of Montgomery, to Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, and also the Road from knock in in the County of Salop, to Llanrhaiader in Mochnant in the County of Denbigh.

69. An Act for tyre explaining, amending and rendering more effectual, two several acts of Parliament, one of

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

them passed in the thirteenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for making the River Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough navigable; and the other made in the eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for making more effectual the said former Act.

70. An Act for enlarging the terms and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highroad leading from Darlington in the County of Durham., to West auckland, and several other Roads in the said County therein mentioned; and for the effectual amending the same.

71. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for repairing the Reads from the town of Leeds through Harwood, to the South Wcff Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two Branches, one through Ripley over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresborough and borough bridge, to Ripon, and from thence to the frjl Rill of Water or Watercourse on Huiton moor in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or rutts on the sold Moor.

72. An Act for changing and altering two several Reads" directed to be amended and widened by an Act: made in" the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro in the County of Cornwall.

73. An act for building a Bridge across the River Wye, from the Town of Hay in the County of Brecon, to the opposite Shore in the County of Radnor.

74. An Act for the better supplying the City of Edinburgh with fresh and wholesome Water.

75. An Act for completing and finishing a new Church, and laying out and inclosing a Cemetery thereto, in the island of Portland.

76. An Act for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers granted by an Add made in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for eft edtually amending and repairing the Road leading from Wansford Bridge in the County of Northampton, to the Town and Borough of Stamford in the County of Lincoln; and for repairing the Road from the Borough of Stamford to stopford Bridge, in the Parish of Ryhall in the County of Rutland; and from thence to Bourn in the County of Lincoln.,

77. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Farringdon in the County of Berks, to the Town of Crieklade, and from thence to the Town of Malmesbury in the County of ifilts, and the Road from thenee to join the Turnpike Road at aflonturville in the County of Gloucester; and also the Road from Tetbury in the said County, through Malmesbury aforesaid, to Chippenham* Bridge; and the Road from Sherston, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath.

78. An Act for the better paving and amending, cleansing, enlightening and watching the Streets, Highways, Lancs and Paffiges, within the Town of Shrewsbury in the County of Salop.

79. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Hundreds of Colnels and Carlford in the County of Suffolk.

80. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highroad from the Town of Bows in the County of York, to Barnard Castle in the County of Durham; and from thence through Staiudrop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland; and from Newgate, along Gibb Chair, to Gaundless Bridge; and from thence by melderjhn Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge in the County of Durham; and for making the same more effectual.

81. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called Fryer Bacons Study, to Chilton Pond; and from the Top of Hinksey Hill, to Foxcomb Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon in the County of Berks.

82. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the White Stoop, near the North End of the Town of Derby, through the Towns of Difield and Chesterfield in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield in the County of York; and from the said Town of Difield, to the Moot hal in the Town of Witksworth in the said County of Derby.

83. An Act for repairing and widening the Highroad from the Borough of Ripon by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Pately B idge in the County of York.

84. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the North End of Dunfby Lane, to the Southwest Corner

of Rifeholm Hedge, and to Cat holm Gate, Drinfey Nooke, and Dunham and Littleburgh Ferries, and from the North End of Waddingion Field, and the Bridge over the River Wttbam, at Bracebridge, to the City of Lincoln, and from the Gate at the Foot of Canwicke Hill, to the great bar gates of the said City; and for enforcing the Performance of statute work upon the Highways, communicating with the said Roads, to a certain Distance from the said Roads.

85. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath, to the City of Peterborough; and from the East End of Marham Lane, to the Town of Walton in the County of Northampton; and from the Town of Bourn, to the Town of Coljhrworth; and from Donington High Bridge, to the Cross Post in the Parish of Hqcconby, and from the East End of a Lane called Hale Drove, to and through the Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of Long Hedge 111 the Parish of Harrington in the County of Lincoln.

86. An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Friars in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surry.

87. An Act for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadels, and better enlightening, paving and cleansing the Streets and other Passages, and repairing the Highways within the Parishes of Saint John Wapping, Saint Paul Shadwell, the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, the Parish of Saint Anne in the County of Middlesex, and the Precinct of Well Close in the Liberty of the Tower of London.

88. An Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge in the County of middkj'ex, to make a new Road from the great Northern Road at Islington, to the Edgxmre Road near Paddington, and also from the North End of Portland Street, cross the Fartltfng Pie House Fields, into the said new Road; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by two several Acts for repairing the said Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge.

89. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church, and enlarging the church yard of Saint John of Wapping in the County of Middlesex.

90. An Act to enable the Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses in York Buildings, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields in the County of Middlesex, to make and levy a Rate on themselves, sufficient to answer the Expense of rebuilding or repairing of the Terrace Walk and watergate, and such other Part of the Premises adjoining to the River Thames, and belonging to the said Buildings, as shall be judged necessary, and for keeping the same in Repair for the future.

91. An Act for explaining and making more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the East End of Brampton High Lane in the County of York, to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to and through the Towns of Ashrigg and Iugleton in the said County, to the Town of Lancaster in the County of Lancaster; and also for repairing the Road leading from

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Richmond aforesaid, through Giiling, Melfonby and Aldborough, to Lucy, other wise lou/y Crofis, and from Giiling through Giiling Town Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Gatherly Moor.

92. An Act for explaining, amending and making more effectual, an Act of Parliament made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill in the Parish of Dcnhead Saint Andrew in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftsbury, Milborne Port and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, fa hit halfway House in the Parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftsbury and Sherborne aforesaid; and for repairing other Roads adjoining to the Roads in the said former Act mentioned.

---

93. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, and to repair and widen several other Roads therein mentioned, and the Road from Wrexham to Chester, and from thence to Pen Fordd y Waen in the parish of Whitford, and also the Road from Broughton to Mould in the County of Flint.

94. An Act for amending, repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Rye-way in the Parish of Yarpole in the County of Hereford to Presteigne in the County of Radnor, and from thence to Leintwardine, and from Presteigne aforesaid, to the Top of Trap Hill, and from the Rye-way aforesaid, by the Maidenhead, to Wooferton in the County of Salop.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 29 Georgii II.

1. AN Act for naturalizing John David Fatio.

2. An Act for naturalizing Jens Pedersen.

3. An Act for the Sale of several Lands in Bedford Level, the Estate of the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Lincoln, Knight of the most Noble Order of the Garter, and Katherine Countess of Lincoln his Wife, and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments of as great or greater Value; and settling the said Lands so to be purchased, to the same Uses as the said Lands to be sold are now settled, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

4. An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the twenty seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates of Sir Isaac Lawrence Woollaston Baronet, an Infant, situate in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln and Norfolk, in trustees, to be sold or mortgaged to raise Money for Payment of his Sisters Portions, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

5. An Act for impowering Esther Hanmer, an Infant, to settle her Estates, pursuant to Articles entered into in Consideration of a Marriage agreed upon between Asheton Curzon Esquire, and the said Esther Hanmer.

6. An Act for vesting diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Bucks and Berks, late the Estate of Thomas Walker Clerk, deceased, in Thomas Walker the Grandson, in Fee Simple, subject to the raising Portions for his younger Brother and Sisters.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain open and common Field, called Radway Field, within the town ship of Radway, in the County of Warwick.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Wastes or Common Grounds in the Parish of Brancepeth, in the County of Durham.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Waste Grounds, in the several Parishes of Houghton and Pisford, in the County of Northampton.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows and Commons, in the Township of Sutton upon the Forest, in the County of York, and for giving Compensations, in lieu of Tythes, to the Impropriator of the Rectory, and the Vicar of Sutton aforesaid.

11. An Act to enable Robert Alynors Esquire, and his first and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Gouge, in pursuance of the Will of Nicholas Gouge, deceased.

12. An Act to enable William Wiggett, Esquire, now called William Bulwer, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and arms of Bulwer, pursuant to the Will of William Bulwer Esquire, deceased.

13. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Henry Stemann, Peter Otte, Godfrey Molling, and Christian Meyer, Henry Bielfield, John Peter Blaquiere, and Matthew Lichigaray.

14. An Act for naturalizing Jost David Esternod.

15. An Act for providing a Maintenance for the Marquis of Blanford, during the Life of his Father the Duke of Marlborough, and for rebuilding the said Duke's House at Langley in the County of Bucks; and for purchasing in, and making void, divers Leases granted by the said Duke in Trust for his younger Children, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

16. An Act to enable John Earl of Sandwich, George Earl of Cholmondeley, and Wellbore Ellis Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

17. An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will of the Right Honourable Richard late Earl of Burlington and Cork, deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

18. An Act for vesting the Capital Message of Halsted, and divers Lands in Kent, Part of the settled Estate of Vere Lord Vere, in Trustees, to be conveyed to Robert Bagshaw Esquire, the Purchaser thereof, pursuant to Articles, and for settling another Estate in the County of Middlesex, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

19. An Act for raising Money out of the Estates of Ralph Lane Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Northampton and Cambridge, for discharging the Incumbrance affecting the same; and for applying Part of the Personal Estate of Elizabeth Lane, his Wife, deceased, in the Purchase of the Cambridgeshire Estate, to be settled pursuant to her Will.

20. An Act for vesting certain Adjudications now vested in the Crown by the Conviction or Attainder of Alexander Mackenzie of Fraserdale, in Hugh McLeod of Genies Esquire.

21. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Parson Gentleman, and Honour his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for raising Portions for younger Children, and for laying out the Surplus, if any, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of their Marriage Settlement.

22. An Act for vesting in Trustees, certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Farms, in the County of Surry, settled upon the Marriage of Richard Dickson Shine Esquire, with Elizabeth his now Wife, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to Articles, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of their Marriage Settlement.

23. An Act to enable Theodore Henry Broadhead, an Infant, to make Leases of the Estates given and devised to him by the Will of his Uncle Henry Broadhead, Esquire, deceased.

24. An Act for vesting the Estate of Trevor Charles Roper, and Henry Roper, who are both Infants, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the purchase money for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery.

25. An Act for selling the settled Estate of Thomas Folliott Baugh Esquire, in the County of Hereford, and for settling another Estate of greater Value, to the Uses of his Grandfather's Will, and his own Marriage Settlement, respectively.

26. An Act for enabling the Master and Fellows of Katherine Hall, in the University of Cambridge, to purchase, settle and dispose of Tenements and Grounds for the making and erecting an additional Building to their College or Hall, for the Reception and Maintenance of six Fellows and ten Scholars, founded by the Will of Mary Ramsden, deceased; for empowering any Corporation within the said University, to sell and convey other Lands and Tenements, for that and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

27. An Act for enabling Ann Coryton, Elizabeth Goodall, and William Goodall, to make Leases of several Estates in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, during the Minorities of John Coryton and others, the Infant Children of Peter Coryton Esquire, deceased.

28. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Talbot the younger, Esquire, settled upon his Marriage, in Trustees for raising a Sum of Money for discharging Debts and Incumbrances.

29. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange of Tythes, Cottages and Lands, for a Messuage, Farms, lands, and Common of Pasture in Steeple Aston, in the County of Oxford, pursuant to an Agreement between the Principal and Scholars of King's Hall, and College of Brazen Nose in Oxford, John Eaton Clerk, and Francis Page Esquire; also for giving Power to the said Francis Page, and others, claiming under the Will of Sir Francis Page Knight, deceased, to make a Jointure on any Wife or Wives with whom they may intermarry.

30. An Act for Sale of the Manor and Capital Message of Tadworth, and diverse Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of John Fleetwood Esquire deceased, and purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses in his Will.

31. An Act for vesting the Estates of Evelyn Charles Francke, and Edward Francke Esquires, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging a Mortgage affecting the same, and for laying out the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled pursuant to the Wills of the said Evelyn Charles Francke and Edward Francke respectively.

32. An Act for vesting the Estates of Richard Gough Aubrey Esquire, in the Counties of Brecon, Glamorgan, and Carmarthen, in Trustees, to raise Money to discharge several Incumbrances affecting the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act to impower Sir John Molesworth Baronet, and Joseph Moyle Esquire, two of the surviving Trustees, in an Indenture dated the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, to raise the several Sums in the said Indenture mentioned, or such of them as are still unsatisfied, and pay the same, as well as the rest of the personal Estate of Hugh Gregor deceased, to such Person as Jane Gregor, an Infant, shall marry during her Infancy, with the Consent of the said surviving Trustees, and of her Guardians.

34. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Glover, with Hannah Nunn his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the undivided Parts of the several Common Fields in the Township of Warthill, in the County of York, and for giving compensations to the Rector of Holtby, in the same County, and the Vicar of Warthill aforesaid, in lieu of Tythes and certain Ecclesiastical Dues.

36. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Manors and Parish of Sow, in the County of Warwick, and County of the City of Coventry.

37. An Act for inclosing diverse Parcels of Waste Grounds or commons in Ellell, in the County of Lancaster.

38. An Act for inclosing and dividing Tinwell Fields, in the County of Rutland, and for settling a Stipend on the Rector in lieu of Glebe and Tythes.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common or Moor, called Aston and Shardlow Moor, and several Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of Weston cum Membris, and Prebend of Sawley, in the County of Derby.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and Common Grounds in Newton, in the Parish of Clifton upon Dunsmore, io the County of Warwick.

41. An Act for authorizing and impowering John Riley, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Wheelwright, instead of the Surname of Riley.

42. An Act to enable James Leigh Esquire, now called James Perrot, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Perrot, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Perrot Esquire, deceased.

43. An Act for naturalizing Peter Bonnet.

44. An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Paul.

45. An Act for vesting the Manor of Dantsey, and Hundred of Chippenham, and diverse Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts, late the Estates of Charles Earl of Peterborow and Monmouth, deceased, in Trustees, for raising a certain Sum of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned.

46. An Act for Sale of the Estate of James Lord Cranstoun, in the County of Northumberland, settled on his Marriage for the Benefit of Sophia Lady Cranstoun, and their Issue, for raising Money to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the same; and also towards disincumbering his Estate in Scotland, settled also for the Benefit of the said Lady Cranstoun, and the Issue of that Marriage.

47. An Act for carrying into Execution several Contracts made by or on the Behalf of James late Lord Bulkeley, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in his Life Time for the Sale of several Lands and Tenements in the County of Chester, and for applying the Purchase Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same.

48. An Act for vesting the Manor of Northall, and diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Middlesex, settled on the Marriage of Sir Hutchins Williams Baronet, and devised by the Will of William Peer Williams his Father, respectively in Trustees, in order to be conveyed to Agatha Child Widow, and her Heirs, pursuant to Articles of Agreement for that Purpose, and for laying out Money arising by Sale of the Estate devised by the said Will in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the Uses of that Will, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

49. An Act for vesting diverse Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Estates of Francis Blake Delaval Esquire, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay off and discharge several Debts and Incumbrances, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

50. An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of Wrightson Mundy Esquire, in the County of Leicester for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same, and also his unsettled Estate in the County of Derby, and for settling the Derbyshire Estate so disincumbered, to the Uses therein mentioned.

51. An Act for confirming a Partition between John Leman Esquire, and Elizabeth Newnham, and John Newnham Esquire, of several Estates in the City of London, and Counties of Middlesex and Huntingdon, and for vesting and settling the intire Premises, which on such Partition were allotted to the said John Leman and Elizabeth Newnham, and John Newnham respectively, to the Uses therein mentioned.

52. An Act for dividing the Common Fields of Egleton, alias Edgeton, in the County of Rutland.

53. An Act to enable John Thornhaugh Esquire, now called John Hewett, and his descendents, to take and use the Surname of Hewett, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Hewett Knight, deceased.

54. An Act for naturalizing Francis Jalabert, an Infant, under the Age of eighteen Years.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni vicesimo GEORGII II. Regis Angliae, Scotiae, Franciae & Hiberniae.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the first Day of December, Anno Dom. 1741, in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the 18th Day of November 1746, being the sixth Session of this present Parliament.

CAP. I.

An Act for the further continuing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, an Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

EXP.

---

WHEREAS a wicked and unnatural Rebellion being begun in that Part of this Kingdom called Scotland, by diverse of his Majesty's Subjects, encouraged by his Enemies Abroad, in order to set a Popish Pretender upon the Throne, to the utter Destruction of the Protestant Religion, and the Laws and Liberties of this free Constitution, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament,

[19 Geo. 2. c. 1.]

intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Person as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government; and the said Act is thereby declared to continue until the nineteenth Day of April in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty six: And where, as one other Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act of this present Session of Parliament,

[19 Geo. 2. c. 17.]

intituled an Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government; whereby it was enacted, That the said first mentioned Act, and all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers and Authorities therein contained, should continue and remain in full Force and Vigour, from and after the said nineteenth Day of April for and until the twentieth Day of November in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty six, and no longer: And whereas it is necessary for the Publick Safety, that the said first recited Act should be further continued: Now, for the better Preservation of his Majesty's Sacred Person, and for securing the Peace of this Kingdom in this particular Conjuncture, against all traitorous Attempts and Conspiracies whatsoever; Be it enacted, &c.

The first Act continued till 23 Feb. 1746.

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven.

EXP.

At 4s. in the Pound.

2 C. 3. Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1747.

CAP. III.

An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of four Millions four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties.

---

& 8 wni.

C 18.

See 20 Geo. C 42,

as Geo. a, C

8 &9Will.

C 20,

i Annas, ft. C 13.

5 Annas, C

8 A nr re, C

k Geo. 1. C

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and pasted in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, of glorious Memory, entitled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates or Duties upon Hotfes, for making good the Deficiency of the clipped Money; it 10. ' was amongst other Things enacted, That for and during the Term of seven Years to commence and be accounted from the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety six, and no longer, there should be charged, levied, and paid unto his said late Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, for and upon every dwelling house inhabited, which then was, or that thereafter Should be erected within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the annual or yearly Sums therein mentioned; that is to say,

For every such dwelling house inhabited, then erected, or which should thereafter be erected, within the said kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the yearly Sum of two Shillings.

And for every such dwelling house inhabited, having ten Windows, or more, and under the Num

of twenty, the Sum of four Shillings yearly, over and above the said yearly Sum of two Shillings.

And for every such dwelling house inhabited, having twenty Windows, or more, the yearly Sum of eight Shillings, over and above the said yearly Sum of two Shillings.

t

Which said Sums of Money were, by the said Act, directed to be charged upon, and paid by the Inhabitants or Occupiers of such dwelling houses, and not the Landlords who let or demised the same, and were to be raised, levied, collected, answered, and paid unto his Majesty, at such Times, and in such

and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and applied to such Uses and Purposes, as are mentioned and prescribed in the said Act: And whereas by one other

3. t Act passed in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty (entitled, An Act for ma C king good the Deficiencies of several Funds therein mentioned, and for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of t England, and forraifing the public Credit) the said Rates and Duties granted by the before recited Act,

were continued until the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six; and by one other Act 1. t pasted in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (entitled. An Act for making good Deficiencies, and for preserving the public Credit) the said Rates and Duties upon Houses, granted and continued by the two Acts of Parliament before recited, were further continued until the first Day of Aiigufi one thousand seven hundred and ten; and by one other Act made and passed in the fifth Year of the Reign '3- of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, (entitled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Houses, to secure a yearly Fund for circulating Exchequer Bills, vohereby a Sum not exceeding fifteen hundred thousand Pounds is intended to be raised for carrying on the War, and other ber Majesty's Occassions) the said Rates and Duties upon Houses, granted and continued by the several Acts before recited, were made perpetual for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, subject to Redemption by Parliament, and diverse Provisions and Directions are contained in the several before recited Acts, for raising, levying, collecting, and paying the said Rates and Duties, and for applying the same to the Uses and Purposes specified in the said Acts: And

4. 4 whereas by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne (entitled,

An act for continuing Part of the Duties upon Coals, Culm and Cinders, and granting neiu Duties upon Houses having twenty Windows or more, to raise the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten) it was, amongst other Things enacted, That for and during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be accounted from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten, there should be charged, raised, collected, levied, and paid unto her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon every dwelling house inhabited, that then was, or there after should be erected, or built within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having twenty Windows, or more,

and under thirty Windows, the yearly Sum of ten Shillings; and for every such dwelling house having thirty Windows, or more, the yearly Sum of twenty Shillings: Which said new or additional Duties, as to such Houses as are in England, Wiles, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, were directed to be paid by the respective Occupiers or Inhabitants of such dwelling houses, over and above the several Duties amounting to ten Shillings per Annum, chargeable upon Houses there, by virtue of former Acts of Parlia

19. ment in that Behalf: And by one other Act made and pasted in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, of glorious Memory (entitled. An Act for redeeming the Fund appro printed or Payment of the Lottery Tickets which were made forth for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, by a voluntary Subscription of the Proprietors into the Capital Stock of the South Sea Com party; and for rafing a Sum of Money to pay off such Debts and Incumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and to limit Times for Prosecutions upon Bonds for exporting Cards and Dice) the said new or additional Duties upon Houses were made perpetual, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, subject to Redemption by Parliament; and diverse Provisions and Directions are contained in the two last recited Acts, for the raising, managing, collecting and paying the said additional Duties, as in and by the said Acts, Relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear; And whereas the Revenue arising by the said several and respective Rates and Dufies upon Houses

A.D. 1747. Anno vicesimo Georgii II. c. 3. 3

hath for some Years past greatly decreased, and the same is till likely to diminishwe your majesty's'amcr. c. d by most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, think it will be for the Advantage of the Public to repeal the present Rates and Duties upon Houses, and in lieu thereof "to grant unto your Majesty the several new Rates and Duties herein after mentioned, as well for securing a certain Fund for Payment of stich Encumbrances as are now charged upon the said Rates and Duties upon Houses, as to enable your Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March which shall be in The Rates upon the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, all the Rates and Duties, and additional Houses to ce3i= Rates and Duties upon Houses, granted, continued, and made perpetual by the several Acts of Parliament fr0 l5 iviari 11 herein before recited, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that then and from i74' thenceforth all the Powers and Authorities given or granted by the said several Acts, so far ns the same relate to the levying, securing, collecting, or recovering the said Rates and Duties upon Houses, and all Penalties and Forfeitures relating thereto, shall also cease, determine, and not be put in Excution; save Arrears, C re only and except in all Cases relating to the recovering any Arrears, which may at that time remain unpaid, coverable. of the said Rates and Duties upon Houses, or to any Penalties or Forfeitures in respect thereof which shall have arisen or grown due and payable to his Majesty, or may have been incurred, upon or at any Time before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it Further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day The r?.tes laid of March one thousand seven hundred and forty seven there shall be charged, raised, levied, and paid unto upon hours by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows or Lights, f 13 A'herein after mentioned; that is to say.

For and upon every dwelling house inhabited, which now is, or hereafter shall be erected within that Part of Great Britain called England, the yearly Sum of two Shillings.

And for every Window or Light in every dwelling house within and throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen or fourteen Windows or Lights, the yearly Sum of sixpence for every Window or Light in such House.

And for every Window or Light, in every dwelling house as aforesaid, which shall contain fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen or nineteen Windows or Lights, the yearly Sum of nine Pence for each Window or Light in such House.

And for every Window or Light, in every such dwelling house as aforesaid, which shall contain twenty Windows or Lights, and upwards, the yearly Sum of one Shilling for each Window or Light in such House as aforesaid.

III. Provided nevertheless, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that the said several and to be paidover

respective yearly Sums before charged upon every Window or Light, contained in every dwelling house in and above the England as aforesaid, shall be paid over and above the said Duty of two Shillings upon Houses before men uj, tn

tioned; which said several Rates and Duties by this Act granted as aforesaid, shall be appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned; subject nevertheless to the Proviso or Condition of Redemption herein after contained in that Behalf.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Rates and Duties by this Act Rates to be paid granted as aforesaid, shall be paid Quarterly, at the four most usual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year; Quarterly, that is to say, the Feasts of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, Saint Michael the Archangel, the Birth

of our Lore! Christ, and the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment thereupon to be made at the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, which fn II be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty seven.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates and Duties by this Act granted Charged only upas aforesaid, shall be charged only upon the Inhabitants or Occupiers for the Time being of the respective on thetena, 'I. dwelling houses, in which such Windows or Lights are contained, his, her or their Executors or Administrators

respectively, and not on the Landlord who let or demised the same, except in such Case as is in this Act hereafter mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better Execution of this Act, commissionn j and for the ordering, raising, collecting, levying and paying of the several Sums of Money hereby granted, b^cu'^misa* all and every the Persons named or appointed to be Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of j °on'rs III IV V vi.this this present Session of Parliament (entitled, An act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Ear, to

be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven) or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament thereby referred unto, or who shall hereafter be named or appointed commissioner for putting in Execution any future Act or Acts of Parliament for granting an Aid to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, in all and every the respective Counties,

Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque ports, Towns and Places respectively, within Great Britain as aforesaid; said Commissioners, in order to the speedy Execution of this Act, shall, in their respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, cinque ports, Towns and Places, for which they are appointed Commissioners respectively, meet together at the most usual or common Place of Time snd Ptacs Meeting, within such of the said Counties, Shires, Stewartries. Cities, Boroughs, cinque ports, Towns °^comn, on aticl riaccs respectively, on or before the eighteenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and forty 'rj mcetlne.

4

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

Comm: (lionets to divide themselves,

and issue Piece pis to afiuir oi i, C

Day to be prefixed for bringing in Cert: II

(.arcs, e.

peiton? to be returned for Colie dors,

the Parish answerable for them.

A lie fib rs to take the Oaths.

The Rates to be ascertained, and Certificates re ruined by June yearly.

Commissioners when to issue their Warrants,

nni cokedors to make Demand of the Rates, C

Collegers when tn pay in the M: n: es. commi.hor.ers to hnfien 'he C o ledors, an .1 to difir tin in rale of Nonpayment

C dledors to give Copies of theirafieliments and Collections to the commis jfjuneis.

Commissioners to examine tiae Certificates, see.

C

3-

A.D. 1747.

seven; in like Manner to meet yearly and every Year, at such Day or Time as shall be appointed for the first General Meeting of the Commissioners, to be appointed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, or on such other Day as the said Commissioners shall think proper to appoint before the thirtieth Day of April yearly; and the said Commissioners, or so many of them as shall be present at the first General Meeting, or the major Salt of them, may, by their Consents and Agreements, divide, as well them Pelves as other the Commissioners not then present for the Execution of this Add, in Hundreds, Lathes, Wapentakes, Rapes, Wards, Towns and other Places within their Limits, privileged or not privileged, in such Manner as to them shall seem meet; and shall diredd their several or joint Precept or Precepts to such Inhabitants, and such Number of them as they in their discretion shall think moil convenient to be Presentors and act dtors, requiring them to appear before the said Commissioners, at such Time and Place as they shall appoint, not exceeding ten Days; and at such their Appearances, the said Commissioners, or so many of them as shall meet, shall openly read, or cause to be read unto them, the several Rates and Duties in this Add mentioned, and openly declare the Eftedl of their Charge unto them, and how and in what Manner they ought and should make their Certificates and assess liients according to the several Rates aforesaid; shall then and there prefix another Day for the said Persons to appear before the said Commissioners, and bring in their Certificates in Writing under their Hands, to be verified upon their Oaths, and not otherwise, of every dwelling house inhabited and charged by this Act, within the Limits of those Places for which they are to act, and of the Number of Windows or Lights in each House, together with the Names and Surnames of the several Occupiers or Inhabitants of each respective Dwelling house, and of the several Sums of Money they ought to pay by virtue of this Act, without Concealment or Favour; upon Pain of Forfeiture of any Sum, not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, to be levied as by this Act is appointed, and shall also then return the Names of two or more able and sufficient Persons, within the Bounds or Limits of those Parishes or Places where they shall be Assessors respectively, to be Collectors of the several Rates and Duties granted to his Majesty by this Act; for whose paying unto the receiver-general now appointed, or for the Time being to be appointed by his Majesty, or by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, his Deputy or Deputies, in Manner following, such Money as they shall be charged withal, the Parish or Place by whom they are so employed shall be answerable; every afteftor, so as aforesaid appointed or to be appointed, shall, before he take upon him the Execution of the said Employment, take the Oaths mentioned and required to be taken by an Act made in the Parliament held the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, (entitled, An act for abrogating the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and appointing other Oaths) which Oaths any three or more of the Commissioners in the County, Shire, Stewartry, City or Place where the said Assessment is to be made, have hereby Power, and are hereby required to administer, as also all and every such other Oaths, as are by this Act required to be taken by any Ofiker or Person whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates and Duties charged by this Act shall be ascertained, and the Certificates thereof returned to the said Commissioners, on or before the fourth Day of june yearly; and upon the Delivery and Return of such Certificates or Assessments unto the said Commissioners, they, or any three or more of them, shall, at least ten Days before any of the Rates and Duties by this Act granted shall become due and payable, issue out and deliver their Warrants or Estreats, under their Hands and Seals, to such Collectors as aforesaid, for the speedy collecting and levying of the said Rates and Duties, as they shall respectively become due and payable, and all Monks and Rates due thereupon, according to the Intent and Directions of this present Act; of all which the said Collectors are hereby required to make Demand of the Parties chargeable therewith, or at the Places of their lnft Abode, within ten Days after the said Duties hereby granted shall respectively become due and payable, and upon Payment thereof, to give Acquittances under their Hands (without taking anything for such Acquittances) unto the several Persons who shall pay the same; and that such Acquittances shall be a full and perfect discharge to every such Person who shall pay the same, against his Majesty, his Pleirs and successors; and the said Collectors are hereby required to pay in all such Sums of Money as they shall receive, within twenty Days after the Receipt tfieieof, at such Place as the Commissioners shall appoint, unto the respective receiver-general, his Deputy or Deputies, who are hereby empowered and required to call upon and hasten the Collectors to make the said Payment; and in Default of Inch Payment to levy, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any three or more of the Commissioners, upon the Collectors, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, such Sum and Sums of Money as he hath received, and as ought by him to have been paid, and is not paid by reason of his Failure in doing his Duty, according to the Direction of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That for the better charging the Duties arising by this Act, the Collectors of the said Duties shall cause a Copy of the respective Assessments given to them, and of the Collection made by them, for such Division, Parish or Place for which they were appointed Collectors respectively, to be fairly written and signed by them, blit with such Alterations therein as shall be necessary, by reason of any new Houses erected, or the Number of Windows in any House being inereased, or by reason of the Change of Inhabitants or Occupiers of any House, or otherwise, or a true Duplicate thereof, signed as aforesaid, to be delivered unto three or more of such Commissioners for the respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Towns, Divisions or Places for which they were appointed Collectors relpcc tively, within the Space of ten Days after the first Meeting of the Commissioners yearly.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required strictly to peruse the Certificates or af fefi ments, which by this Act are before directed to be annually delivered to them, and a'so to examine the Assessors and Presentors thereof; and if the said Commissioners, or any three of them, within their several Limits or Divisions, shall, at the Time of the Delivery of such Certificates or aitehinents, or within ten Days after, have certain Knowledge or Cause to suspect that any dwelling house or Houses, or the Names amt on sufp cion of any Persons which ought to bs charged by this Atft, are omitted in the said Certificates, or the full Num otwrongch up., ber of Windows in any House not set down, or that any dwelling house is under charged, or not duly char 10 Summon th ged, according to the Directions of this A CL the said Commissioners, or any three of them, shall have Power °calpiert to fumtnon the Person or Persons inhabiting such dwelling house to appear before them at a Day and Place to be prefixed, to be examined touching the Rates and Duties aforesaid, or couching other Matters which may any way concern the Premises; if any Person or Persons summoned to be so examined shall neglect to appear, not having a reasonable Excuse for such his Default, every Person so making Default shall pay persons ummon umo his Majesty double the Sum of the Rate he should or ought to have been set at j and moreover the said n" vdou bjo1 " Commissioners, to whom such Certificates or Assessments shall be delivered, or any three of them, or any U

other three Commissioners of the respective Counties, Shires or Stewartries, where such afteffrnent shall be made, shall have Power, and are hereby required, by all lawful Ways and Means, to examine and inquire into and concerning the Number of Windows or Lights in any dwelling house thereby charged, or of any Commissioners dwelling house omitted to be charged, and thereupon to enlarge, alter, abate or diminish the said Assess to examine into ments so delivered to the said Commissioners, so that such Rate or Rates may be set and imposed upon every ^hov^cha0/ such dwelling house as shall be according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and the said Commis 'settle"

fioners, or any three or more of them, shall, after i'uch Perusal and Examination thereof, set their Hands, he rates. to the said respective Assessments, teflifying their Allowance thereof, and shall likewise nominate and an Commissioners point two of the Persons named in the said Certificate or assessment to be Collectors, or any other two such to sign the Af persons as they shall think able and lefponfible, for the respective Divisions and Places for which they were (effments, and so presented; shall forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered, such assessment so by them allowed of, nominate Col. unto the respective Persons by them nominated to be Collectors for the Year ensuing, who are hereby iliidtly enjoined and required to collect and pay the several Rates and Duties so rated and assessed, and to give Acquittances according to the Directions herein before contained for and touching the Collecters of the said Duties hereby granted, and under the set oral Penalties and Forfeitures hereby infiidted upon Collectors for Neglect or nonperformance of their Duty.

X. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, shall cause true Dupli Commissioners cates of the said Assessments to be nude out, within three Months at farthest after the twenty.fifth Day of tl> givem dupu alarch yearly (the Appeals being firfc heard and determined) and delivered unto the respective Receivers

General) and allb transmitted into the Offices of the King's Remembrancer, in the Exchequer in England and Scotland respectively; for which Duplicates the proper Officers shall give Acquittances gratis, so as every of them may be duly charged to anl wer their respective Collections and Receipts; and that the said Duplicates shall be made for the same Hundreds, Wards, Panfries or Places, for which distinct Duplicates are and have been usually made out for the Land Tax; and that in every such Duplicate, the said of shall cause to be inferred the Names and Surnames of the several Assessors and Collectors for every such Duplicates to Hundred, Ward, Parish or Place as aforesaid; that the respective Receivers General shall pay the feve "jp10 the Af' ral Sums of Money, by them received by virtue of this Act, into his Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer, by IX Names' Quarterly Payments, upon the several Days herein before appointed for Payment thereof, or within forty Receivers Gene days after; and in case any such receiver-general or his Deputy, shall pay any Part of the Moneys, paid ral to pay the to him or them by any Collector by virtue of this Act to any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than into Moneys quarter the Receipt of his Majesty's said Exchequer, and at or within the respective Times limited by this acts ex b'lra0 tl, e except the necessary Charges of receiving, levying, managing, paying and accounting for the same, as is criuer>1 C herein after directed) then such receiver-general shall, for every such Offence of himself, or his Deputy, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds to him or them that shall sue for the same in any Court of Record, Penalty 5001. by Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no eftoin, Protection or W. ger of Law is to be allowed; and that if any Surveyor of the said Rates and Duties, appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall knowingly or Surveyors ma wilfully, through Favour or Malice, under rate or overrate, or omit to charge any Person or Persons, liable wrong to the Payment of the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, or shall be guilty of any corrupt or illegal r har6cs> c practices in the Execution of his Office, such Surveyor shall, for every such Offence as aforesaid, forfeit to forfeit tool, the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and be dismissed from his said Employment. C

XI. And be it further enacted, That every receiver-general shall have an Allowance of twopence in the Allowance to Pound, for all Moneys which shall be by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and that every Col the several of ledtor shall have threepence in the Pound for what Money he shall pay to the receiver-general, his De fleers for levy, puty or Deputies; and that for the careful writing and transcribing the said Assessments, Warrants, Estreats, '/*?> tllb and Duplicates in due Time, the Clerks of the Commissioners who shall respectively perform the same,

shall, by Warrant under three or more of the Commissioners Hands, have and receive from the respective Receivers General, their Deputy or Deputies, three Halfpence in the Pound of all such Moneys as he shall have received by virtue of such Warrants or Certificates, who is hereby appointed and allowed to pay the same accordingly; provided the said Warrants or Estreats be made out, and the Duplicates delivered to the said receiver-general, and into the n spedlive Offices of the King's Remembrancer, as aforesaid, within the Times limited by this Act, and not otherwise; if any P. rfon or Persons shall refule to pay the several Surn and Sums appointed by this Act for such Person to pay, upon Demand made by the Officer or Col The Rate to ledtor of the Place, according to the Precept or Estreats to him delivered by the Commissionci3 appointed be levied by by this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Officer and Collector, who are hereby thereunto au Diihefs, see, thorized and required, for nonpayment thereof, to distrain the Person or Persons so refilling, by Ids or their Goods or Chattles, and the Distress so taken to keep by the Space of four Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Owners thereof; and if the said Owners do not pay the respective Sums of Money due by this Act within the said four Days, then the said Diflrels to be appraised by two or more of the Inhabitants where the said Distress is taken, and there to be sold by the said Officer, for Payment of the said Money,; sj3d. the Overplus coming by the said Sale (if any be) over and above the Charges of taking and keeping the said a*Distress,

6

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

C 3.

A.D. 1747.

Houses may be broke open by

Warrant

?nd for want of Distress, the Pci son to be committed.

Notice to be given to the Collectors of the Time and Place of Appeals.

Collectors to give Notice in the Church.

Notices to be fixed on the Doors of Churches. commissioners to examine upon Oath; C

Appellant to give A (teitora Notice.

Appeals once heard to be final.

No Persons to be e.cmpted.

Parents, cof minors may liable. See.

Collector, on nonpayment of Moneys,

the comm!hlon ers to commit the Prison, and iclze his Estate.

commwtirnvrs ta point a Time, t General Meeting, C

Distress, to be immediately restored to the Owner thereof; and moreover, it shall and may be lawful to break open (in the daytime) any House, upon Warrant, under the Hands and Seals of three or more of the said Commissioners, calling to their Assistance the Constable, Tythingman, or Headborough, within the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Towns, and Places where any Refusal, Neglect, or Reliftance shall be made; which said Officers are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in the Premises, as they will answer the contrary at their Peril; and if any Person or Persons appointed to pay any of the Duties charged by this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Sum or Sums so appointed to be paid, by the Space of twenty Days after Demand, as aforesaid, where no sufficient Distress can or may be found, whereby the same may be levied, in every such Case, three or more of the Commissioners by this Act appointed, for any such City, County, or Place, are hereby authorised by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit' such Person or Persons to the common Gaol, there to be kept without Bail or Mainprize, until Payment shall be made.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to give the Collectors of the said Rates and Duties hereby granted. Notice at what Time or Times, Place or Places, the Appeals of any Person or Persons, who shall think themselves aggrieved, by being overrated by the said assess ors, may be heard and determined; which Day or Days of Appeal, so to be appointed by the said Commissioners, shall be within thirty Days from the respective Quarterly Days by this Act appointed for Payment of the said Rates and Duties; and every such Collector is hereby also required, within ten Days after such Notice from the said Commissioners, to cause public Notice to be given in every Parish Church or Chapel of Ease belonging to any such Parish within his District or Division, immediately after Divine Service, on the lord's Day (if any such Divine Southeast rvice shall be performed there within that Time) of the Time and Place so appointed by the said Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals, as aforesaid; shall also cause the like Notices to be fixed in Writing upon the Door of each of the said respective Parish Churches, or Chapels of Ease belonging to any such Parishes, on the same Day, that all Persons who shall think themselves overrated may know when and where to make their Appeal to the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall examine the Parties complaining, upon his or her Oath, concerning the Number of Windows or Lights in the dwelling house or Houses for which he or they is or are respectively charged; and upon uu'e Examination or Knowledge thereof, shall abate, defalk, encieafe, or enlarge the said aitdt ment and the same so increased or enlarged, on nonpayment thereof, shall be estreated by them into the Exchequer in Manner aforesaid; every Person so intending to appeal to the said Commissioners shall and is hereby required to give Notice thereof in Writing to one or more of the assessors of the Parish wherein he is rated, of such his Intention to appeal, that such aflcftor or assessors may then and there attend to justify the said assessment.

XIII. And it is hereby declared, That all Appeals once heard and determined by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or the major Part of them then present, on the Day or Days by them appointed for hearing Appeals, as aforesaid, shall be final, without any further Appeal upon any Pretence whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Letters Patents granted by the King's Majesty, or any of his Royal Progenitors; or to be granted by his Majesty to any Person or Persons, Cities, Boroughs, or Towns Corporate within this Realm, of any Manner of Liberties, Privileges, or Exemptions from Subsidies, Tolls, Taxes, assessments, or Aids, shall be construed or taken to exempt any Person or Persons, City, Borough, or Town Corporate, or any the Inhabitants of the same, from the Burden and Charge of any Sum or Sums of Money granted by this Act, and all non obftantes, in such Letters Patents, made or to be made in Bar of any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Supply or Assistance of his Majesty, are hereby declared to be void and of none Effect; such Letters Patents, Grants or Charters, or any Clause of ncn objlantc, or other Matter or Thing therein contained, or any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons, chargeable with any Rates or assessments by this Act imposed, shall be under the Age of one and twenty Years, in every such Case the Parents, Guardians, and Tutors of such Infants respectively, upon Default of Payment by such Infants, shall he, and are hereby made liable to, and charged with the Payments which such Infants ought to have made; and if such Parents, Guardians, or Tutors shall neglect or refuse to pay as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to proceed against them, in like Manner as against any other Person or Persons making Default of Payment, as herein before is mentioned; and all Parents, Guardians, and Tutors making Payment as aforesaid, shall be allowed all and every the Sums paid for such Infants upon his or their Accounts

VI. And he itjurther enactedjuid declared, That if any Collector that shall, by virtue of this Act, be

: gleft or refuse to pay any, ay the same as in and by this Act is directed, and shall detain in his or their Hands any Money' received by them, or any of them, and not pay the same at such Time as by this Act is directed, the Commissioners of each County', Shire, stewartry, Riding, City or Town respectively, or any three or more of them, in their respective Divisions, are hereby authorised and empowered to imprison the Person, and seize and secure the Estate, as well Freehold as Copyhold, and all other Estate, both Real and Personal of such Collector to him belonging, or which shall defcciid or come into the Hands or possession of his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, wheresoever the same can be discovered and found; and the said Commissioners who shall so seize and secure the Estate of any Collector or Collectors, shall be, and are hereby empowered to appoint a Time for a General Meeting of the Commissioners for such County, Shire, Stewartry, Riding, City, Town or Place, and there to cause public Notice to be given of the Place where such Meeting shall be appointed, ten Days at least before such

General

appointed for the Receipt of any Sums of Money thereby to be assessed, shall Sum or Sums of Money which shall be by him received as aforesaid, and to p; n

A.D. 1747. Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

C 3.

General Meeting; and the Commissioners present at such General Meeting, or the major Part of them, in case the Moneys detained by any such Col edlor or Collectors be not paid or falisfied as it ought to be, according to the Directions of this Act, shall be, and are hereby empowered and required to sell and dispose am) to mnk« of all such Estates which shall be for the Cause aforesaid seized and secured, or any Part of them, to satisfy Sale of the and pay into the Hands of the receiver-general the Sum that shall be so detained in the Hand of such Col estates le£lor or Collectors, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators respectively.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all privileged and other Places being extra parochial, and not in privileged within the Constablewicks or Precincts of the respective Assessors to be appointed by virtue of this Act, the places 'he Com. said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint two fit Persons, living in or near the said privileged or other Places as aferei aid, to be Assessors for the p°lr' ' e °'s' Said Places, and to make and return their said assessments, in like Manner as by this Act is appointed in any anl Collectors. Parish, Tything or Place; and also to appoint two or more Collector or Collectors, who are hereby required to coliedl and pay the same, according to the Rates appointed by this Act, for collecting and paying all Sums of Money payable by this Act.

XVIII. Provided also; That no Person inhabiting in any City, Borough or Town Corporate, shall be None oblised (o

compelled to be an Assessor or Collector of or for any Part of the Rates and Assessments hereby granted in coilcft, C out any Place or Places out of the Limits of the said City, Borough or i own Corporate. cf 'he Limits.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners that shall be within Commissioners any County, Shire, Stewartry, City or Place within the respective Limits, or the major Part of them, shall to afiefs Com

rate and assess every other Commissioner joined with them for or in respect of the Rates and Duties hereby missionersand granted, so as the Residence and usual dwelling place of such Commissioner so to be assessed, be within the Ail'eflots. i ivision of such Commissioners by whom he is assessed; the Commissioners within their Division shall also assess every Assessor, for all and Angular the Premises for which by this Act he ought to be rated and assessed; as well all Sums assessed upon every the said Commissioners and Assessors, as Assessments made and set by the Assessors aforesaid, shall be levied and gathered as the same Should and ought to have been, if such Persons had not been named Commissioners.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Stay of Prosecution, upon any Command, War No Stay of pro rant, Motion, or Order or Direction by Non 'unit ulterius prosequi, shall be had, made, admitted, received, fscudon.

or allowed by any Court whatsoever, in any Suitor Proceeding, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, or otherwise, for the Recovery of all or any the Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures upon any Person or Persons by this Act inflicted, or therein mentioned, for or in order to the Conviction or Disability of any Person offending agaiml this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Assessor, Collector, or other Person appointed by the said commiiuoners Commissioners, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to perform his Duty in the due and speedy Execution of this to(.fine Per'c, i3 Act, the said respective Commissioners, or any three or more of them, may and shall, by virtue of this Act, ^cl'r 0^'° d impose on such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting their Duties, any Fine not exceeding the Sum of" ut/' twenty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds for any one Offence; the lame to be levied and certified as aforesaid, and given in Charge to the respective Receivers General amongst the Rates aforesaid; the said Commissioners Commissioners, or any three or more of them, may and shall, from time to time call for, and require an Account

from the respective Receivers General, of all the Moneys received by them of the said Collectors, and of rai^ccounis" the Payment thereof into his Majesty's Exchequer, according to the Directions of this Act; and in case of a, d in case of a Failure in the Premises, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby required to Failure to levy, cause the same to be forthwith levied and paid according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and Commissioners in case of any Controversy arising between the said Commissioners concerning the said Rates or aiteiirnents, concerned to the Commissioners that shall be concerned therein shall have no Voice, but shall withdraw during the De have no Voice bate of such Controversy until it be determined by the rest of the Commissioners; all Questions and, n Coniroveriies, Differences that shall arise, touching any of the said Rates and Duties, shall be heard and finally determined complaints t by three or more of the Commissioners, upon Complaint thereof to them made by any Person or Persons be determined thereby grieved, without further Trouble or Suit in Law; and the said receiver-general, his Deputy or by the Commis deputies, shall give Acquittances gratis to the said Collectors, for all Moneys by them received in pursuance Goners, of this Act; which Acquittances shall be a full Discharge to the said Collectors respectively; and the said Collectors to Collectors shall make and deliver to the said Receivers General, their Deputy or Deputies, a perfect Sche R. dule fairly written in Parchment, under their Hands and Seals, signed and allowed by any three or more of UL "rs' the said respective Commissioners, containing the Names, Surnames, and Places of Abode of every Person within their respective Colltdlions, that shall make Default of Payment of any of the Sums that shall be to be returned rated or assessed on such Person for such Rate or Duty by virtue of this Act, and the Sum and Sums char into the erche ged on every such Person; same to be by him returned into his Majesty's said Courts of Exchequer in L luer england and Scotland respectively, whereupon every Person so making Default of Payment, may be charged by Process of Court, according to the Course thereof in that Behalf; and all and every the proper Officers respectively herein concerned, shall, and they are herein required to take care, from time to time, that such Process be duly issued and made effedlusl, so that all such Sums as shall be in arrear and unpaid as aforesaid, may be speedily recovered and paid into his Majesty's Exchequer.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Constables and Headboroughs, Tythingmen and confltve?, C other his Majesty's Officers, shall, and are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively aiding and assist to "flying in the Execution of this Act, and to obey and execute such Precepts or Warrants as shall be to them

directed in that Behalf, by the respective Commissioners hereby appointed, or any three or more of them.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Moneys due and payable by this Collctf ors to Act, shall be paid by the particular Collectors of the respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Bop <y'»'11c Re roughs. Towns. Parishes and Places who shall coliedl the same, unto such receiver-general, to be ap ctelve; Ger, eral» pointed as aforesaid to receive the same, or the Deputy or Deputies of such receiver-general, to be ap

3 C 3. Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1747.

pointed under his Hand and Seal, whereof Notice shall be given by the receiver-general unto the commissioners, or any three or more of them, within their respective Divisions, within twenty Days after their first General Meeting, and so, from time to time, within twenty Days after every Death or Removal of any Deputy, if any such shall happen; and the Receipt of such receiver-general, his Deputy or Deputies, or any of them, shall be a sufficient Discharge unto every such Collector.

Collectors not to

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the particular Collectors, for Payment of any Sums by them repo above 10 ceived, unto such receiver-general, or his Deputy, shall not be obliged to travel above ten Miles from the pj1mentmake ace of their Habitations.

Receivers Gene

XXV. And for the better preventing such unjust Vexations, as might be occasioned by such Persons as ral retting per be appointed Receivers General of any of the Sums of Money granted by this Act, and to the Intent

fonsinfoper, C the Receivers General may return a true Account into his Majesty's salt! Courts of Exchequer in England and Scotland respectively, of such Sums of Money as shall be received by them and every of them, their and every of their Deputy and Deputies; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such receiver-general shall return or certify unto the Paid Courts, any Sum or Sums of Money to be in arrear or unpaid, after the same have been received either by such receiver-general, or his Deputy or Deputies, or any of them, or shall cause any Person or Persons to be set insuper in the said Courts, for any Sum or Sums to forfeit double of Money that hath been so received, that then every such receiver-general shall forfeit to every Person Damages j and persons that shall be molested, vexed or damaged, by reason of such unjust Certificate, Return or setting insuper, double the Damages that shall be thereby occasioned; said Damages to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information; in which no Essoin, Protection or A Wager of Law shall be and to the King allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance; and shall also forfeit to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, double the Sum. double the Sum that shall be so unjustly certified or returned, or caused to be set insuper.

Receivers

XXVI. And it is hereby provided, declared, and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Receiver

chargeable with of any the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, or any Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of such re the an eais of ceiver, shall, in any Accounts of the Moneys wherewith such Receiver shall he chargeable (unless such ac theu accounts, count be declared and passed in the Exchequer, within two Years at the farthest after the End of the Year for which such Rates and Duties shall be payable) be allowed or admitted to set insuper, or charge any County, Division or Place, for any Moneys granted by this Act, which shall be in arrear and unpaid, but that the same shall remain a Debt upon every such Receiver, to be answered by him and his Securities, his and their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, Lands, Tenements, Goods and Chattles respectively; thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Commissimers

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner or Commissioners, ch^7al jetof cmp]°yed 'n le Execution of this Act, shall be liable for or by reason of such Execution, to

a/car?*. cal any t^le Penalties mentioned in an Act made the five and twentieth Year of King Charles the Second, for preventing of Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants.

Penalties how

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures, to be incurred for any tube levied. Offences against this Act, for which there is no particular Way of levying herein before prcl cribed or appointed, shall be levied by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of three or more of the respective conimif sioners of the Division or Place where any such Offence was or shall be committed, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Offender, rendering the Overplus to the Owner thereof after a Deduction of reasonable Charges for diffraining the same.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That such dwelling houses only where the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, by reason of his, her or their Poverty only is or are exempted from the ufital Taxes, Payments and Contributions towards the Church and Poor, shall be construed or understood to be excepted out of this Act, or discharged of the Rates and Duties hereby granted, and that only in such Cases where the dwelling houses so occupied are Cottages, not containing above nine Windows or Lights in the whole; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And for the better ascertaining and collecting the said several Rates and Duties upon Koufes, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treaftirer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, from time to time, to confttute and appoint such Person or Persons as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treaftirer for the time being, shall think meet, to be the Officer or Officers for the Survey and Inspection of the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, within the said Kingdom of Great Britain, and for view ing and numbering the several Windows or Lights in each House, and for the inspecting and examining the Assessments or Certificates thereof, made and to be made from time to time in pursuance of this Act, and doing all Things belonging to the same; which Officers, or any of them, shall have full Power to examine and supervise the Assessments of the Houses, Windows, or Lights rated n every Parish and Place, as aforesaid; at seasonable Times, with a Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or other Officer of the respective parish.es or Places within Great Britain, who are hereby required to assist such Officers accordingly, to view and examine whether there he any more Windows than are certified and rated in such Assessment, and shall have Liberty to pals through any House or Houses, in order to go into any Court, Yard or Backside thereunto belonging, and externally to view and inspect the Windows or Lights in any such House orhouses, that cannot be conveniently fecn or numbered, without raffing through such House or Houses; shall also have Liberty to make like View, Examination and Inspection twice in the Year during the Continuance of this Act; and if upon or after such View, or Examination and Inspection of the Assessments, as aforesaid, such Officer or Officers shall find that any Person or Premises are underrated, or not rated and charged, as by this Act is directed and appointed, such Officer or Officers shall certify the lame to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, within the Division, Hundred, Parish or Place wherein such Neglect or Failure shall happen to be j which said Commissioners, or any three or

Houses exempted.

Surveyors 2nd J a ipc&ors to be appointed.

more

A.D. 1747. Anno vicesimo Georgii II. c. 3, C

more of them, shall and are hereby required to cause such Rate or Rates to be set upon every such Person and Premises as shall be according to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act.

XXXI. And be it also enacted and declared, That where any House shall be inhabited by two or more a House? in Person or Persons, or Family or Families, such House shall nevertheless be subject to, and shall in like Man bited ty z ra ner pay the Rates and Duties charged on Houses, Windows, or Lights, by this Act, as if such House was '^es i)ovv u - by one Person or Family only.

XXXII. Provided always, That each distinct Chamber or Apartment, in any College or Hall in any of Apartments in the Universities of Great Britain, shall be subject to the same Rates or Duties as if it were an entire House Colleges, paying to Church and Poor.

XXXIII. And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every Edifice in any of the inn£ofcour[ Inns of Court or Chancery, being severally in the Tenure or Occupation of any Person or Persons, shall be subject to the same Rates and Duties for the Number of Windows therein, as if it were an entire House; every House, whereof the Keeping only is committed or left to the Care or Charge of any Person or m.d. Houses left Servant, who doth not pay to the Church and Poor, shall be subject to the like Rates and Duties, for the to the Careof Windows or Lights therein, as if it were inhabited by the Occupier, or by a Tenant, and to be paid by Servants, the respective Occupiers or Tenants of the same.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be any Arrear of Arrears of coi the said Rates or Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, by reason of the Failure of any such Collector left "rs to be reor Collectors, as aforesaid, for which any Parish or Place shall be answerable, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the Commissioners for the said Rates and Duties, to cause such Arrear to be re assessed within the said Parish or Place respectively, on all such Houses, Windows or Lights, as are liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, and to cause the same to be raised, and (for Default of Payment) to be levied by such Ways and Means, as the pates and Duties on Houses, Windows or Lights, are by this Act directed to be raised and levied in such Parishes or Places respectively, and to cause the Money so raised or levied to be paid to the receiver-general of the said Rates and Duties, or into the Exchequer, for the respective Uses and Purposes whereunto such Arrears (if they had been duly paid by the said Collectors)

are hereby appropriated.

XXXV. And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That where any dwelling house is In what

or shall be left in different Apartments, to several Persons, and the Landlord of such House pays other Landlords are Taxes and Parish Rates for the same, such Landlord shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier of such liable. dwelling house, and be charged with, and liable to pay the said Rates and Duties for the same, as one entire House.

XXXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Collector or Collectors of the said Rates Collectors ga

and Duties by this Act granted, shall collect or gather the same by any Rate or Book, other than such Rateherine H a

and Book as shall be signed and allowed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid; that in case any such, 'seo, lk>

Collector or Collectors shall collect the same by any other Rate or Book, or shall receive such Rates and

Duties from any Person or Persons not charged therewith, or shall collect from any Person or Persons more Money than is actually charged in such Rate or Book, and not pay the whole Money by him collected, or fraudulently alter any such Rate or Book, after the same hath been signed and allowed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid; such Collector or Collectors shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of forfeit 201. twenty Pounds, to be levied as by this Act is directed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surveyors appointed or to be Surveyors to appointed as aforesaid, for the said Rates and Duties, shall be, and they are hereby empowered to inspect examine, C and examine the Rates and assessments for any Parish or Place, before the Commissioners shall have signed

and allowed the same, and to alter and amend such Rates and assessments, if he or they shall see just Cause Commissioners for so doing; and if any such Surveyor or Surveyors shall, after the said Rates or Assessments are signed and 0m: ffions allowed as aforesaid, find or discover upon his or their Survey, that any dwelling houses, Windows or warjs sbc Ccr lights, which should and ought to be charged with the said Rates and Duties, have been omitted to be tified by way of charged therewith, or are underrated, such Surveyor or Surveyors shall certify the same in Writing under Surcharge, his Hand, by way of Surcharge, to any three or more of the said Commissioners, in order to have such Omission or under rate certified in the said assessment; and such Commissioners are thereupon to cause the same to be rebtified, and the said Rates and Duties levied accordingly.

XXXVIII. And to obviate any Doubts which may arise about the charging of Windows or Lights, within the Meaning of this Act, when two or more Windows or Lights are fixed in one Frame; it is further enabled, That when a Partition or Division between such Windows or Lights is or shall be of the ln

Breadth or Space of twelve Inches, the Window or Light on each Side of such Partition or Division, shall becharced" to be deemed as a distinct Window or Light, and be rated accordingly; and that all Windows in Frames s

which are or shall be extended so far as to give Light into more Rooms than one, such Windows shall be reckoned and charged as so many separate Windows, as there are Rooms enlightened thereby.

CXXXIX. And whereas it bath been found by Experience, that the Duties upon Houses granted by former Acts of Parliament, have been greatly lessened by means of Persons frequently flopping up Win

or Lights in their dwelling houses, in order to evade the Payment of the said Duties, and opening

the same again It is hereby further enacted, That if any Occupier of any dwelling house shall open windowsopen any Windows or Lights which have been stopped up as aforesaid, after the assessments are settled, and the d without Nu warrants for collebling the said Rates and Duties are signed by the said Commissioners, without first giving, given, or causing to be given Notice thereof in Writing to the Surveyor of the said Rates and Duties, every such Occupier or Occupiers of such dwelling house or Houses, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for each Penalty, respective Window or Light opened as aforesaid; be levied as by this Act is directed.

1 XL And whereas it hath often happened, that several assessments and Duplicates of the Duties on

Houses, granted by the said before recited Acts of Parliament, have not been made out in due Time, to

IO

C

Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1747.

Tax ho; V rcco* verable where

Officers to take Instructions from the trea liiry.

Treasury to appoint Salaries

the Prejudice of the said Revenue, for want of a sufficient Number of acting Commissioners in the Parishes or Places where such Assessments or Duplicates ought to have been made It is hereby further enacted. Commits )!>cvs, That, in all such Cases, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners, appointed for putting' in lie Neigh, this Act in Execution, living in any neighbouring Parish or Place within the same County, and they are /arrt.'ti hereby empowered, to make out and sign such Assessments or Duplicates, which are or shall be wanting for

S; c' any such Parishes or Places as aforesaid.

XLI. And whereas it may frequently happen, that Persons quitting their dwelling houses, may remove to other Parishes or Places without first discharging or paying the Rates and Duties charged upon him, her or them for the House or Houses they so quitted, whereby the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted will be lost, unless such Person or Persons so removing can after such Removal be compelled, to pay the same It is hereby enabled and declared, That the Commissioners afling by virtue of this Act, within such Parish or Place where such Rates and Duties are charged upon, and unpaid by the Person or ti Occupier re Persons removing as aforesaid, shall sign and cause to be transmitted a Certificate thereof to the commis fiojiers acting within the Parish or Place where the Person or Persons making such Default of Payment shall happen to rende; which Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and are hereby empowered to raise and levy the said Rates and Duties charged upon the Party or Parties removed as aforesaid, and cause. the Moneys so raised and levied, to be paid to the collerors of the Parish or Place from whence the said' - Person or Persons did or shall remove, so as the same may be paid and applied according to the true Intent, and Meaning of this Act.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Surveyors, and all other Officers and Persons who shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, shall observe and follow such Orders, Inftrtidions and Directions, as they shall, from time to time, receive from the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, for the better Execution of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted.

XLIII i rovided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys, from time to time arisen or to arise of or for the said Rates and Duties on Houses, Windows or Lights, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to settle and appoint such Salaries and Allowances for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Surveyors and other Officers to be employed in the Execution of this Act, and otherwise in relation thereto; and also to discharge such incident Charges and Expenses as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being, shall think fit and reasonable in that Behalf.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster, a Book or Books, in which all the Moneys, hereby appointed to be paid into the said Receipts as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Moneys, so appointed to be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be the yearly Fund for the several Purposes herein after mentioned.

Appropriation of

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Annuities, which by this Act shall be granted and made payable, in respect of the Principal Sum of four millions, to be raised in such Manner and Form as is herein after directed, as also of the additional Capital of ten Pounds, herein after directed to be added to every one hundred Pounds, advanced towards raising the said Sum of four Millions, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, shall be charged, and chargeable upon, and payable out of the several Rates and Duties by this Act granted to his Majesty; the said several Rates and Duties shall and are hereby appropriated for that Purpose accordingly.

XLVI. And whereas several Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, have subscribed and agreed to advance the said Sum of four millions for the Public Service, for the Purchase of

Annuities after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum \ and the said Subscribers or Contributors

have, in pursuance of a Resolution of the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, deposited with the first or chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, the Sum of ten Pounds per Centum in Part of the Principal Sums by them respectively subscribed as aforesaid, and are desirous to pay the remaining Principal Sums by them subscribed, towards.

raising the said Sum of four millions, at such Times, and in such Manner as shall be appointed in that behalf be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every such Contributor or Contributors, who have already deposited with the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the said Sum of ten Pounds per Centum as aforesaid, to advance and pay unto the said Cashier or Cashiers, at or before the respective Days or Times, and in the Proportions herein after by this. AH limited in that Behalf, the remaining Principal Sums by them subscribed towards the said Sum of four millions, for the Purchase of any certain Annuity or Annuities, to commence from the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, which shall he in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and to be paid and payable to such Contributor or Contributors, or such as he, Hie or they shall nominate his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns respectively, in Manner herein after mentioned; which Annuities before mentioned shall be computed at the Rate of four Pounds per Annum for every one hundred Pounds, and proportionally for any greater or less Sum so to be advanced and paid; and the remaining Purchase Money for every such Annuity, at the Rate aforesaid, is hereby appointed to be paid unto the said Cashier or Cashiers aforesaid, at or before the

Time for respective Days or Times herein after limited; that is to say, One tenth Part thereof on or before the fe i liet, gr venteenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and forty six; one fifth Part thereof on or before tfonty., the

Book of Entry to be kept,

this Fund,

Subscribers allowed 4]. percent, liitcreft.

Annuities when to 1 eminence.

A.D. 1747. Anno vicesimo Georgii II. c. 3. 'x i

she seventeenth Day of March then next ensuing; other fifth Part thereof on or before the nineteenth Day of May then next ensuing; other fifth Part thereof on or before the fourteenth Day of July then next ensuing; and the remaining fifth Part thereof on or before the twenty second Day of September then next following: All which Annuities, so to be purchased, shall be paid and payable at two of the most usual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Feasts of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mar, and of sainvmichael the Archangel, by even and equal Portions, or within six Days after every of the said Fen ft Day's; the first Payment thereof to be due and payable at the Feast Day of the Annunciation of the Blessed \ Mary, which shall be in the Year of ourlord one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, or within six Days after the said Feast Day; Nevertheless, the said Annuities shall be redeem Annuities liable according to the Purport and true Meaning of a Proviso or, Condition herein after mentioned in that decmable. Behalf, and not otherwise; and the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Caftin of ih« Bank of England for the time being, is and are hereby authorised and required forthwith to give Receipts in 10:, VE Writing, signed by himself or themselves, to such Contributor or Contributors, for all Sums of Money by receiptsi them deposited with, or paid unto such Caflrier or Cashiers before the passing of this Act; as 'also for such other Sum or Sums of Money as shall hereafter be advanced and paid to him or them by any such Contributors or Payers thereof as aforesaid (which Receipts shall be assignable by Endorsement thereupon made Receipts tubs at any Time before the twenty second Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and assignable. no longer;,) provided the said Cashier or Cashiers do first give Security to the good Liking of any three or camerto glees more of the Commissioners of the treasury now being, or of the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Security. Treasury for the time being, for duly answering and paying into, the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, all the Moneys which he or they have already received, or shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of or for the said Sum, not exceeding four millions, as fast as he or they shall receive the same, or any Part thereof, and to account for all the Moneys so to be advanced and paid to him or them, in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof.

XLVII. And it is hereby enacted, That in the Office of the Accomptant General of the Governor and Rook robe kept Company of the Bank of England for the time being, these e shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in foremering which there shall be fairly entered the Names of all who shall be Contributors for such Annuities, after the Contributors Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum as aforesaid, and of all Persons by whose Hands the said Contri Namts> c butors shall pay in any of the said Sums upon this Act, and also the Sums so paid; and the said Accomptant General is hereby also authorised and required, upon the full Payment of the Sum of four millions to the said Cashier or Cashiers by such Contributors as aforesaid, forthwith to place to the Credit of every such Contributor, in the same Book or Books as are herein before directed to be provided by the said Accomp Contributors to lant General, for entering the Names of all such Contributors, and the Sums by them paid for the Purchase *of the said Annuities, an additional Capital of ten Pounds, to be added to every Sum of one hundred Capital of iok Pounds, by them respectively advanced for the Purposes aforesaid, and foin Proportion for a greater or for every tool, lesser Sum; which said additional Capital shall be attended with Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds to carry 4l. per per Centum per Annum, and shall be charged upon, and paid out of the said Rates and Duties by this Act Cent, interest. granted, at the same Feast Days, and in the same Manner, as the Annuities herein before made payable, in respect of the said Principal Sum of four millions, are to be paid and payable, and subject also to the same Proviso of Redemption by Parliament herein after contained in that Behalf; and it shall and may be Contributors to lawful for the said respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, successors and Assigns, from inrpeft time to time, and at all seasonable Times, to have Resort to, and inspect the said Book or Books without books gralls' any Fee or Charge; and the said Accomptant General for the time being, shall, on or before the twenty Duplicate of the fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, transmit an attested Duplicate fairly writ boobto, ben ten on Paper, of the said Book or Books, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Ex 1 e XC e<luerv chequer, there to remain for ever.

XLVIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Contributor and Con Annuities en tributors upon this Act, duly paying the whole Consideration or Purchase Money, at the Rate aforesaid, Jjred to the at or before the respective Days and Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, for such Annuity or Annui Contributorf> ties as aforesaid, or such as he, she or they shall appoint, his, her or their respective Executors, administrators, Successors and Assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Act, to have, receive and enjoy, the respective Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased, together with the Annuity or Annuities made payable by this Act, in respect to the said additional Capital as aforesaid, out of the Moneys by this Act appropriated or appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, and shall have good and sure.

Estates and Interests therein for ever, subject only to the Proviso or Condition of Redemption, in this Act afterwards contained concerning the same; and that all the several and respective Annuities, payable in pursuance of this Act, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, on all and every the principal Sums for which the same are payable, shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions whatsoever. free from Taxes,

XLIX. And it is hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Moneys paid tie fersons who shall become interested in, or entitled to any Annuity or Annuities, Part of the said Sum of the Times four millions subscribed for in pursuance of this Act, who shall, before the passing of this Act, have ad umte vanced or paid, or shall hereafter advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers, the Whole, or any Part of the remaining purchase money, payable in respect thereof, before any of the respective Days or Times herein limited or appointed for Payment thereof, such Person or Persons shall be allowed Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for all and every such Suni and Sums of Money as shall be so to carl? 5i, pr advanced and paid to such Cashier or Cashiers, by any such Contributors as aforesaid, from the respective Cent. Intercit. Time or Times of their actual Payment thereof, to Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby authorised and required to cause the said Interest to be paid upon such respective Sums, as shall be so ad

C 3 vanced

Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1747.

to forfeit the Sum advanced.

Chief Cashier

appointed.

Moneys for the

On Payment vaneed accordingly, out or the Moneys to be contributed in pursuance of this A:; and in case any such the whole Pur Person or Persons shall complete the Payment of the whole Purchase Money, payable for any such annui thafe Money, ties, he, she or they shall have such respective Sums, as they shall become interested in, or entitled unto, the Annuities to forthwith placed to the Credit of the said Contributors, and made transferrable in the Books of the Bank of be transfertab e. £n, lan^ by this Act appointed to be kept for that Purpose.

Contributors not L Provided, That in case any such Contributors as aforesaid, who have already deposited with the said prying within Cashier ot Cashiers, one tenth Part of his, her or their Purchase Money, or his, her or their Executors, hrifc^im: S Administrators, Successors or Assigns, do not advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers, one other 1*-- tenth Part of his, her or their Confederation Money so to be paid for such respective Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, on or before the seventeenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and one fifth Part thereof, on or before the seventeenth Day of March then next ensuing; one other fifth Part thereof, on or before the nineteenth Day of May then next ensuing; one other fifth Part thereof, on or before the fourteenth Day of July then next ensuing; and the remaining fifth Part thereof on or before the twenty second Day of September then next following; then, and in every such Case respectively, so much of the Consideration Money, as shall have been actually paid in Part thereof only to the said Cashier or Cafhiqrs for such respective Annuity, shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public; anything in this aisf contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. And for the more easy and sure Payment of the several Annuities by this Act authorised to be purchased as aforesaid, amounting in the whole to the Sum of four millions, as also of the several Annuities payable in respect of the said additional Capital, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England., and their successors shall, from time to and Accomptant time, until the said several and respective Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, General to be shall] be redeemed according to this Act, appoint and employ one or more sufficient Person or Persons, within their Office in the City of London, to be their chief Cashier or Cashiers, and one other sufficient Person, within the same Office, to be their Accomptant General; and that so much of the Moneys, from time to time arising into the said Receipt of the Exchequer for the said Rates and Duties by this Act appropriated for this Purpose, as shall be sufficient, from time to time, to answer the said several and respective Annuities, and other Payments directed to be paid or discharged out of the same, shall, by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors for the time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf, from time to time, at the respective half yearly Feast Days of Payment, in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer to the said tirlt or chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng annuiticstobe land, and their successors for the time being, by way of Impressed and upon account, for the Payment as well iqued from the of the said several and respective Annuities to be purchased upon this Act, as of the Annuities payable in Exchequer, C respect of the said additional Capital as aforesaid, at such time, and in such Manner and Form, as are by Cufhiers to make this Act prescribed in that Behalf; and that all and every such Cashier or Cashiers, to whom the said Mo payments. nies shall from time to time be ifi ued, shall, from time to time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his Account thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

accomptantge

LII. And it is hereby also enabled, That the said Accomptant General for the time being shall, from time neralto inipeit to time, inspebl and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers Cdibiers Rc re]ating thereunto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay; and that all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall be entitled to any of the said several and respective Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds irr Centum per Annum, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof, as, of a Personal Estate, and the same shall not be descendable to the Heir, and shall not be liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise; Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to be advanced or contributed, or to which any Person or Persons shall become entitled to, upon this Act, for or towards the said Sum, not exceeding four millions, together with the additional Capital of ten Pounds, herein before directed to be added to every one hundred Pounds advanced by such Contributors, shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be one Capital or Joint Stock, on which the said several and respective Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Atinum, shall be attending; and that all and every Person and Fer tonnes, and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money by him, her or them advanced, or to which they shall become entitled, as aforesaid, upon this Act, shall have, and he deemed to have, a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock, and in the Annuity attending the same, at the Rate afore franaferrable.; that the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferrable as this Acts directs, and not otherwise; Ebok to hr kept and that there fhidl conilantly be kept, at all seasonable times, in the Office of the said Accomptant ge (or Transfers. neral for the time being, within the City of London, a Book or Books, wherein all Alignments or Transfers of the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered; Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers; or if such Parties be absent, by his, her or their Attorney or Attorneys thereunto lawfully authorised, in Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses; and that the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer shall be made do under write his, her or their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning or transferring the said Stock, and the Annuities attending the same, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law.

ccipts.

Annuities to be a Personal Estate, C

The Moneys contributed to be a J lint btock, &c.

Entries to be ligned by the Pai ties transferring and accepting.

A.D. 1747. Anno vicesimo Georgii II. c. 3. 13

LIV. Provided always, That any Person or Persons possessed of such Stock, with the Annuity or An Annuities tenuities attending the same, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same, by Will in Writing, at viieable, C telled by two or more credible Witnesses; but that such Devisee shall receive no Payment thereupon, till so much of the said Will, as relates to the said Stock or Annuity, be entered in the said Office; and in In Default of Default of such Transfer or Devise, the said Stock, and Annuities attending the same, shall go to the Exe Devise, C to cutors or Administrators; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers or txecutors< any of them; any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and The Bank to Company of the Bank of England, and their successors (notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any continue a com their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of them) shall continue a Cor Pan V v11 R ".' poration, with all the Powers, Privileges and Advantages thereunto belonging, for the Purposes in this Act Annuiiic'c the expressed, till all the Annuities to be purchased on this Act shall be redeemed by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf; and the said Governor and Company, or any Members thereof, shall not incur any dif.bility, for or by reason of their doing any Matter or Tiling in pursuance of this Act.

LVI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no See or Gratuity whatsoever shall be No See for pav demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects for receiving or paying the said contribution moneys, ment of conrri' or any of them, or for any Tallies or other Receipts concerning the same, or for issuing the Moneys for butlon mon<t paying the said several Annuities, or any of them; and that no See or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken Transfers to be for any Transfer of any Sum great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Act; upon Pain that any Of gratis, freer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any Fee or Gratuity contrary to this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved; to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, in any of his Ma Penalty, jesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

LVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Salaries for Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Cashiers, C Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall have rower, and they are hereby authorised to settle and appoint such Allowances (out of the Contributions to the Annuities granted by this Act) as they shall think just and reasonable, for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Cashier or Cnfhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving and accounting for the said Contributions; and also such further Allowances (out of the said several Rates and Duties by this Act appropriated) as they shall think just and reasonable, for receiving, paying and accounting for the several and respective Annuities payable in respect thereof; and also for the Service, Pains, and trouble of the Accomptant General of the said Governor and Company for performing the Duty and 'Fruit incumbent or him by this Act: All which Allowances hereby empowered to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the Service, Pains, and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVIII. And whereas the said Duties upon Houses granted by the first herein recited Act of the seventh

eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, are (together with sundry other Duties and Revenues, commonly called The General or Aggregate Fund) charged with, and liable to pay several Annuities and other Payments, to several Corporations and other Persons entitled thereunto;

and it may so happen, that by repealing the said Rates and Duties upon Houses, the Funds charged with the Payments aforesaid may prove deficient: And whereas by a Medium of five Years, computed from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, the Sum of ninety one thousand four hundred eighty-five Pounds and sixpence three Farthings, is taken to have been the annual Produce of the said Rates and Duties upon Houses to the said Fund, towards answering the several Pay

aforesaid:: 'the end therefore that no Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, who are entitled to any Part, Share, or Interest in the Moneys arising by the said Rates and Duties upon Houses, may be Losers, or receive any Prejudice by the repealing thereof as aforesaid; it enabled

by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven 91, 485l. J. hundred and forty seven, there shall be reserved and set apart at the Exchequer, and applied to the said Ge three Farthings rural or Aggregate Fund in the first Place, out of the Moneys to arise into the said Receipt, of or for the to be set apart Rates and Duties by this at granted, the yearly Sum of ninety one thousand four hundred eighty-five Pounds and sixpence three Farthings, being the aforesaid Medium of what hath been annually produced to p qn^re the said General or Aggregate Fund, by the said Rates and Duties upon Houses, by this at repealed as aforesaid, towards Payment of the several Annuities, and other Payments charged on the said Fund; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after reserving, or setting apart the said The Surplus yearly Sum of ninety one thousand four hundred eighty-five Pounds, and sixpence three Farthings, herein m.nies how to before directed to be applied to the said General or Aggregate Fund, out of the said Rates and Duties by this^applied.

at granted as aforesaid, all the rest and residue of the Moneys arising into the Exchequer of or for the Said Rates and Duties, shall, from time to time, be issued and applied to satisfy and pay the several and respective Annuities, and other Charges by this at charged upon and made payable out of the same, at such Times, and in such Manner, as is herein before directed in that Behalf, until Redemption thereof by Parliament as aforesaid

And whereas a certain Annuity or yearly Sum of seventy four thousand three hundred thirty-four Pounds, and eleven Pence, is now charged upon, and payable to the south-sea Company, out of the Rates and Duties upon Coals, Culm and Cinders, and the said additional Rates and Duties upon Houses,

granted by the before recited Act of the eighth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

Deficiencies of the Fund for Payment of the Annuity of

74-334' II j to the South Sea Company,

See farther con corning this Company4 Geo. 2.

C 2 & II

2, 6 Geo. 2. c. 16.

to be made good out of these Duties.

The Moneys to be replaced.

Deficiencies of these Duties, chow to be made good.

Sinking Fund to be replaced.

Surplus how to be applied.

Choose of Re riemption.

A.D. 1747.

And whereas it may so happen, that by the repealing the said additional Rates and Duties upon Houses,

the Moneys arising by the said Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders only, may not be sufficient to answer and pay the said Annuity, or yearly Sum of seventy four thousand three hundred thirty-four Pounds 5 and eleven Pence, to the said Company; and it being just and reasonable, that Provision should be made 5 by this Act, for making good any such Deficiency that may happen therein, 'Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Moneys arising into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of or for the said Duties upon Coals, Culm and Cinders, as aforesaid, shall be at any Time or Times, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, he so low or deficient, as not to answer and pay to the said south-sea Company the said Annuity, or yearly Sum of seventy four thousand three hundred thirty-four Pounds, and eleven Pence, charged thereupon as aforesaid; all and every such Case and Cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to cause such Deficiencies, as shall, from time to time, happen in the Produce of the said Rates and Duties upon Coals, Culm and Cinders, to be made good out of any Moneys arisen or to arise into the said Receipt of Exchequer, of or for the Rates and Duties by this Act granted (except such Moneys as are or shall be reserved and set apart for the use and Purpose herein before mentioned.)

LXI. Provided always, That whatever Moneys shall be issued out of the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted, for making good any such Deficiencies as aforesaid, the same shall be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament, next after such Deficiency shall have been made good; anything herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LXII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times, the produce of tyre said Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as aforesaid, shall happen to be so low or deficient, as that, the Moneys arising thereby into the Exchequer, shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the several and respective Annuities, and other Charges by this Act directed to be paid thereout, at the End of either of the respectite half yearly Days of Payment, at which the same are hereby directed to be paid, then, and' so often, and in every such Case, such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall or may be supplied out of the Overplus moneys, that shall or may happen to arise, and be paid into the Exchequer in any subsequent half years, as the said several and respective Annuities shall, from time to time, become due and payable; and in case such Overplus Moneys shall not be sufficient to satisfy the Deficiencies hereby intended from time to time to be paid thereout, that then, and in every such Case, the Deficiencies so from time to time happening, shall from time to time be answered, and made good out of the first Supplies which shall be granted in Parliament, next after such Deficiencies shall appear; and in case no such Supplies shall be granted within six Months next after such deficiencies.shall happen, then the same shall be made good out of any the Moneys which at any Time or Times shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Ule or Uses, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be, from time to time, issued and applied accordingly.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall be so issued out of the said Sinking Fund, shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies, to be then after granted by Parliament.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall beany Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys, arising by the said Rates and Duties, after the said several and respective Annuities, and other Payments or Charges by this Act directed to be paid thereout, and all Arrears thereof are satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose, such Surplus or Remainder shall, from time to time, be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and shall not be iiluc.l but by Authority of Parliament, and as shall be directed by any future Act or Act of Parliament; anything in any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time, upon one year's Notice, to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange of London, by Authority of Parliament, at any of the half yearly Feast Days, for Payment of the said several and respective Annuities, and upon Repayment by Parliament of the Principal Sum of four millions, and also upon Payment of the said additional Capital of four hundred thousand Pounds, amounting together to the Principal Sum of four millions four hundred thousand Pounds, for which the said respective Annuities are payable to such respective Persons or Corporations as shall be entitled to the same Annuities, and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the same Annuities; then, and not till then, the said respective Annuities shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and from and after such Redemption, the Moneys arising from the said several Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use or Purpose, but as shall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in this, or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, signified by thespcaker in Writing, to beinferted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange of London, as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any time or Times, be sued or prosecutea for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained; such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then

[General issue.]

Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1747.

C 4 — 10. 15

such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against Arch Plaintiff or Treble Costs. Plaintiffs. Enforced, explained and amended by 20 Geo. 2. r. 42. 21 Geo. 2. r, 10. 26 Geo. 2. c. 17. And see farther 31 Geo. 2. c. 22. 3j ^cct z' c. 33>

CAP. IV.

An Act to continue, explain, and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders and Regulations, more effetctually to prevent the spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

Amendment of 19 Geo. 2. c. 5. Farther continued and amended by 21 Geo. 2. c. 33. 22 Geo. 2. c. 46. 23 Geo.

2. C 23, 24 Geo. 2. c. 54. 23 Geo. 2. c. 31, 26 Geo. 2. c. 34. 27 Geo. 2. c. 14.

CAP. V.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven. EXP. See zi Geo. 2. c. 2.

CAP. VI.

An Act to continue and make more effectual two Acts of Parliament; one passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading and Puntfield in the County of Berks', and for amending other Roads in the last Act mentioned.

PR.

The Acts 12 Ann. and 1 Geo. 2. c. 7. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. VII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for repairing the Roads leading from the Western Part of the Parish of Shenfield, to Harwich in the County of Essex, and the Road leading from Chelmsford in the said County, to Sudbury in the County of Suffolk, and from Margretting to Malden in the County of Essex, and from Colchester to Langham in the same County; and for repairing other Roads adjoining to the same Roads.

PR.

The Act 12 Geo. 1. c. 23. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, widening and amending the Road leading front Warrington to Wigan in the County of Lancaster, and also for amending and repairing the Road leading from a Place called Earl's Kill, in Warrington aforesaid, to the toll bars in Wailgate, in Wigan aforesaid.

PR.

The Act 13 Geo. 1. c. 10. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. IX.

An Act for repairing the Highroad leading from the North End of the Cow Cawfey, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the Town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton Burn, in the County of Northumberland.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.

CAP. X

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Coaches, and other Carriages therein mentioned, and for raising the Sum of one million, by way of Lottery, to be charged upon the said Rates and Duties.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament affem fcr former on.

bled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies, which we have granted to your Majesty in this ulficmc.nccmhg Session of Parliament, in the most safe, easy and expeditious Manner we are able, have voluntarily resolved Coaches, C re to give and grant unto your Majesty the several and respective new Rates and Duties herein after expressed; '9 C and to that End and Purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that is may be enacted; and be it en /£?', 3 added by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and, 'a yi, Kfat\.' Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thatr. 14., Geo. from and after the twenty-fifth Day of alare/a one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, there shall be ic. 57. 12 raised, levied, collected and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and Gea' ci upon every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Chair and Caravan, or by what Name soever such wheel carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall be kept by or for any Person for his or her own Use, or to be let out to Hire, the respective annual Rates or Duties herein after expressed; is to say,

For

C 10.

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

Dqties upcn Coachc? and other Carnages.

vu Person to p y for more than five Carriages, except they be kept for Hire.

Duties upon Coaches, C chargeable in England to be under the Management of the Officers of ex cife in England $ and those in Scotland under like Officers there.

Commissioners to appoint Officers for collecting the Duties.

Persons keeping Coaches, C to jiive Notice at the Excise Office,

A.D. 1747.

For and upon every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash with four Wheels, Cliaife Marine, Chaise with four Wheels, and Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall be kept by or for any Person for his oi her own Use, or to be let out to Hire other than and except such Coaches and other Carriages, as now are, or hereafter may be, licensed by the Commissioners for the Duties arising by Hackney Coaches) the yearly Sum of four Pounds for every such Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash with four Wheels, Chaise Marine, Chaise with four Wheels, and Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, so to be kept as aforesaid.

And for and upon every Calash, Chaise and Chair, with two Wheels, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are, or hereafter may he called or known, to be drawn by one or more Horses, that shall be kept by or for any Person or Persons, for his, her or their own Use, or to be let out to Hire, the yearly Sum of forty Shillings for every Calash, Chaise or Chair with two Wheels, so to be kept as aforesaid.

which Laid several and respective Rates and Duties for and upon every such Coach, Beilin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Chair and Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, hall be paid by the Person or Persons who keep the same.

II. Provided nevertheless, That no Person shall be obliged to pay the said yearly Sum of four Pounds for more than five such Carriages on which the said Duty of four Pounds a Year is hereby charged, to be kept by or for him or her, for his or her own Use only j nevertheless it is the true Intent and Meaning of this at, that all Persons who shall keep the same for supplying any Waiting Job, by the Day, Week, Month, Quarter, or any other Time, or otherwise to be let out to Hire, hall pay the said yearly Sum of four Pounds for every such Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash with four Wheels, Chaise Marine, and Chaise with four Wheels, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, so to be kept by him, her or them, to be let out for Hire, as aforesaid, though exceeding the Number of five; and that every Person, who hall keep any Calash, Chaise or Chair with two Wheels, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, to be drawn by one or more Horses, to be let out for Hire, hall pay the said yearly Sum of forty Shillings for every Calash, Chaise or Chair so to be kept by him or her, to be let out for Hire, as. aforesaid, though exceeding the Number of five.

III. And for the better ascertaining, charging, levying and fecuiing the several Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing all Frauds concerning the same; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Duties by this Act granted, as are or shall be chargeable upon such Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calashes, Chaise Marines, Chaises, Chairs and Caravans, or by what Names soever such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall be kept by or for any Persons for his, her or their own Use, or to be let out to hire in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, hall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of the Excise in England for the Time being; and such of the said Duties as are imposed by this Act upon such Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calashes, Chaise Marines, Chaises and Chairs, or by what Names soever such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that hall he kept by or for any Persons for his, her or their Use, or to be let out to Hire in Scotland, hall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of the Excise in Scotland for the Time being, who are hereby respectively empowered to appoint proper Officers for charging, collecting and receiving the same; and all Moneys arising by the said Duties (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues, for the Purposes herein after mentioned.

IV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, shall have or keep any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chase Marine, Chaise, Chair or Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriage now is or hereafter may be called or known, for his, her or their own Use, or the Use of any Person of or for whom he, she or they is, are or shall be Committees, Trustees or Guardians, or to let out to hire in London, Westminster, or in any Parts within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall, within thirty Days after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, or within twenty Days after he or she shall begin to keep such Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Cliaife, Chair or Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriage now is, or hereafter may be called or known, give Notice in Writing at the Chief Office of Excise in London, and all and every Person and Persons, who from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty leven, shall keep any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Chair or Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriage now is, or hereafter may be called or known, for his or her own Use, or for the ltfe of any Person of or for whom he. she or they shall he Committees, Trustees or Guardians, or to let out to Hire in any other Part of Great Britain, shall, within sixty Days after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, or within twenty Days after he, she or they shall begin to keep such Carriage, and from time to time within twenty Days after beginning to keep any other such Carriages respectively, not being in the Place of the former, give Notice in Writing at the Office of Excise, next to the Place where inch Person or Persons, for whole Use the same shall be so kept, shall respectively inhabit, of his, her or their keeping the same, and of the Number of the Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calashes with four Wheels, Chaise Marines, Chaises or Chairs with four Wheels, or Caravans and Calashes, Chaises and Chairs with two Wheels, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, so by him, her or them respectively kept as aforesaid, and of the Parish or Place where he or she respectively redder, and shall at

C io

A.D. 1747. Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

17

the same Time pay down the respective annual Rates and Duties so imposed as aforesaid, for the keeping dut cs the same.'5 to be Fid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons that shall k'otlcc to give, or be obliged to give such Notice as aforesaid, is and are hereby required at or within twenty Days 6ueneu?i> car' after the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months, after the Times of giving or being obliged to give such

full Notices, to give a fresh Notice in Manner aforesaid, and pay down the respective annual Rates and an<*the Dllt: es Duties abovementioned, according to the Number of Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calalhes with p3"1, four Wheels, Chaise Marines, Chaises and Chairs with four Wheels, or Caravans and Calashes, Chaises and Chairs with two Wheels, or by what Names soever such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, so by him, her or them respectively then kept, and in the same Manner to renew such Notice, and make such Payment from Year to Year, as long as he, she or they shall so keep any such Carriages; and if any Person or Persons shall so keep any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise,

Chair or Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriage now is, or hereafter may be called or known, as aforesaid, without giving such first Notice, and making such Payments as aforesaid, or without renewing such Notice and Payments yearly, in Manner as aforesaid, he, fly or they shall respectively forfeit and lose Penalty, the Sum of twenty Pounds for each Offence.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Payment of the said respective Names of the Rates and Duties so hereby granted, at the said respective Offices of Excise, by the respective Owners or owners any Proprietors thereof as aforesaid, the Names of the Persons so paying the same, and the Number of the coach s °' coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calashes with four Wheels, Chaise Marines, Chaises and Chairs with V

four Wheels, and Caravans and Calashes, Chaises and Chairs with two Wheels, or by what Names soever such Carriages now are, or hereafter may he called or known, by him or her respectively kept, and the Name of the Parish or Place where he or she, and any Person of or for whom he, fly or they shall be Committee, Trustee or Guardian, resides, shall be entered in a Register to be kept at the said respective Offices of to be regiflei 'j. Excise for that Purpose by the Person so receiving the same; and a Receipt (of which an indented Duplicate shall be kept by the Person reciving the said Money) shall be given to every Person so paying such respective Rates by the said Person so receiving the same; which Receipt shall contain the Number of the said Regi form of the fler, the Number of the Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calashes, Chaise Marines, Chaises, Chairs Receipts, and Caravans, or by what Names soever such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, so respectively paid for the Sum so paid, and the Time for which such Sum shall have been so paid, and be a Discharge to the respective Owner for such Number of Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calashes,

Chaise Marines, Chaises, Chairs and Caravans, wheresoever the same are respectively used.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall ex Stage Coaches, tend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the said Duty of four Pounds per Annum, by this Act imposed upon Coaches, and other Carriages, any public Stagecoach, which is constantly employed in carrying passengers for Hire to and from different Places within this Kingdom, on certain Days in every Week

fixed for that Purpose, and not used or let out to Hire by way of by job, for a Day, or any longer Time.

VIII. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to charge with the said Duty of forty Shillings per and Poitchaife?. Annum, by this Act imposed upon Chaises and Chairs with two Wheels, any Port: Chaise that now is, or e«n>pted. hereafter shall be kept for Hire by his Majesty's pcft master General, or by any Deputy postmaster in Great Britain, authorised by him to keep such Poll Chaises.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That all and every the Poll Chaises, so to be kept by such pofl maller Gene Post chaises to r ral, or any Deputy poll mailers, for Hire, as aforesaid, shall, within thirty Days after the said twenty-fifth be entered at the Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, or within thirty Days after the letting out of such Exclfe Office, Chaises for Hire, be entered by the Owners thereof at the Office of Excise next to the Place where such Persons inhabit; and shall (besides his Majesty's Arms to be painted upon every such Poll Chaise) have such acto have a Figure or Mark of Distinction fixed thereupon, as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for that Pur mark pole; and in case any such poll mailer shall, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, let out to Hire any such Poll Chaise before the same shall have been entered, or shall have such Arms painted, or such Mark or Figure fixed thereupon, as aforesaid, every such penalty 101. Deputy poll mailer and poll mailers hall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Coaches, C said Commissioners to cause such Figure or Mark of Distinction as they shall think proper to appoint, to let outto Hire be fixed upon every such Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Chair or Cara tocar.yafi van, or by what Name soever such Carriage now is, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall be so &utej &c' let out to Hire as aforesaid; in case any Person or Persons whatsoever shall let out to Hire any such

Carriage which shall not have such Figure or Mark of Distinction fixed thereupon as aforesaid, or shall take off the same when fixed to any such Carriage, every such Person (ha!, for every such Offence, forfeit Penalty 20].

and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge with L censed Coaches any of the said Rates and Duties, any Coach which shall be licensed by the Commissioners for regulating

and licensing Hackney Coaches within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, and have the proper Figure or Number thereon, and which shall not he employed in carrying any Person or Persons more than ten Miles from the said Cities respectively.

XII. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge Coaches kept for with any of the said Duties, any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Chair Sole not to be or Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriage now is, or hereafter may be called or known, kept for uxcj'

Sale, and remaining unsold in the Possession of the Owner thereof, or of any Coach maker the Purchaser thereof; and no such Carriage shall at any Time, whilst ill such Possession, be employed for his or her own

C 10.

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

i 8

A.D. 1747.

Penalty on let Use, or for the Use of any other Person, other than such Person whose like Carriage shall be then mending log oh inch cr repairing by such Coach maker, or be let out to Hire; on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds Cmrrir for ev( 'ry Time that such Carriage shall be lo employed or let out to Hire as aforesaid.

'coaj.cs, 0v. see farther 30 Geo. 2.022. feb. 6. 33 Geo. 2.0.25.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Rates and Duties hereby granted, as also all Forfeitures and Offences made and committed against this Act, or any Clause or Article therein contained, hall be heard, adjudged and determined by such Person and Persons, and in such Manner and Form as hereafter in and by this Act is directed and appointed; that is to say. All Prosecutions for the Recovery of the Duties hereby granted, and ailo for all Forfeitures and Offences made and committed within the immediate Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, shall be heard, adjudged, and determined by the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, or by the Commissioners for Appeals, or the major Part of them, in case of Appeal, and not otherwise; all Prosecutions for the Recovery of the Duties hereby granted, and also for all Forfeitures and Offences made and committed within all or any other the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Towns or Places within the Kingdom of Great Britain, hall be heard and determined by any two or more of the Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Forfeitures shall be made, or Offence committed; and if the Party finds himself aggrieved by the Judgement given by two or more Justices, he shall and may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarler sessions, who are hereby authorised and empowered to hear anu determine the same, whose Commissioner?, Judgement therein hail be final; which said Commissioners for Appeals, and regulating this Duty, and the upon Com said Commissioners of Excise, and all Justices of the Peace aforesaid respectively, are hereby authorised,

profrcuticts tv her s to be,

plaint, to fiim non the Party,

and strictly enjoined and required, upon Complaint or Information upon Oath, exhibited and brought of any Forfeiture made, or Offence committed, contrary to this Act, to summon the Party accused, and upon his Appearance, or Contempt, to proceed to the Examination of the Matter of fat, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible wit n'efs or witness es (which Oath they, or any two or more of them, have hereby Power to administer) to give Judgement or Sentence thereupon, and to award and issue out Warrants under their Hands, for the levying of such Forfeitures and Penalties as are by this Act imposed, for any such Offence committed, upon and for want of the Goods and Chattles of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made of the said Goods and Chattles, if Distress, tocom they shall not be redeemed within fourteen Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any be; and for mittheoifbnder. want of fufftcienr Distress, to iinprison the Party offending till Satisfaction be made.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties mentioned in this al (all necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being first deducted) hall be employed, one Moiety thereof to and for the Use of his Majesty, and the other Moiety thereof to the Discoverer or Informer of the same.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Case where the Duty or Duties required by this Act to be paid, by any Person chargeable with the same, hall be paid, and Entry made as aforesaid, before any Information laid of such Entry or Payment not having been made, although not strictly within the Time for that Purpose mentioned, no Person having made such Payment and Entry, shall be afterwards prosecuted for not having made such Payment or Entry within the Time limited by this Act.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person having made due Entry and Payment of the Duty for any Coach or Coaches, or other Carriage or Carriages mentioned in this Act, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, shall die before the End of the Year for which such Entry and Payment shall be made; in every such Case, it shall be lawful for every Person claiming Title to any such Coach or Coaches, Carriage or Carriages aforesaid, by, from or under such deceased Person, to make use of such Coach or Coaches, Carriage or Carriages, for or in respect whereof such Entry and Duty hall have been made and paid as aforesaid, during the Residue of the Year for which such Payment shall have been made, in like Manner as such deceased Person might have done, if living.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster, a Book or Rooks, in which all the Moneys hereby appointed to be paid into the said Receipt, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Moneys paid or payable there to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money so appointed to be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be the yearly Fund for the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Annuities which by this Act shall be granted and made payable, in respect of the principal Sum of one million, to be raised towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, in such Manner and Form as herein after is directed, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted to his Majesty; ard the said Rates and Dutiesshall be, and are hereby appropriated for that Purpose accordingly.

XIX. And whereas it is intended, That the said Sum of one million shall be raised by Way of alot tery, for the Purchase of Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, in Manner hereafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Annuities becoming due and payable to the Contributors to the Lottery herein after mentioned, their Executors, adm niftra tors and Assigns, at the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, in respect of the said principal Sum of one million, in Manner hereafter in this Act expressed, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, according ra he charged on to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf, shall be charged upon the said Rates and Duties, from the Rates. the Fcaft Day of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and shall, from Time to Time, be paid half yearly, at the Feasts of the Birth of our Lord Christ, and the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, by even and equal Portions, the

ft: ft

and givejudg meat, C

Forfeit tyres how to be disposed,

h.

None to be prosecuted, where ihe Duties are paid, &. before Information

successors of de ce fed Persons, who have paid t C Duties, not to bi charged for the Residue of the Year.

Rooks to be Jtept fur enter ing tkc Moneys

Appropriation of the Duties.

coo rooh to ». ra.ftd by l.otrirsy, Rr »: .*<! re of Annuities at 4l. percectf.

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

*9

A.D. 1747.

C 10.

first Payment thereof to be due and payable for the half year ending at the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and forty seven.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for or towards raising the said Sum of /in, 5. r.vl, one million, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or advance i0'j Corporate, to contribute by paying at or before the respective Times by this at limited in that Behalf, to ircne, any Receiver or Receivers to be appointed for that Purpose, as is herein after mentioned, the Sum of ten Pounds, or diverse entire Sums of ten Pounds upon this Act; and that every such Contributor or Adventurer for every such Sum of ten Pounds, which he, lie or they hall so advance, hall be interested in such Lot or Share of and in the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by this Act, as is herein after mentioned and appointed in that Behalf; and the same entire Sums of ten Pounds each, are hereby appointed to be paid unto such Receiver or Receivers, at such Time or Times, and in such Proportions at a Time, as are herein after mentioned in that Behalf; that is to say, One fourth Part thereof, upon such Day as shall be ap times of 33 pointed by the Commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High vanringiiis Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; one other u: r's fourth Part thereof, on or before the twenty-third Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; one other fourth Part thereof, on or before the twentieth Day of August then next ensuing; and the remaining fourth Part thereof, on or before the sixteenth Day of October then next following.

w

CC Managers to be appointed by the Treasury. There shall be printed 50, 000 Tickets. Where any Ticket shall be a Prize, the Ticket of the like Number shall be a Prize of like Value. Treasury to appoint "Receivers, and take Security. Managers to examine the Books of Tickets, and deliver them to the Re "Receivers shall deliver Tickets to the Contributors; of which 7150 shall be Fortunate; and "shall be written upon in Manner following, viz. Upon two, 10, 000l. upon three, 5000l. upon five, 2002l. "upon fifteen, 1000l. upon thirty-one, 500l. upon one hundred and fifty-one, 100l. upon three hundred "and ninety-eight, 50l. upon six thousand five hundred and fortyfive, 20 /. which Sums, with 500l. to the "First drawn Ticket, and ioco/. to the Last drawn, will amount to 242, 900 /. which being added to "257, 100l. on the remaining 42, 850 Blank Tickets, at 6l. each, amount together to 500, 000l. which "the like Sum payable in respect of the 50, 000 corresponding Tickets, amount together to 1.000, 000l. "to be converted into Annuities. Manner of drawing the Lottery. Prizes to be entered in a Book. A "List of the Prizes to be printed. Countei feiting of Tickets, Certificates, or the Numbers of them, Fe "Guardians may adventure Infants Money in the Lottery; so as such Infants Names be in the "Receipts and Tiekets. Limitation of Sale of Chances, C Persons selling Shares in Tickets of which t they are not possessed, to forfeit 500 /. The Tickets to be exchanged for Certificates."

EXP.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accomptant General of the Bank of England for the Time being, to whom the said Certificates are to be directed as aforesaid, hall, upon receiving and taking in the said Certificates, or any of them, give Credit to the Persons named therein, in a Book or Books, to be by him provided and kept for that Purpose, for the Principal Sums contained in every such Certificate; and the Persons to whose Credit such Principal Sums shall be entered in the said Book or Books, his, her or their Executors and Administrators shall and may have Power to assign and transfer the same, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in other Books, to be prepared and kept by the said Accomptant General for that Purpose; the Principal Sums so assigned and transferred, shall carry the said Annuity of four pounjs per Centum per Annum, and shall be taken and deemed to be Stock transferable by this Act, according to the Powers and Authority herein after mentioned, until the Redemption thereof as aforesaid; the said Accomptant General of the Bank of England for the Time being, is hereby authorised and directed to cancel and file the Certificates, as they shall from time to time be received and taken in by him, and to give the Persons bringing in the same a Note under his Hand, ccftifying the principal Money for which they shall have Credit in the said Book or Books, by Reason or Means of the Certificates so received, taken in and cancelled as aforesaid, and of the Annuities attending the same.

XLT. And for the more easy and sure Payment of the teveral and respective Annuities, amounting in" the Whole to one million, by this Act authorised to be purchased as aforesaid; is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor nnc! Company of the Bank of England, and their Suceefl ors, hall from time to time, until the said several and respective Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be redeemed according to this Act, appoint and employ one sufficient Person or Persons within their Office in the City of London, to be their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, and one other sufficient Person, within the same Office, to be their Accomptant General; and that so much of the Moneys, from time to time aiifing into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the said several Rates and Duties by this Act appropriated for this Purpose, as shall be sufficient, from time to time, to answer the said several Annuities, and other Payments directed to be paid or discharged out of the same, halt, by Order of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of his Majesty, his Heirs or Suceefl ors for the time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf, from time to time, at the respective half yearly Feast Days, or Days of Payment, in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the said First or Chief Cashier or Cashie rs of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Suceefl ors for the time being, by way of Impressed, and upon Account for the Payment of the said several Annuities to be purchased upon this atat such Times, and in such Manner and Form, as are by this Act prescribed in that Behalf; and that all and every such Cashier or Cashiers, to whom the said Moneys shall fro

Accomptant General to r.; vet Credit for the Sums named in the Certificates;

which may be transferred,

and carry par Cent. Interest,

Certificates to be cancelled, and Notes given II lieu thereof.

Chief Ca filler and accorrpt ant Gtncrol to to be appoint d

fe om time to time be issued, ft rail from time to time, '

Mon'es for Payment of the Annuities to be issued from the Exchequer by way of Impiefr, Sc

Ca fillers to maue IV incuts.

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

C io.

A.D. 1747.

Accomptant General to in spe£l the ca /hiers Receipts. Annuities to be a peitonal e state, C

The Moneys contributed to be a Joint Stock, C

time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his Account thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accomptant General for the time being, shall, from time to time, inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence, or Delay; and that all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall be entitled to any of the said several and respective Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, and the same shall not be descendible to the Heir, and shall not be liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Custom of London, or otherwise; Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Moneys to be advanced or contributed, or to which any Person or Persons shall become entitled upon this Act, for or towards the said Sum not exceeding one million, shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be one Capital or Joint Stock, on which the said several and respective Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be attending; and that all and every Person and Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money by him, her or them advanced, or to which they shall become entitled as aforesaid, upon this Act, shall have, and be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock, and in the annuity attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid; that the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferrable as

this Act directs, and not otherwise; that there shall constantly be kept at all seasonable Times, in the

so°°tmnsbftrs 1 Office of the said Accomptant General for the time being, within the City of London, a Book or Books,

wherein all Assignments or Transfers of the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered; which Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Alignments or Transfers; or if such Parties be absent, by his, her or their Attorney or Attorneys thereunto lawfully authorised, by Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses; and that the Person or Persons, to whom such Transfer shall be made, do underwrite his, her or their Acceptance thereof; and that no Method of assigning or transferring the said Stock, and the Annuities attending the same, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law.

XLIV. Provided always, That any Person or Persons possessed of such Stock, with the Annuity or Annuities attending the same, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will, in Writing, attested by two or more credible Witnesses; but that such Devisee shall receive no Payment thereupon, till so much of the said Will, as relates to the said Stock or Annuity, be entered in the said Office; and in Default of such Transfer or Devise, the said Stock and Annuities attending the same, shall go to the Executors or Administrators; that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers, or any of them; any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, (notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of them) shall continue a Corporation, with all the Powers, Privileges and Advantages thereunto belonging, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, till all the Annuities to be purchased on this Act shall be redeemed by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf; and the said Governor and Company, or any Members thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by Reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XLVI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no See or Gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects, for receiving or paying the said contribution moneys, or any of them, or for any Tallies or Receipts concerning the same, or for issuing the Moneys for paying the said several Annuities, or any of them; and that no See or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken for any Transfers to be Transfer of any Sum, great or final], to be made in pursuance of this Act; upon Pain that any Officer or made gratis. Person offending, by taking or demanding any Fee or Gratuity contrary to this Act, shall forfeit the Sum Penalty. of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

Treasury to pay

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the tliecu!iargeth "f treasu.ry5 or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the 'out of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised out of

transferrable.

for Transfers. Entries to be signed by the Parties transferring and accepting.

Annuities devisable, C

In Default of Devise, C to Executors.

The Bank to continue a Company till Redemption of the Annuities.

No See for Payment of Contribution money.

Act Duties,

the said several Rates and Duties by this Act granted and appropriated as aforesaid, to discharge all such incident Charges, as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner, as to them shall seem just and reasonable; also to settle and appoint such Allowances, out of the Contributions aforesaid, as they shall think just and reasonable, for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Receiver or Receivers of the and appoint Sa contributions to the said Lottery, for receiving and accounting for the same; and also such further allow laties torthcca ances, out of the said several Rates and Duties by this Act appropriated, as they shall think just and rea airrs and other sonable, for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of ocxers. the Bank of England for receiving, paying and accounting for the several and respective Annuities, payable

in respect thereof; and also for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Accomptant General of the said Governor and Company, for performing the Duty and Trust incumbent on him by this Act; all which Allowances hereby empowered to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the Service, Pains and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1747. Anno vicesimo Georgii II. c. 11, 12, 21

XLVIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times the Produce Deficiencies, of the said several Rates and Duties shall happen to be so low or deficient as that the Moneys arising the re to be from into the Exchequer, shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the several and respective Annuities, and other Charges directed to be paid thereout, at the End of any or either of the respective half yearly Days of Payment, at which the same are hereby directed to be paid, then, and so often, and in every inch Case, such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of the Overplus Moneys, that shall or may happen to arise and be paid into the Exchequer in any of the subsequent half Years, as the said re speefive Annuities shall, from time to time, become due and payable; and in case such Overplus Moneys shall not be sufficient to satisfy the Deficiencies hereby intended from time to time to be paid thereout, that then, and in every such Case, the Deficiencies so from time to time happening, shall, from time to time, be answered and made goodbye and out of the first Supplies which shall be granted in Parliament next after such Deficiencies shall appear; and in case no such Supplies shall be granted within six Months next after such Deficiencies shall happen, then the same shall be made good out of any the Moneys which at any Time or Times shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the same Sinking Fund as are appropriated to

any particular Use or Uses by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be from time to time issued and applied accordingly; and if at any Time or Times before any Alonies of the said several Rates and Duties hereby granted shall be brought into the Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a Want of Money for paying the several Annuities aforesaid, which shall be actually incurred and grown due at any of the said half yearly Days of Payment before mentioned, that then, and in every such Case, the Money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the Moneys of the said Sinking Fund (except as before excepred) and be issued accordingly.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Moneys shall be sinking Fund

so issued out of the said Sinking Fund, shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the first: Supplies, to to be replaced,

be then after granted in Parliament.

L Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Moneys arisen. Surplus Moneys or to arise into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of or for the Rates and Duties by this Acts granted, how to be p shall be more than sufficient to answer and pay the several Annuities by this Act charged thereupon, it shall plled and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the said High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required, from time to time, to issue and pay, out of the Surplus Money of the said Rates and Duties by this acts granted as aforesaid, so much Money as shall from time to time, be wanting to make good any Deficiency that shall or may happen in the Produce of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows or Lights, granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by. one other Act of this present Session of Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon one clause of Re year's Notice, to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by Au demption. thority of Parliament, at any of the half yearly Feast Days, for Payment of the said respective Annuities, and upon Repayment by Parliament, of the respective Principal Sums, for which the said respective Annuities shall be payable to such respective Persons or Corporations, as shall be entitled to the same Annuities, and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the same Annuities; then, and not till then, the said respective Annuities shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and from and after such Redemption, the Moneys arising from the said several Rates and Duties, shall not be issued or applied to any Use or Purpose, but as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament; and that any Vote or resolution of the House of Commons signified by the Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in the London Gazettes and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice, within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

LII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be molested or prosecuted for anything done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, or any the Clauses therein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Coneral Ifor. Evidence for his, her or their Defence; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall Treble Cofc. have treble Costs to them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters,

CAP. XII.

An Act for repairing the Highroad leading from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to Tyne

Bridge in the said County.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.

C i 3 — 18

Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 174.7

22

CAP. XIII.

An Act for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the Sea, to the City of Durham, in the County of Durham.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the Haven of Soitthwotild in the County of Suffolk. P K.

WHEREAS there hath been, for Time out of Mind, a seaport or Harbour for Shipping at south woidd in the County of Suffolk, which is situated very conveniently, not only for the Safeguard and 6 Preserva ion of Ships and vessels navigating in the Briufh Seas, but also for the Importation and Export tion of many useful Wares and Commodities, and for the Benefit of Trade and Commerce in general: 6 And whereas the Road or Haven, lying before and without the said Port or Harbour, is so choked up or obstructed with Sand, as to prevent any loaded Ships or vessels (except such as are of very small Tonnage or Burden) from passing into or out of the said Harbour: To the end therefore that the said Haven, Port or Harbour may be opened, cleansed, repaired and improved, so as to render the same safe and commodious for Shipping, and of public Benefit and Utility to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom; be it enacted, Sc.

"From 25 March 1747, for 21 Years, sv. there shall be paid, For every engli/l) Vessel which hall sail into "the Harbour, and neither load nor unload there, 1 d. 2 q. per Tonne, according to their Light Bills. For "every Chaldron of Coals, Culm and Cinders, landed from any englij!) Ship in the said Port, 1 s. For "every Lait of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Malt, Oats and other Grain, exported or imported, u, for everyton "of Rock Salt, 1 s. For every Hogshead of Wine, Brandy or other Spirituous Liquor, is. For every' ".Tonne of Chalk, other than for improving Land, 1 CL For every Firkin of Butter and Weigh of Cheese, 1 d. 'c For every Tonne of Grocery Wares, and other Goods (Fish, Butter and Cheese excepted) 1 j, 6 d. For "every Tonne of Lead, r s. For every Foreign Ship which shall sail into the Harbour, and not load nor un c load there, and for all Goods exported or imported, out of any Foreign Ship in the Port, double Duties. "Duties may be levied by Distress and Sale. No Ship to be cleared at the customhouse, 'till a Certificate is produced of the Payment. Moneys to be applied towards cleaning and improving the Harbour. "Trustees to Date their Accounts yearly. Bailiffs, Sc. of Soutlnvouldto be present at the making up the "Accounts. Trustees may contract for cleansing, Sc. the Harbour; and may borrow Money on the "New Trustees may be chose in the Room of those who are de'ad, Sc. No Person to throw tc Rubbish into the Harbour, under Penalty of 40 s."

CAP. XV.

An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the public Conduits, and other waterworks, belonging to the Town of Southampton.

PR.

CAP. XVI.

an<adi for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament passed for repairing the Highways between Wymondham and Attleborough, and from jfymondham to Hotkeyfet, and from the Mouth of iplgmore Lane, to Flail Walk Gate in Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk; and Lr amending the other Roads adjoining to the Highways directed to be repaired by the said former Acts, and making the said Acts more effectual.

PR.

Former Acts 7 I Fill. 3. C 26. Sc. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Acts of Parliament for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes in the said Acts and this present Act mentioned.

PR.

A Duty of Excise continued to the Town for 25 Years.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham.

PR.

3 Geo. 1. pti WHEREAS the Town of Sunderland near the Sen, situate on the River jfear, in the County of 'Jte. Durham, is well inhabited by rich and able Merchants and Tradesmen, and may be of great importance, as well for his Majesty's Service and Revenue, as for the public Benefit of the Kingdom, having a Port or Haven capable of containing many hundred Sail of Ships at one Time, and from whence may be loaded and sent great Numbers of Ships with Coals, Salt, Glass, and other Merchandizes to divers

anno vicesimo Georgii II.

-2

A.D. 1747.

vers Places withi 11 this Realm, and also to foreign Parts; and diverse Kinds and Sorts of Merchandizes may

be imported in the said Port or Haven, whereby not only a great Revenue wild yearly aiife to his m ajeily, but there will be also a constant Nursery and Supply of able Seamen to serve on board the Royal Navy,

and great Numbers of poor People may be constantly employed in and about the Work and Trade of the said River and Fort: And whereas by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his late Mst

jesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear,

and Port and Haven Sunderland, in the County of Durham, certain Persons in the said Act named, were named, conllituted and appointed Commissioners of the said River, Port and Haven, within the Limits, with the Powers, and for the Purposes therein mentioned, for and during the Term of twenty-one Years; and for the effectual cleansing and preserving the said River, Port and Haven, certain Duties were by the said Act granted and made payable from and after the twenty fourth Day of June, which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and to have Continuance for the Space of

twenty-one Years then next following And whereas another Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late maj efty King George the First, For the more effectual Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, whereby diverse additional powers.were granted to the said Commissioners: whereas the said Commissioners, in pursuance and in Execution of the Powers by the said Acts given to them, did, before the Expiration of the said Term thereby limited (which was on the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight) at a very great Charge, erect a Pier and a Key at or near the Mouth of the said River, on the south fiue thereof, and did diverse other Acts, for the opening, cleansing, scouring

improving of the said River, Port and Haven, from whence some Benefits and Advantages have arose; in order to have more effectually cleansed, scoured and preserved the same, the said Commissioners proposed and intended to have lengthened the said Pier, and also to have bui lt a Pier or Piers, Key or Keys, Wall or Walls, Jcttee or Jcttees, on the north side of, and to have made and done other Works near the Mouth of the said River, Port or Haven; but the Money arising from the Duties laid and made payable by the said first mentioned Act, not being fufrcient to make and perform such additional Works f within the Term by the said former Acts limited, the Mouth of the said River, Port or Harbour, for

want thereof, is till very much choked by Sand thrown up, and brought into, and lodged in the said Harbour by the Sea; and also by means of great Banks of Sand, Grave], Rubbish, and other gross Matter

walled and brought down to, and lodged in the same, by Land Floods, and other Accidents; and also by f throwing Ballast, Coni Allies, Rubbish, and other gross Matter within the said River, Port or Harbour; and by the irregular and low Building, and want of repairing of Wharves, Staiths and Keys, on or near the said River.; but more especially for want of such Pier or Piers, Key or Keys, Wall or Walls, Jettee or Jettees, at or near the Mouth of the said River, Port or Haven to scour and cleanse the same, so that f the Depth of Water at the Mouth of the said River is not yet fufrcient for loaden Ships and vessels to come into, or go out of the same, whereby the Navigation and Trade of and in the said River, Port or

Plaven, is very much prejudiced, hindered and obstructed: And whereas the lengthening the present 1 Pier, and erecting and building a Pier or Piers, Key or Keys, Jettee or Jettees, and making and personn

ing other Works at or near the Mouth of, and on other convenient Parts of the said River, will be a Means of deepening, cleansing, and rendering the same more navigable; and the preventing Ballall, Coal Ashes, Stones, Sand, Rubbish, and other gross Matter, being wafned into the said River, Port or Haven,

and the removing and preventing other the Abuses and Inconveniences aforesaid, will be a Means of pre fervingtbe said River, Port or Haven, so that, at all Times thereafter, loaden Ships or Vessels of a ecn

siderable Burden may ride in, and sail into, and out of, the same, at all Tides; which will be a Means of reducing and keeping low the Prices of Coals at London, and other the delivering ports within this Kingdom, and will very much tend to the Encouragement and Increase of Navigation and Trade; which said Undertaking and Works, to finish and complete the same, will coll a very considerable Sum of Money To the end therefore that the said River, Port and Haven of Sunderland aforesaid may be further improved, and the said Pier already built, lengthened, and such other Pier or Piers, Key or Keys, Jettee or Jettees, and other Works may be erected, built, made and performed, as at any Time hereafter shall, by the Commissioners hereby or hereafter to be appointed, be adjudged for the Advantage or Improvement of the said River, Port or Haven; and that the same may be preserved and kept in Repair; may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, (Ac.

"Commissioners appointed for 21 Years. Not less than 7 Commissioners to be at a Meeting. Commission "empowered to remove and appoint Officers. No Commissioner to hold any of the Offices. In case "of Death or Incapacity new Commissioners to be chosen. Commissioners may purchase or take Leases of "Lands, c. and lengthen and cieft Piers, &c. on such Lands, &c. and employ Workmen and Keels, &c. "to remove Obstructions; provided no Grounds, &c. are damaged, nor the Highway from Monk Wear "to Whitburne stopped. Commissioners to determine all Differences. River to be made navigable "between Riddick Ford and Newbridge. Commissioners, in Cases of Abuses, &c. to summon the Persons "of. Jury to inquire into the Offences. Commissioners, on the jury's Verdict, to order Per V Tonnes offending to remove Obstructions, &c. on Penalty of 5 /. per Month. Landlords, when ordered to tc remove Obstructions, not to be guilty of Trespass, &c. Indictments in Cases of Nufances, &c. may be "preferred as before this Act passed. Penalty on Person offending by emptying Rubbish, not to exceed 5 /. "Persons emptying Rubbish, &c. from one Vessel to another, &c. to have proper Stages, or Port Sails. "The Coal Owners shall pay any Sum not exceeding 1 d. z q. for every Chaldron, during zi Years, brought "down for them to the River; and in Proportion for any greater or less Quantities. The Enters not ex "z q. Commissioners empowered to borrow Money on the Duties. Works erefred by this Act, "becoming ruinous, not to be deemed Nufances. Commissioners may make Bylaws, (Ac, to be approved

"of

13 Geo. 1. private.

---

24 C. 19. Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1747.

"of by the Justices; and to be in Force till repealed by the Commissioners, &c. Saving Clause in Favour of the Bishop of Durham, and of the Owners of Ferry-boats, &c."

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the better adjusting and more easy Recovery of the Wages of certain Servants; and for the better Regulation of such Servants, and of certain Apprentices.

[5 El. C. 4. 1 Jac. 1. C. 6.]

'WHEREAS the Laws now in being, for the better Regulation of Servants, and for the Payment of Wages to them, and to Artificers, Handicraftsmen and Labourers, are insufficient and defective:' For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[Differences between Masters and, certain Ser

That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, all Complaints, Differences and Disputes,

which shall happen or arise between Mailers or Mistresses, and Servants in Husbandry, who shall be

vants, to be de hired for one Year, or longer, or which shall happen or arise between Mailers and miftreltes, and artifi termined by a cers, Handicraftsmen, Miners, Colliers, Keehnen, Pitmen, Glalfmen, Potters, and other Labourers em whoxthe Ma" pwe^ for any certain Time, or in any other Manner, shall be heard and determined by one or more Justice fler rcfidcs. 3" or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, City, Liberty, Town Corporate or Place, where such Mailer or Millrefs shall inhabit, although no Rate or Assessment of Wages has been made that Year by the Justices of the Peace of the Shire, Riding or Liberty, or by the Mayor, Bailiffs or other Head Officer, where such Complaints shall be made, or where such Differences or Disputes shall arise; said Justice Justices to ea or justices is and are hereby empowered to examine upon Oath, any such Servant, Artificer, Handicraftsman, ^c^upo^oath Miner, Collier, Keelman, Pitman, Glalfman, Potter, or other Labourer, or any other Witness or Witnesses, touching any such Complaint, Difference or Dispute, and to make such Order for Payment of so much Wages to such Servant, Artificer, Handicraftsman, Miner, Collier, Keelman, Pitman, Glalfman, Potter or and make Or other Labourer, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem just and reasonable, provided that the Sum in que der for Payment ftion do not exceed ten Pounds with regard to any Servant, nor five Pounds with regard to any Artificer, cf Wages due, if Handicraftsman, Miner, Collier, Keelman, Pitman, Glassman, Potter, or Labourer; and in case of refu s"nir 3 C ltaln fal or Nonpayment of any Sums so ordered, by the Space of one and twenty Days next after such deter n A mination, such Justice and Justices shall and may issue forth his and their Warrant to levy the same by Dito"

be lcvsetby stress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of such Mailer or Millrefs, or Person employing such Artificer, Distress and Sale. Handicraftsman, Miner, Collier, Keelman, Pitman, Glassman, Potter, or other Labourer, rendering the Overplus to the Owners, after Payment of the Charges of such Distress and Sale, justices to hear

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Matters Com Justice or Justices, upon Application or Complaint made, upon Oath, by any Mailer, Millrefs, or Employer, plaints on Oaih; against any such Servant, Artificer, Handicraftsman, Miner, Collier, Keelman, Pitman, Glalfman, Potter, or Labourer, touching or concerning any Misdemeanour, Miscarriage or ill behaviour, in such his or her Service or Employment (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer) to hear, examine and determine the same; and to punish the Offender by Commitment to the House of Correction, thereto remain and be corrected, and held to hard Labour for a reasonable Time, not exceeding one Calendar Month, or otherwise by abating some Part of his or her Wages, or by discharging such Servant, Artificer, Handicraftsman, Miner, Collier, Keelman, Pitman, Glassman, Potter or Labourer, from his, her or their Service or Employment: And in like Manner also it shall and may be lawful to and for such justices to hear Justice or Justices, u^on any Complaint or Application, upon Oath, by any such Servant, Artificer, handi servant's Com craftsman, Miner, Collier, Keelman, Pitman, Glassman, Potter or other Labourer, against such Mailer, plaints on Oath, Millrefs or Employer, touching or concerning any Mifufage, Refusal of necessary Provision, Cruelty or and to summon other 111 treatment of, to or towards such Servant, Artificer, Handicraftsman, Miner, Collier, Keelman, the Mailer, C Pitman, Glassman, Potter, of other Labourer, and to summon such Mailer, Millrefs or Employer, to appear before such Justice or Justices, at a reasonable Time to be prefixed in such Summons; and such Justice or Justices shall and may examine into the Matter of such Complaint, whether such Mailer, Millrefs or em and upon satis ployer shall appear or not; Proof being made, upon Oath, of his or her being duly summoned; upon fafiorylhoot, to Proof thereof made, upon Oath, to his or their Satisfaction, to discharge such Servant, Artificer, Handicraftsman, Miner, Collier, Keelman, Pitman, Glassman, Potter or other Labourer, cf and from his said Service and Employment; which Discharge shall be given under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices gratis.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful ro and for any two or more such Justices, upon any Complaint or Application by any Apprentice put out by the Parish, or any other Apprentice, upon whose binding out no larger a Sum than five Pounds of lawful British Money was paid, touching or concerning any Mifufage, Refusal of necessary Provision, Cruelty or other ill treatment of or towards such Apprentice, by his or her Mailer or Millrefs, to summon such Mailer or mi llrefs to appear before such Justices at a reasonable Time to be named in such Summons; and such Justices shall and may examine into the Matter of such Complaint; and upon Proof thereof made, upon Oath, to their Satisfaction (whether the Mailer or Millrefs be present, or not, if Service of the Summons be also, upon Oath, proved) the said Justices may discharge such Apprentice, by Warrant or Certificate under their Hands and Seals; for which Warrant or Certificate no Fees shall be paid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for such Justices, upon Application or Complaint made, upon Oath, by any Mailer or Millrefs, against any such Apprentice, touching or concerning any Misdemeanour, Miscarriage, or ill behaviour, in such his or her Service (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer) to hear, examine and determine the same, and to punish the Offender by Commitment to the House of Correction, there to remain and be

cor

and to punish the Offender by Commitment, Abatement of Wages, ordif mission.

discharge the Servant,

Justices upon Complaint of cert.in Apprentices,

to summon the Master, C and upon satis ladlory Proof, to discharge the A pi rentice.

Justices upon Complaint of Masters against A ppic nt ices, ar, d Proufupjn

od,

A.D. 1747. Anno vicesimo Georgii II. C. 20, 21. 25

corrected, and held to hard Labour for a reasonable Time, not exceeding one Calendar Mbnth, or otherwise to punish tie by discharging such Apprentice, in Manner and Form before mentioned. Offender by

V. Provided nevertheless, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself herself, or themselves ag Commitment, grieved by such Determination, Order or Warrant of such Justice or Justices as aforesaid (save and except c

any Order or Commitment) he, she or they may appeal to the next General Quarter sessions of the Peace Perform asgris to be held for the County, Riding, Liberty, City, Town Corporate or Place where such Determination or ved Order fuai] be made; which said next General Quarter sessions is hereby empowered to hear and finally, de Exception, termine the same, and to give and award such Costs to any of the respective Persons, Appellant or respori denr, as the said Sessions shall judge reasonable, not exceeding forty Shillings j the same to be levied by Costsnottocx< Distress and Sale, in Manner before mentioned. ceed+os.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writ of Certisrar!, or no writ of other Proeefs, shall issue or be iltuable to remove any Proceedings whatsoever, had in pursuance of this Act, Certiorari, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the Stannaries in the Counties Stannaries not of Devon and Cornwall.

This Proviso is

repealed by 27 Geo. 2. c. 6. For the Power ad Dufy of Justices, see farther 24 Geo. 2. c. 44 £? 55. 26 Geo. 2. r. 14 £jf 27. 27 Geo. 2. c. 16 & 20*

1 Geo 3. C 13, And see 31 Geo. 2. c. 11. jvbhb extends this Act to all Servants in tiujbandry y the' hired for Iefs than a Tear.

CAP. XX.

An Act for Relief of such of his Majesty's loyal Subjects, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whose Title Deeds and Writings were destroyed or carried off by the Rebels in the late Rebellion.

PR.

[Amended by

WHEREAS a most audacious and wicked Rebellion was lately raised and carried on against his Majesty, in favour of a Popish Pretender, and in Prosecution thereof many Persons assembled in a traitorous and hostile Manner, marched into several Parts of this Kingdom, took Possession of several Towns, and raised Contributions upon the Country, and committed many Ravages and Devastations upon the Estates and effeas of his Majesty's faithful subjects, in support of their rebellious infurreaion; and in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, proceeded in a malicious, eruei and barbarous Manner,

against several of his Majesty's subjects, who distinguished themselves by their Zeal and Loyalty to his Majesty's Person and Government at that critical junaure, by destroying or carrying oft the Rights and Securities of their Lands and Heretages, and by destroying or carrying oft their other Writs and Evi ' dents, the instruaions of the Payment, and Extinction of the Debts and Encumbrances, affeaing their Persons and Estates, to the Ruin of his Majesty's said loyal subjects, and of their Families and Post rity, and to the Discouragement of the like Zeal and Loyalty to his Majesty, and his Royal Successors in future Times, unless a proper Remedy is provided by Authority of parliament be it therefore enacted, C "

"in Scotland, who continued in their Duty to his Majesty, and whose Houses were invaded by the "Rebels, may on or before i July 1750. petition the Court of Session. The Court of Session to intimate "the same; and summon Persons interested. Execution of Summons to be recorded. The Day of Com "elapsed, the Court to take Probation of the faas. petitioner's Oath to be taken. Original Pe "dying, the Oath of his Heir to be admitted. Lords of the Session, upon Proof of the premisses,

"to deeern the extraas of the Charters, V to be valid as the Originals. Court of Session to make up "the Tenor of the Dispositions upon which the petitioner's Infeftments proceeded, &c. extraas of the "Charters, tdc. authorised by the Lords of Session to be good in Law. Persons interested may objea to the authorising the extraas, C Claims to his Majesty, or any other Persons, preceding 1 Attguft "1745, against the Person or Estate of any loyal subjects, whose dwelling houses were invaded by the "Rebels, and whose Writs were carried off or destroyed, upon which no Proeefs has been already commen "eed, or shall not be brought on or before the 15th of November 1748, are discharged, unless the Claim be "proved by the Oath of the Defendant. Determinations to be recorded. [Amended by 21 Geo. 2. c. 17. j

CAP. XXI.

An Act for holding the Summer Assizes, and Sessions of the Peace, for the County of Norfolk, in the City and County of Norwich, until a new Shire House can be built for the said County of Norfolk, and for building a new Shire House on the Castle Hill in the same County; and for raising Money on the said County for that Purpose.

PR.

WHEREAS the Shire House of the County of Norfolk, late situate on the Castle Hill in the said County, in which the Summer Assizes, and General Quarter sessions of the Peace of and for the said County, have been always held, and other public Business of the said County transaaed, hath,

by Accident, been lately entirely burnt down: And whereas it is absolutely necessary, that a new Shire House should be ereaed there for the Purposes aforesaid; the same cannot be rebuilt, completed, and s ftnished, against the next Summer Assizes to be held for the said County of Norfolk, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and there is no Place so convenient for the holding such Summer Assizes, and the General Quarter sessions of the Peace, and for transaaing;

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

26 C 22 — 24.

A.D. 1747.

other Public Business for the said County of Noffolk, as the City of Norwich, which lies in or near the

Centre of the said County; but the said Cit'being a County of itself, distinct from the said County of Norfolk, the said Assizes or seltions of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, cannot, by any Law s now in being, be held within the said City and County of Norwich: And whereas the Mayor, Sheriffs,

Citizens and Commonalty of the said City of Norwich, in Common Council assembled, have consented to the holding of the said Assizes and Sessions within the City and County of Norwich aforesaid; 'therefore enacted, C

The Summer Assizes and Sessions of the Peace for the County of Norfolk to be held at Norwich. The Shire House of Norfolk to be rebuilt, cat the County Charge. Quarter sessions to contrail: for build "thereof. Money to be raised by a general Rate."

CAP. XXII.

An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Parish of Walton upon Thames in the County of Surrey, to Shepperton in the County of Micldlcf X Samuel Dicker Esquire, empowered to build a Bridge from Walton ts Shepperton. Open Passage to be left for the Water to pass 212 Feet. Burning or destroying the Bridge, or taking away, C any of the Works, Felony. Pontage to be paid. For every Coach or other Vessele, drawn by 6 Horses, 2 s. by Horses, 1 s. 6 CL by less than Horses, t s. For every Wagon, Cart or Carriage drawn by Horses or Oxen, 1 s. 6 d. and by less than four, 1 s. For every Horse, C notdrawing, s CL For every Foot Passenger, 2 q. For every Drove of Neat Cattle, 12 d. per Score. For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep or Lambs, 6 d. per Score. Tolls veiled in Mr. Dicker, to be paid but once a Day. Owners Names to be let on the Outside of every Vessel, and the Name of the Town and Parish where he belongs. The Bridge to be deemed extra parochial. Surrey and Middlesex exempted from repairing the Bridge. Rights of the Mayor of the City of London laved.

P R.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Cirencester in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip's Hill in the said County.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for the better securing the Payment of Shares of Prizes taken from the Enemy, to the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for preventing the Embezzlement of Goods and Stores belonging to the said Hospital.

a Geo. 2. c. 4.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty ?s Reign, entitled. An act for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's British Subjects to America; and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty's Service, the lole Interest and Property of and in all and every Ship, vessel, Goods and Merchandizes taken from the Spaniards is given to the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers on Board every Ship and Vessel of War in his Majesty's Pay, and Privateer; (being first adjudged lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Plantations in America or elsewhere) and diverse Rules

and Regulations are therein established for the Adjudication and Condemnation of Prizes taken from the Spaniards; and by the said ala Bounty is given to the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others,

that shall have been actually on Board f'uch of his Majesty's Ship or Ships of War, or Privateer or Privateers, in any Action where any Ship or Ships of War, or Privateer shall be taken from the Enemy,

sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed: whereas by an Act made in the seventeenth Year of his said

iicao, 2. C a. C present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty's Service,

'1'4 and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy, it was found necessary, that the same Encouragement should be given

for the Captors of French Ships, Vessels, Goods and Merchandizes, and the same Rules and Regulations

should be observed in the Adjudication and Condemnation of Prizes taken from the French: And to the end that his Majesty's most gracious Intentions might have full Force and Effect, and for the better car rying on the said 1 Far against France with Vigour, and for the Encouragement of the Officers and Sea men of his Majesty's Ships of War, and the Officers and Seamen of all other British Ships and '/eliels, having Commissions or Letters of Mark; and for inducing all British Seamen, who might be in any Foreign Service, to return into this Kingdom, and become serviceable to his Majesty; and for the more effectual securing and extending the Trade of his Majesty's Subjects, it was enabled, i hat the Flag Of fleers. Commanders and other "Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers on Board every Ship and vessel of War in his Majesty's Pay, should have the sole Interest and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods and Merchandizes, which they had taken on or fmee the twenty-ninth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, or should thereafter take (being first adjudged lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, or his Plantations in America, or elsewhere) to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner, as his Majesty, by his Declura tion bearing Date the twenty-ninth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fory four, had or dered and directed, or in such Proportions, and after such Manner, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Succcf fors, should think fit to order and direct by Proclamation or Proclamations thereafter to be issued for that Purpose; and by the said Act a Bounty is likewise given to the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers or others, that flhall have been actually on Board such of his Majesty's Ship or Ships of War, or Privateer

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

27

C 24.

or Privateers, in any Atftion where any Ship or Ships of War, or Privateers should be taken from the Enemy, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed: it was further enacted, That after the Sale or Sales of such Prize or Prizes as should be taken from the Enemy by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, public Notification should be given by the Persons or Agents appointed, as thereby is directed, of the Day appainted for the Payment of the several Shares of the Captors aforesaid; which public Notification, if any Mens Shares should remain in the Hands of the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, either belonging to such Men as should be run from his Majesty's Service, or which should not be legally demanded within three Years; then such Share or Shares so remaining in the Persons or Agents Hands, or belonging to such Men as should run from his Majesty's Service, should go and be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital: And whereas by the above recited at of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, the Shares of Prizes belonging to run men are not expressly granted to Greenwich Hospital., whereby the said Hospital loseth the Benefit of such Shares of run men, of and in all Prizes taken from the Spaniards, on or since the fourth Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and this ty nine in Europe, and on or since the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty, in any other Part of the World; and some Doubt may arise whether the Shares of Prizes belonging to Men running from their Ships, after Adjudication and Condemnation of such Prizes, hall be for feited by the said Clause in the said last recited ai: For Remedy whereof, and to the Intent that all and every the Shares of Prizes belonging to run men, as well after as before Adjudication and Condemnation, and as well those taken from his Majesty's Enemies, on or since the fourth Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine in Europe, and on or since the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty, in any other Part of the World, as those taken on or since the twenty-ninth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, may be given, and go to, and be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital aforesaid; it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons who, en the fourth Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, or at any Time since did belong, or now does or do belong, or at any Time hereafter shall belong, to any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or to any Merchant Ship employed in his Majesty's Service, and hath or have, at any Time heretofore, or shall at any Time hereafter, run away, or withdraw him or themselves from the Ship or Vessel by which any Prize or Prizes shall be taken from any of his Majesty's Enemies, or otherwise from his Majesty's Service, before or after Notification shall be given by the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, of the Day appointed for the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors of the said Prize or Prizes, shall have, or be entitled to have or claim any Interest in, or Benefit of the said Share or Shares of the said Prize or Prizes, or the bounty money aforesaid, or any Part thereof; but such Share and Shares of such Prize and Prizes, and bounty money, shall go and be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital.

II. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons shall or do run away, or withdraw him or themselves from any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, after Notification given as aforesaid, he or they shall only forfeit and lose such Part of his and their Share and Shares of the said Prize and Prizes, and bounty money, as shall be remaining in the said Agent or Agents Hands, at the Time of his and their running away, or withdrawing him or themselves; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And as several Persons may have bought the Shares of Prizes of run men, for a Consideration a great deal under the real Value thereof, which hath much encouraged Seamen to quit and leave their Ships, and his Majesty's Service; 'Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Vendee or Vendees, Assignee or Assigns of such Share and Shares, and bounty money, or either of them, as is and are, or shall be, on or before the first Day of Jitne in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, bona fide actually bought and assigned, shall, on the Payments of the same, be allowed the full consideration money, be and rhey really and bona fide gave for the same, and Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum, which shall have accrued due from the Day of the Payment of the said consideration money, to the ime or Times of Payment of such Share and Shares, and bounty money, according to the Direction of this Act, or the several acts herein recited, or any of them, and no more; and that the Surplus of the said Share and Shares, and bounty money in the said Agents Hands, after the real Consideration and Interest for the same shall have been paid and satisfied, shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, or his Deputy or Agent, for the Use of the same; and for the better ascertainin^ the whole and true Sum of the consideration money bona file paid, the Vendee or Assignee of every such Share of run men now actually bought, if living, and if dead, then his and their respefdve Representative and Representatives to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, shall make an Affidavit before some or one of the Judges of the Courts of King's Bench or Common Pleas at Westminster, or before some or one of the Barons of the Exchequer, or some Commissioner of the same Courts in the Country in Great Britain, and in any other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, before some or one of the Judges of the Courts of Law or Equity there, or before some other Person or Persons authorised by those Courts to take Affidavits, of the real consideration money paid for the said Share or Shares, and of the true and real Days and Times of the Execution of such Alignments by the Assigners thereof, and which Affidavits so sworn and taken, shall be filed in the said Courts where sworn; all Persons who shall wilfully and corruptly swear falsely in such Affidavits, ball be guilty of, and tried and punished as for wilful and corrupt Perjury; and that no Bill of Sale or Alignment now made and executed, or which shall he made and executed on or before the said first Day of June, of the Share and Shares of any Prize or bounty money to which such persons as aforesaid are or shall, before the said first Day of June be entitled, shall be deemed good and valid in Law or Equity, wherein the true or real Sum and Sums of Money given and paid for such Share and Shares to the said Cap

L 1'_ for

Persons ferying on Beard the Fleet, See. since Jan. 1739, '

who shall quit their Ships,

to forfeit their Claim,

to the Use of Greenwich Hospital.

Share of the Prize Money in the Agents Hand? to be only forfeited.

Persons who bought the Shares of Prizes ] of run men,

on or before 1 June 1747, to be allowed the Consideration Money, and Interest, at 51. percent, the Surplus of such Shares, C to be paid tj the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital. Affidavit to be made of the Sum of Consideration Money paid

and the Time of executing the Assignments. Penalty on making false Affidavits

No Bill of sa'c, See, to be vv.li J, where the Confides lion mo

2 8

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

C 24.

A.D. 1747.

nev is not info r'ed, and at. tested on Gain, Biils of Sale, foe. of Prizes, made after 3 June 1-47, to be void.

for or Captors, Vendor or Vendors thereof, hath or have not been, or shall not be inserted in the said Bill of Sale or Alignment before the Execution thereof, and proved on Oath in Manner aforesaid.

IV. And for the future preventing such Impositions on Seamen, Marines and Solders, and thereby encouraging them to quit and leave their Ships, and his Majesty's Service; and for better Encouragement of Seamen, Marines and Soldiers to continue in his Majesty's Service, be it further enacted, That all and every Bargain, Sale, Bill of Sale, contraq, Agreement and Alignment whatsoever, of, for or concerning any Share or Shares of any Prize or Prizes taken or to be taken from any of his Majesty's Enemies, by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or by any Merchant Ship employed in his Majesty's Service, or having Letters of Mark, or of, for or concerning any Share or Shares of any bounty money given in and by the said recited Acts, where any Ship or Ships of War or Privateers belonging to his Majesty's Enemies should be taken, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, which shall at any Time after the said fist Day of June be made or entered into, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be void and of none Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Lav, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Agents to pay V And the said Persons or Agents for Prizes, appointed as by the said recited Acts are directed, are thecaptois, C hereby respactively authorised, directed and required to pay, or cause to be paid to all such Seamen, ma their shares, C rines and Soldiers as shall appear in Person, or in their Absence to their lawful Attorneys, empowered by suit? them respectively, in the Manner as is herein after directed, or to the Executors or Administrators of such C "-'Seamen, Marines and Soldiers, or their respective Attorney or Attorneys, duly authorised in such Manner as is herein after directed, the respective Share or Shares of such Prize or Prizes, and Bounty money as

aforesaid, respectively due to them, without regard to any Bargain, Sale, Bill of Sale, Contract, Agreement

or Assignment whatsoever, hereafter to be made of, for or concerning the same.

After 1 June

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Letter of Attorney, from and after the said first Day of June, il47, leite.s of jyjgjjg by any Seaman, Marine or Soldier, belonging to any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or to revocable any Merchant Ship in his Majesty's Service, or otherwise in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Sue

C'ceftors, or having Letters of Mark, or belonging to any Privateer, or by the Executors or Administrators

of any such Seaman, Marine or Soldier, in order to empower and entitle any Person or Persons to receive any Share or Shares of any Prize or Prizes, or bounty money as aforesaid, of any Kind whatsoever now

due, or at any Time hereafter to grow due to any Seaman, Marine or Soldier, shall be good and valid,

and sufficient for that Purpose, unless such Letter of Attorney be made revokeable, and for the Use of such rnd averted by Seaman, Marine or Soldier making the same, and unless the same be signed and executed before, and at t: ecaptain, C tested by the Captain or Commander, and one other of the Warrant or Signing Officers of the Ship to which such Seaman, Marine or Soldier making the same shall belong, or the Clerk of the Cheque of one of his Majesty's dockyards, or the Mayor or Chief Magistrate of some Corporation.

VII. And whereas neither by the said recited Act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, nor by the said Act passed in the said seventeenth Year of his said Majesty, any sufficient Pro V if ion is made to oblige such Agents or other Persons, to discover and duly account for the Money remaining in' their Hands, due or to become due and payable to the said Hospital: 'Now, for the better and more effectual preferring and securing all such Interest and Shares of the said Prizes, given and granted by the above recited acts, or either of them, and hereby given and granted to and for the Use of the said Hospital, and Agents, C to for the more certain collecting and receiving the same; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all transmit an Ac and every Person and Persons, Agent and Agents, and others, who have sold and disposed of, or shall here

count to the after fell or otherwise dispose of, any Prize or Prizes so taken as aforesaid, or which hereafter shall be so

Greenwich Ho ta^en from any of his Majesty's Enemies, shall, within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the q'itak within 3 Day to be appointed for the first Payment or Distribution to the Captors of such Prize or Prizes, made in Months after the pursuance of such public Notification, make out and transmit, or deliver unto the Treasurer of the said first Payment, Royal Hospital at Greenwich for the time being, or to such Person or Persons as he shall for that Purpose of the vw depute or appoint, a true State and Account in Writing, under the Hand or Hands of such Agent or Agents, o t L uzes, or Person or Persons so employed, of the Produce of all such Prize and Prizes as aforesaid, together with and of the Pay an Account of the Payments of the several Shares to the Captors, as shall then have been ready and ber.a meats of the side by him or them respectively paid; and also that all and every Person and Persons authorised and ap shirts. pointed by the said Adds, or this present Act, to receive Biils for the Bounty granted by the said recited Acts,

Leto, ?eceive'nt" fall, within the like Space of three Calendar Months next after the Day appointed for the first Payment or Mils for Bounty, Distribution of such Bills for the Bounty as aforesaid, in like Manner make out and transmit, or deliver to tp transmit a'the Treasurer for the time being of the said Hospital, or to his sufficient Deputy, a true State and Account ike Account, in Writing, under his or their Hand or Blands, of the Payment and Distribution of such Biils; and forth r, that all and every Person and Persons, Agents and others, that by virtue of the said acts hath or have sold and disposed of, or that shall hereafter sell or dispose of any Prize or Prizes taken from the Enemy, or which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be taken from the said Enemy by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels Agents, Src, of War, or that shall receive or dispose of any Bill or Bills for Bounty, such Person and Persons, Agents within Months and others, so selling and disposing thereof, shall, within the Space of three Calendar Monts next after the

- r Expiration of the Term of three Years limited by the said Acts, make out an exact Account in Writing,

of the Produce of such Prize and Prizes, Bill and Bills for Bounty, as also of the Payments of the several Shares to the respective Captors, together with a true and just Account upon Oath, to be taken before the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the time being, or any oilier Person or Persons by him for that Purpose deputed and authorised in Writing, under his Hand and Seal (which Oath the said treasurer of the said frizes, and lay hospital, and his sufficient Deputy and Deputies authorised as aforesaid, is and are hereby author izeu and n.tntsc. rare:, imp0wcred to administer) of all Sum and Sums of Money as shall be then remaining in such Agent or amt to deliver Agents, or Persons Custody, Power or Poildlion; and shall at the same Tune deliver or cause to be cidiver iw same, with c[j to the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the time being, or to lis sufficient Deputy or Agent, the said tu Sums re. 3'Accounts

after the Ex pi ration of the 3 Yea s limited, to make out an Accc unt of the f reduce of

A.D. 1747. Anno vicesimo Georgii II. c. 24. 29

Accounts so attested upon Oath as aforesaid, together with all such remaining Sum and Sums of Money, gaining in their. so left and remaining in his or their Hands as aforesaid, taking from the said Treasurer, or his proper of"

Deputy or Agent, his or their Acquittance or Acquittances for the lame. _ Greenwich Ho

Vill. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Person and Persons hereby directed to transmit spitah cor deliver all or any the Accounts before mentioned, who shall neglect or refute to transmit or deliver all or untier penalty any such Account or Accounts to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or his laid Deputy or Agent, within of tool, the Ti nes before limited and appointed, in Manner and Form as is herein before mentioned, or who shall neyicis or lefufe to pay over all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as Oral! remain in his or their Hand or Hands, Power, Custody or Possession, after the 'Perm of three Years, to be accounted as aforesaid, shall, Dispafil of the for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, over and above the Money then in such Fotfeitores, Agents Hands; one third Part whereof shall belong to his Majesty, and the remaining two thirds to the said Royal Hospital; to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by aion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record; in which no Essoin* Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Fraud, Collusion or Deceit shall be wittingly or willingly Persons convict made, used, committed, permitted, done or suffered in making. Hating or balancing any such Accounts; ejot n.slung then every Person or Persons who shall be thereof duly convicted, and his and their Aiders' and Abettors, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, over and above the Penalties and Punishments inflicted by this or any other or former Law, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; one third Part whereof to be to the Use of Disposal of the his Majesty, and one other third to the Use of the said Hospital, and the other third to the Informer who foi felturc shall sue for the same; to be recovered with Coils of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any Court of Record; in which no eftoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

X. And whereas by the above recited als made in the thirteenth and seventeenth Years of his said pre 13 Geo. 2. c. 4, sent majesty's Reign respectively, as a further Encouragement to the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, § j5, Ce. and others on Board any of his Majesty's Ships of War, as also of Privateers, to attack, take and destroy 2' c

any Ships of Force belonging to the Enemy, it was enabled. That there should be paid by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, upon Bills to be made forth by the Commissioners of the Navy, to be paid according to the Course thereof, without Fee or Reward, unto the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others, that should have been atslually on Board such of his Majesty's Ships of War, or Privateer or Privateers, in any action where any Ship or Ships of War, or Privateers should have been taken from the

Enemy, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, five Pounds for every Man which was living on Board any Ship or Ships so taken, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, at the Beginning of the Engagement between them, the Numbers of such Men to be proved by the Oaths of three or more of the chief Officers or Men, which were belonging 10 the said Ship or Ships of War, or Privateers of the Enemy, or belonging to any of them at the Time of her or their being taken as Prize, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, be fore the Mayor or other chief Magistrate of the Port within any of his Majesty's Dominions, whereunto any Prize or Officers, or Men of such Ships as were sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, should be brought, or before the British Consul, or Vice Consul, residing at any Neutral Port, to which such Prize or Officers, or Men should be brought, which Oaths the said Mayor or other chief Magistrate of any such Port or Consul, or Vice Consul, were thereby empowered and required to administer, and should forthwith grant a Certificate thereof, without Fee or Reward, directed, to the Commissioners of the Navy,

upon producing which Certificate to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, together with an authen tick Copy of the Condemnation of such Ship so taken, or if such Ship be sunk, burnt or otherwise de ffroyed, on producing only a Certificate from the Mayor, or other chief Magistrate, or Consul, or Vice Cor, full, as aforesaid, the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, or such Person or Persons as they should appoint for that Purpose, should according to the Course of the Navy, within fifteen Days make out Bills for the Amount of such Bounty, directed to the Treasurer of the Navy, payable to, and to be divided among! the Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers on Board his Majesty's Ships of War, in Manner,

Form and Proportion as by his Majesty's Proclamation to be issued for that Purpose, should be directed and appointed; and among! the Owners, Officers and Seamen of any private Vessel or Ship of War, in such Manner and Proportion as by any Agreement in Writing the y should have entered into for that Purpose, should be directed: And whereas some Doubt has arisen whether such Oaths, relating to the said bounty money, and the Certificate thereon granted, could be administred and granted by any Mayor or chief Magistrate, Consul, or Vice Consul of any Port, other than the full Port to which such Prize or Prizes, or Officers or Men should be first brought; and it has sometimes happened, that such Oath and Certificate could not be administered and granted at the first Port where such Prize or Prizes or Officers or Men have been brought, whereby the Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers of his Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War, Privateer and Privateers, by which the Ships of his Majesty's Enemies have been taken,

burnt, sunk or otherwise destroyed, have Been totally deprived of the Benefit of the said Bounty money

For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all such Cases, where such Oath Where m o.vfi and Certificate could not, or hereafter cannot be administred and granted at the said first Port, such Oath or and Certificate Oaths relating to any Prize or Prizes taken or to be taken, or to any Ship's of his Majesty's Enemies sunk, cannot W: n»nt> burnt or oth rwife destroyed, or hereafter to be sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, shall and may be ad pu they "may ministred and taken by and before the Mayor and other chief Magistrate of any Port within any of his Ma be taken before jesty's Dominions, or by or before the British Consul, or Vice Consul, residing at any Neutral Port, where the Magistrate unto any Prize or Prizes, or Officers or Men of any Ships belonging to his Majesty's Enemies, as have of any other, been or shall be taken, !unk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, shall at any Time hereafter be brought (Proof pr. of to be made being first made by Affidavit before such Person or perfor.s, of the Inability of making such Oath or Oaths, of I heir Liability and obtaining such Certificate at the said first Port) and the Mayor and other chief Magistrate, Consul or«f making the

Vice Oath, C in

3

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

the first Port, Certificate to be granted thereon.

18 Geo. 2. c. 31. §.6.

Agents to register their Letters of Attorney in the Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, before 1 Aug.

1747.

and in America, C before 1 Oct. 1747, or where the Prizes shall be condemned.

within six Months after Condemnation;

under Penalty of 5c0l.

Agents appoint ed a fur Condemnation of a Prize, to re gill er their Letters of Attorney within six Months, C Registers in the Courts of admi jalty in America, C iliail ycaily tranlciibe all Lcttns of Attorney n gi luvcd in Inch Courts, C and transmit the same to thctrea fuier of Greenwich Hospital;

C 24;

A.D. 1747.

Vice Consul, shall thereupon grant such Certificate and Certificates, as by the said recited ags are directed; which Certificate and Certificates shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Furpoles, a if the same were granted by the Mayor or chief Magistrate, Consul or Vice Consul of the Port to which such Prize or Prizes, Officers or Men as aforesaid, have been or shall be first brought; anything in the said recited ags to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas by an AG passed in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, it was en aged, That all and every Person and Persons who since the Commencement of the present War against Spain, had or had been, or then were, or thereafter should be, appointed Agent or Agents for any Prize or Prizes taken by any Ship or Ships of war belonging to his Majesty, or for receiving the said Bounty money, and which Prize or Prizes had been or should be condemned in the High Court of Admiralty of England, should exhibit, and cause to be registered in the said High Court of Admiralty, his or their re spegive Letter or Letters of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents (who had not already done the same) and if any Person or Persons, so as aforesaid appointed Agent or Agents (who had not already done the same) should refuse or negleg so to do on or before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive; if any Person or Persons thereafter to be appointed Agent or Agents for the Purposes aforesaid, should refuse or negleg to exhibit, and cause to be registered in the said High Court of Admiralty, his or their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents as aforesaid, for the Space of six Calendar Months after Sentence of Condemnation of any Prize jshould be given in the said High Court of admiralty, for the Care and Distribution of which he or they shall be appointed Agent or Agents; such Person or Persons so refilling or negleging, hall forfeit the Sum £ of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by him or them who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Plaint or Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain, in which no Essoin, protegion or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance should be allowed: And whereas the last above recited Clause does not extend the Benefit of this Registry, or require the Agents of Prizes in his Majesty's Plantations in America or elsewhere, to exhibit and cause to be registered their Letters of Attorney in the Courts of Admiralty there, as is done here in England; by which Means the said Royal Hospital does not receive the whole Benefit accruing to it from Prizes, nor is the Purpose of making such Letters of Attorney Evidence of the Agency of such Person or Persons, to whom the same is made, in h: C jesty's Courts of Record, thereby fully answered Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who since the Commencement of the present far against Spain and France respectively, has or have been, or now is or are, or hereafter shall be appointed Agent or Agents for any Prize or Prizes taken by any Ship or Ships, Vessel or vessels of War, or by any Merchant Ship or Ships employed in his Majesty's Service, or having Letters of Mark, or for receiving the bounty money by the said recited ags granted, and which Prize or Prizes hath or have been, or hereafter shall be condemne > in the High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in any of the Courts of Admiralty in any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, or in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, or elsewhere, shall exhibit and cause to be registered in the High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in the respective Courts of Admiralty in America, or in any other of his Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere, where the said Prize and pii/.es, and every of them, hath or have been or shall be condemned, appointing him or them Agent or Agents for the Purposes aforesaid, unless he ot; they have respectively done the same; and if any Person or Persons, so as aforesaid appointed Agent or Agents (who have not already done the same) shall u fuse or negleg so to do, on or before the first Day of Augtjfl one thousand seven hundred and forty seven in Great Britain, and on or before the first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, in America ox other his Majesty's Dominions; or if any Person or Persons hereafter to be appointed Agent or Agents for the Purposes aforesaid, shall refuse or negleg to exhibit and cause to be registered in any of the Courts of Admiralty aforesaid, his or their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents as aforesaid, for the Space of six Calendar Months after Sentence of Condemnation of any Prise or Prizes shall be given in any of the said Courts of Admiralty, for the Care and Distribution of which he or they shall be appointed Agent or Agents; fuel) Person or Persons, Agent or Agents refilling or negleging, shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; to be recovered by him or them who will fuc for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain, America, or in any other of his Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere; in which no Essoin, protegion, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall he allowed.

XII. Provided always, That if any Agent or Agents shall be appointed after the Time any Sentence of Condemnation in any of the said Courts ot Admiralty shall be given, such Agent or Agents, shall, under the aforesaid Penalty, register or cause to be registered in Manner aforesaid1, his or their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents as aforesaid, within the Space of six Calendar Months after the Date of his or their said Letter or Letfers of Attorney.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Register or Registers of all and every the Court and Courts of Admiralty in any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, or elsewhere, in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, shall, yearly and every Year upon the twenty third Day of oslober, or within three Calendar Months next after the lame, make out and transcribe true Copies of all and every such Letter and Letters of Attorifey ns shall be so registered in the said Court or Courts, to which the Judge and Judges of the Lid Court and Courts shall affix, his and their Seal of Office; and then the said Register and Registers shall transmit the same to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Grcnnvich, to be there registered, and to be inspeged by any Person gratis \ the Charges of which Copies, and affixing the Seal or Seals thereto, and transmitting the same to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, shall be paid by the said Agent or Agents at the Time of making such Registry as aforesaid; in case such Register or Registers shall negleg or refuse to transcribe and transmit such Copy and Copies of the said Letter and Letters of Attorney in Manner aforesaid (any Ship or Ships in that Time sailing from such Port or Place to any Port or Ports

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

3i

CI 24.

Ports in Great Britain) such Register and Registers so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit the Sum of five Penalty 500l. hundred Pounds, to be recovered by him or them who will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Rill,

Plaint or Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain or America, or in any other of his Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere; which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XIV. And for the more effectual making such Letters of Attorney Evidence of the Agency of the Person Copies of the or Persons to whom the same are made, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That true Copies Let; ersofattor of such Letter and Letters of Attorney, and of Translripts under Seal, transmitted by the said Register or Evidencegcod Registers of the Court and Courts of Admiralty of his Majesty's Plantations in America, and elsewhere u L' within his Majesty's Dominions, and registered by the said Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, shall, from time to time and at all Times hereafter, be good and sufficient Evidence of the Agency of the Person or Persons to whom such Letter of Attorney is or shall be made, and from time to time and at all Times hereafter shall be admitted, without further or other Proof thereof, to be legal Evidence in all his Majesty's Courts of Record of Law or Equity; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas several of the Agents for Prizes have, fmee the twenty-ninth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, been vexatiously sued by Persons who have been made Run in the 1 Lists of the Names of the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers or others who were actually on Board such of his Majesty's Ships or vessels of War at the taking of such Prize or Prizes, and which said Lists were duly certified after the Condemnation of such Prize or Prizes, and transmitted to the said Agents, C though the Plaintiffs in such Suits knew, that by the several Acts of Parliament herein before recited,

and passed in the thirteenth and seventeenth Years of his present Majesty, their respective Shares of such Prizes were forfeited by their running away from the Service, and granted to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, and that the said Agents are but the Receivers thereof, and have the Care and Custody of the Mo

arising by such Shares, to and for the Benfit of the said Hospital, till the End of three Years limited by the said Acts, and within three Calendar Months after the Expiration of which three Years the said

are obliged by the said Acts to account for, and pay over the same to the Use of the said Hospital,

under certain Penalties in the said Acts contained; which said run men very often commence these Suits before all the Times appointed for the Payment of the said Shares are expired, and being geneially Pau ' pers, they often discontinue the said Suits and abscond, whereby the said Agents are put to great Costs in the Defence of the same, and have no Means of recovering the same, and therefore deduct such Costs out of the Moneys arising from such Shares remaining in their Hands at the Time of their accounting with and paying it to the Treasurer of the said Hospital or his Deputy, who are not authorised by the said Acts to allow the same; nor can the Governor and Directors of the said Hospital enter into the Defence of the said Suits, whilst the said Moneys remain in the said Agents Hands, till it becomes payable to

the said Hospital, according to the Directions of the said Acts Be it therefore enacted by the Authority Agents not Ha. aforesaid, That no Agent or Agents shall be liable to be sued, impleaded or arrested by any Person or Per blc to te sued fons who shall hereafter be made Run from his Majesty's Service, in the said Lists transmitted to them of by Persons the Names of the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers or others entitled to such Shares, till the End of naderl: n three Months next after the Expiration of three Years, limited by the Acts aforesaid, unless the Person or t; u 3 Months Persons so made Run, shall obtain a Certificate before any Action brought from the Commissioners of his after thej Years majesty's Navy, who subscribed and transmitted the said Lists, the said Agent or Agents, or some of them, limited, unless or their proper Officer or Officers, that the R or r's are taken off, and the Forfeitures of such Share or d f

Shares discharged, and the said Agent or Agents, on the producing such Certificate or Certificates shall re t4 R sbdnn° fuse to pay the same, in case the same be due and payable, according to the Directions in his Majesty's said taken off, Declaration within two Months after Demand made on such Certificate.

XVI. And whereas several of the common Pensioners and Nurses in the said Royal Hospital of late have pawned or otherwise disposed of the Wearing Clothes, Linen and other Goods delivered to them to wear and use during their being Pensioners or Nurses of the Lid Hospital, and continuing therein, and put the said Hospital to great Charge in redeeming or purchasing the same, and are much encouraged by Pawn brokers and other ill disposed Persons, for lucre's Sake so to do, though they know the Person or Persons who pawn or sell such Clothes and Linen, by the Colour, Make and Marks of and in the said Clothes and Linen have no absolute or legal Interest or Property in the same; and that the said Pensioners and

Nurses do often desert and run away from the said Hospital, and carry away their Clothes and Linen with them: Therefore for preventing such Practices for the future, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Pawnbroker or other Person or Persons shall take to pawn, buy, exchange or receive any Persons taking Clothes, Linen and other Goods or Stores belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or to the Goto pawn Clothes, vernor and Directors of the sail Hospital, appropriated to and for the Wear of the said Pensioners or Nurses cf, ^'.°li8!ngto during their Continuance in the said Hospital, or belonging thereto, and to the Use of the said Hospital, from e 0 plta any of the said Pensioners, Nurses or other Person or Persons upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or changing the or cause the Colour of such Clothes, Linen cr Goods to be changed, or the Marks thereon to be taken out Colour or or defaced, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Pcunds Marks, to for upon Conviction thereof, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any of his fclt51 majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County wherein the said Offence or Offences shall be committed; which Penalty or Penalties of five Poun s shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands to be levied by and Seals of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of the Distress aiitl said Offender or Offenders; one Moiety of which said Penalty or Penalties shall be paid to the Informer or p'jjralof'he

Informers, and the other Moiety shall go and be paid to the Use of the said Hospital; and in case any such Forfeiture.'*Offender or Offenders, who shall be convictea as aforesaid, of having bought, exchanged, received or For worn of di taken in Pawn any such Clothes, Linen or other Goods or Stores as aforesaid, or of having caused the Co ih cfs Offender io

lour

32 C 23. — 30. Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1747.

bs co, t!m?trei for 3 Months;

or to be pub Iickly whipped. Pensioners or Nurses going off with the hospitalclothef, C to be committed for six Months.

Persons sued on this Act, C

lour of such Clothes, Linen or Goods to be changed, contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattles, whereon Difirefs may be made, to the Value of the Penalty or Penalties recovered a gain ft him, her, or them, for such Offence or Offences, or shall not pay such Penalty or Penalties within four Days after such Conviction, then, and in such Case, such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, either commit such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol of the County where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Months, or cause such Offender or Offenders to be publicly whipped, at the Discretion of such justice; and that if any Pensioner or Nurse of the said Hospital, shall desert or run away from the same, and carry away with thejji any Clothes, Linen, Stores or Goods delivered to him, her or them, to wear and use whilst they, or any of them, was or were Penftoners or Nurses of or belonging to the said Hospital, or any other Clothes, Goods or Stores belonging thereto; such Person or Persons being lawfully convicted thereof, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall he committed to the common Gaol or House of Correction, where he, she or they shall be apprehended, for the Space of six Months, without Bail or Mainprize.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times hereafter, any Person or Persons shall be sued for any Matter or Thing done in the Execution of this Act, or if the Governor, Matter, Lieutenant Governor, Directors, Captains or any other Officers of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, commonly called the Officers of the House, who now are, or at any Time hereafter shall he concerned in the Government of the said Hospital or House, or any Steward, Minister, Servant or Agent employed or to be employed by the Governor, Matter, Lieutenant Governor or Directors, in collecting or receiving the Rents and Revenues of the said House, or in any other Matter or Thing relating to the said House, or any or either of them, shall be sued for any Matter or Thing done in the Execution of this Act, or in any wise relating to the said Hospital or House, such Governor, Matter, Lieutenant Governor, Directors, Captains and Officers of the said House, and their Stewards, Ministers, Servants and Agents, and each and every of them, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence; and if upon Trial the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or if a Verdict shall be given against him or them, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover treble his and their Coils of Suit, and may levy the same by Execution, to be awarded out of the Court where such Action or Actions shall be brought.

to plead the General htue.

[Treble Costs.]

See farther C 38. and 22 gto. 2. C 52, 24 Geo. 2. c. 47. 31 Geo. 2. c. 10.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for repairing the Highroad leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence through ivhiflon to Barnard Cafllc, in the same County.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years. Enlarged by 22 Geo. 2. c. 51.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for reviving and continuing an Act passed in the ttxth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of two Penny Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Town ff/'bruntifland, and Liberties thereof for increasing the public Revenue of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

PR.

The Act 6 Geo. 2. C S. revived and continued for 31 Years.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for founding and building a Chapel in Wednesfield in the Parish of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford.

PR.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Catherick Bridge in the County of York, to Vann in the said County; and from thence to Stockton in the County of Durban; rjnd from thence through Sedgrfeid, in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.

CAP. XXIX.

a11 Act to confirm an Agreement made hv the Rector and Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint James within the Liberty of Westminster, for enlarging the Churchyard of the said Parish, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

PR.

CAP. XXX.

Fnfinutr Laws An Act for allowing Persons impeached of High Treason, whereby any Corruption of Blood 7"re/cflrea' may he made or for Misprision of such Treason, to make their full Defence by Council.

*5 Ed. 3 stat' 5. 2. 11 //. 7, C 1, 26 H. S. C 13. 33 H. 8. C 20. 35 H. S. C 2. 1 Ed, 6. C 12. 5 6 Ed. 6. C 11. 1 Mar. flat. 1, C 1. 1 Afar,

jhtr. 2. C 6. 1 & 2 P. & a1. C 1 o & 11. 5 El. C 1 r. 14 El. C 3. 18 El. 1. 23 El. C 1. 29 El. C 2. 7 IV 3 C 3, 13 £? 14//'. 3. C 3. 1 Am:

juit. 2. C 17, 2 vs? 3 Ann, C 20. 6 Ann. C 7, 7 Ann. C zi. 17 Geo. 2. c. 39.

WHEREAS it is thought reasonable, that Persons impeached by the House of Commons of High Treason, whereby any Corruption of Blood is made, or for Misprision of inch Treason, flroulj have the same Benefit and Advantage in making their Defence, as they may have on Indictments or other 6 prosecutions the Commons therefore humbly pray your Majesty that it may he enacted, and be it enacted

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

c-3?>32., 33

acted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty Council allewci seven, all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall be impeached by the Commons of Great Bri to persons im tain of any High Treason, 'whereby any Corruption of Blood may or shall be made to any such Offender or pfail*e<j f h'ei' Offenders, or to any the Heir or Heirs of any such Offender or Offenders, or for Misprision of such Treason, common' '*be received and admitted to make his or their full Defence by Council Learned in the Law, not exceeding two Council, who shall be assigned for that Purpose, on the Application of the Party or Parties impeached, at any Time after the Articles of Impeachment shall be exhibited by the Commons.

And 21 Geo. 2. c. 19. 22 Geo. 2. c. 48, for regulating Trials for High Treason in Scotland,

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for contining the Term and enlarging the Powers granted by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of his late majesty's Reign, entitled, An act for repairing and widening the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the City of Hereford; and for repairing other Roads in the County of Gloucester. P R,

The Act 12 Geo. i. C 13. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for uniting the two Colleges of Saint Salvator and Saint Leonard, in the University of Saint Andrews, ptiriiiant to an Agreement for that Purpose.

PR.

WHEREAS the College of Saint Salvator, in the University of Saint Andrews, confiffs of a Provost or Principal Maher, three Profcfiors of Philosophy, a Professor of Greek, and a Professor of Humanity, with final! Salaries annexed to each Professorship; and Saint leonard's College in the same University is likewise composed of a Principal Mailer, three Professors of Philosophy, a Profellor of Greeks and a Professor of Humanity, who teach the same Arts and Sciences, and the said Colleges have different large Fabrics and Rents and Emoluments under separate Managements: And whereas the Parliament of Scotland, in Consideration of the low Condition of the Revenues of this and the other Universities, and of the mean and incompetent Provisions of the Mailers and Professors thereof, and from a De 4 fire of giving all due Encouragement to these Seminaries, did, by an Act of Parliament dated the tenth Day of September one thousand six hundred and seventy two, grant the Stipends and Benefices of Churches that Should happen to be vacant for seven Years next ensuing the Date of the said Act, to be employed for the Use of the said Universities and Colleges, the Proportion whereof allocated to the said two Col leges, being no more than fourteen Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence yearly and the said Parliament of Scotland, considering the final] and incompetent Provisions and Salaries then possessed by the Ma 4 Hers and Professors of his Majesty's famous and ancient University of Saint Andrews, did, for Encouragement and Advancement of Learning, by another Act of the seventeenth of September one thousand six hundred and eighty one, enact and ordain, that Half a month's Cess should be imposed upon the Land Rent in Scotland, to be paid in and flocked for the Use of the said University of Saint Andrews, and divided in its just Proportions to the several Matters and Professors in the several Colleges therein, by the Advice of his Majesty's Privy Council, from which the Sum of one hundred and seventeen Pounds fourteen Shillings and fourpence yearly, arises to the said two Colleges: And whereas his late Majesty King Wa 4 liam was graciously pleased, by a Grant bearing Date the twenty-ninth Day of April one thousand six hundred and ninety five, to grant to the said Principals, Professors and Mailers in the said University of Andrews, and to their Successors in Office, the \'early Sum of three hundred Pounds, out of the Rents and Revenues of the Bishopridcs in Scotland, and to be applied and distributed among them in Manner therein mentioned, to commence from whitsunday one thousand six hundred and ninety four, and to continue in time coming, and to be paid yearly to the Factors of the several Colleges of the said University for the time being, for the Use and Behoof of the said Principals, Professors and others in Manner therein appointed, cf which the Sum of one hundred and forty Pounds was the Share allocated to the Principals and Professors of the said two Colleges of Saint Salvator and Saint Leonard: And whereas his present Majesty was graciously pleased, from his pious and princely Zeal for the good and flourishing State of the said University of Saint Andrews, by his Royal Grant bearing Date the ninth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, to grant to the several Principals and Professors in the said University, and to their Successors in Office, the yearly Sum of two hundred and ten Pounds, to be di llributed in Manner therein set forth, to be placed on the Establishment for Civil Affairs, in that Part of the United Kingdom, to commence from Christmas one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, and from thenceforth to be paid and accounted for to the said several Principals and Professors, and their Successors in Office, during his Majesty's Pleasure; which the Sum of one hundred and fifty seven Pounds, sixteen Shillings and eleven Pence and one third of a Penny, was the Share allocated to the Principals and Professors of the said two Colleges last mentioned: And whereas the present Salaries payable to the

Mailers and Professors of the said two Colleges are as follows, viz. to the Provost or Principal of Saint salvator's College, the yearly Sum of eighty-three Pounds, six Shillings and eight Pence, including the Sum of eighteen Pounds, as his Share of his present Majesty's said Bounty; to the three Professors of Philo sophy and Professor of Greek, the yearly Sum of forty six Pounds each, including the Sum of eleven Pounds one Shilling and sixpence halfpenny, as the Share for each of his Majesty's said Bounty; to the Professor of Humanity, the yearly Sum of thirty nine Pounds fourteen Shillings and sixpence and one third of a Penny, including the Sum of eleven Pounds one Shilling and sixpence Half penny, as his

34-

C 33, 34. Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1747.

Share of the said Bounty; to the Principal of Saint Leonard's College, the yearly Sum of one hundred and thitry Pounds two Shillings and five Pence and one sixth of a Penny, including the Sum of eighteen Pounds, as his Share of the said Bounty, to the several Professors in the same College, the same Salaries respectively, with the Correspondent professors in the said College of Saint Salvator, and including the

like Sums as their several Shares of the said Bounty; to the Professor of Mathematics, tyre yearly Sum of sixty one Pounds, including the Sum of eleven Pounds one Shilling and sixpence halfpenny, as his Share of the said Bounty; and to the professor of Medicine, the yearly Sum of fifty Pounds: And whereas the Revenues of the said two Colleges have, from time to time, been diminished by various Accidents, and particularly by Augmentations of Stipends, out of the Tythes of certain Parishes which were anci ently appropriated to the said two Colleges, whereby, and by Means whereof, the Moneys arising from the ancient and late Grants made to the said University, is not more than sufficient to satisfy and discharge the said final) Salaries, and other incident Expenses, and there is no Fund sufficient to maintain or support the Fabrics of the said Colleges: And whereas the present Matters and Professors in both the said Colleges, taking into their Consideration, that the Meanness of the present Salaries will discourage Men oflearn ing and Abilities from accepting of vacant Professorships, and that in the present ruinous State and Con

of one of the Fabrics, the same cannot be repaired or supported without an Expense far exceeding what the public Funds of the said College can afford; and conceiving it to be proper, when they cannot immediately apply a full Remedy to this growing Evil, at least to attempt laying a Foundation which hereafter may support this sinking, though once flourishing University, and give Hopes of rettoring it again to its former Lustre; after mature Deliberation, finding no Expedient more probable than the uniting of the said two Colleges, and their Rents and Revenues under one common Management, and uniting also the Correspondent Professorships in the said two Colleges, as the same shall become vacant by Death or Resignation; said present Matters and professors in both the said Colleges, have therefore come to an Agreement to unite and incorporate the said two Colleges, upon such Terms as they conceive may be of general public Benefit, and tend to promote the Advancement of Learning and better Education of Youth in the said ancient University: as such Union cannot be effesed without the Aid and Authority of an Act of Parliament; 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, upon the humble Petition of David Young, Professor of Philosophy, in Behalf of himself, and of the Provost and Principal Matters and Professors in the said Colleges of Saint Salvator and Saint Leonard, in the said University of Saint Andrew's, That it may be enacted, (Ac.

"The two Colleges of St. Salvator and St. Leonard united. The Lands, &c. belonging thereto, put under <£ the Management of a Principal and Matters. The Funds for the Salaries to be one common Stock. "The several Powers, &c. of the Colleges reserved. Persons appointed to be the Principal, and Profefl ers "of the United College. His Majesty's Bounty made revocable at Pleasure. Privileges granted to the Prin "of the United College.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the City of London and County of Middlesex, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground, for an additional Burying ground, for the Use of the said Parish; and to enable the said Parishioners to raise such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be necessary for that Purpose.

PR.

CAP. XXXIV.

12 Car. 2, C 36,

An act to enable his Majesty to allow to the Residuary Legatees of Sir Joseph je'yl! Knight, late Mailer of the Rolls, deceased, Part of the Legacy given by his Will to the Use of rite Sinking Fund.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act tmpowering the Masler of the Rolls for the time being to make Leases for Years, in order to new build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls, reciting, That the Mansion house, Ground and Tenements, with the Appurtenances, belonging to the Matter of the Roils, as Matter of the Rolls, were much out of Repair, and not capable of Improvement, in regard the former Mailers of the Rolls were not enabled to grant such Leases, and for such Terms, as might encourage Tenants to build and to repair, it was enacted, That the Matter of the Rolls for the time being, and his Successors, Matters of the Rolls, should have good Right, full Power, and lawful Authority, during the Time he or they should continue Matters of the Rolls, by Writing indented, under Hand and Seal, to grant and make Leases for one and forty Years, or for any lelferterm, to commence from the making of any such Leases, of all and Angular the premiites, or any Part thereof (the Chapel of the Rolls, with a convenient mamion house, Court yard. Garden, Stable, Coach house, and other out houses and Buildings, fit for the Use and Habitation of the Matter of the Rolls only excepted) and that such Lease and Leases so to be made, should be good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Matter of the Rolls for the time being, as should so make the lame, had been seized of the Premifies of a good eaate in See ample, in which Act there is a Proviso, That the Matter of the Rolls for the time being, or any succeeding Matter of the Roll's, after the Premises had been once letten, according to the rower given as aforesaid, should riot make dr grant any new or concurrent Lease, until within leven Years of the Expiration of the Lease then in being, nor iorany letter Rent than was reserved upon the former Lease, nor for any longer Term,

than for the Term of twenty-one Years from the making such new Lease: And whereas Sir Harbottle Grimjhn, Baronet, Matter of the Roils, did, by virtue of the Powers given to him by the said Act as Matter of the Rolls, grant Building Leases of Part of the said Ground belonging to the Rolls, for the

4 - Teun

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

C

35> 35*

C Term of forty on Years, and other Leases of other Parts thereof, for the Term of twenty-one Years: t _____*"0! -. in ua 1 ________ t CL _ \, r 6

35

V the Houses built on the Ground belonging to the Rolls, in a ruinous Condition, did, from time to time,

rebuild several of the said Houses in a substantial Manner, and at a very great Expense, and afterwards e granted Leases of the said Ground and Houses, for the Term of forty-one Years, in Trust for himself conceiving that he was impowered by the said Act to grant such Leases: And whereas the said Sir Joseph Jekyll died on or about the nineteenth Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, and by his last Will and Testament, in Writing, bearing. Date the fourth Day of May in the said Year, bequeathed several pecuniary Legacies and Annuities for Life, to several of his Relations,

and directed that the East India and South Sea Stock, which tie Should be possessed of at the Time of his 6 Death, should not be transferred, or altered by his Executor, during the Life of Dame Elizabeth his Wife ' (who is since also deceased) but after her Death, he gave his said East India and South Sea Stock to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, Kings or Queens of England, to be applied to the Use of the Sinking e Fund, in such Manner, as should be directed by at of Parliament; and all the rest and Residue of his Estate both Real and Personal, he gave and devised unto Thomas Jekyll, John Jekyll, Joseph Jekyll, Edward Jekyll,

Richard Blackett Jekyll, Mary Jekyll, and Hannah Jekyll, Children of John Jekyll, late of New England, dc ceased, and to Joseph Jekyll Grocer, the Son of Thomas Jekyll, and to Nicholas Roberts, Thomas Hesler,

Tryphena baldvan and Tryphofa Sanders, and to their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, as Tenants in Common; and he appointed the said Joseph Jekyll Executor of his Will; and he also gave his said execu for Power to renew Leases, from rhyme to time, of the Houses held of the Master of the Rolls, with his

Succeli or or Successors, Mailers of the Rolls for the Time being: And whereas the said Sir Joseph Jekyll did before, and till the Time of his Death, drew great arfedtion and Regard for several of his Relations,

whom he so made Reluluary Legatees by his said Will, and several Times expressed his Intention to make

a competent Provision for their Support, and for that End and Purpose devised to them all the Residue of

1 his Real rr.d perfor.al Estate, in Manner as before mentioned: And whereas it having appeared since the e Death of the said Sir Joseph Jekyll, that the Ground belonging to the Rolls which he demised together with the Messuages built thereon for the Term of forty-one Years, were demifeable for the Term of twenty-one Years only, the said Residuary Legatees were necessitated to enter into an Agreement with John Verne, deceased, late Master of the Rolls, by which Agreement all the said Leases granted as aforesaief, for the 'Perm of forty-one Years, were to be cancelled, and the said John Verney was to ex 5 ecute, for the Benefit of the said Residuary Legatees, other Leases of the said Messuages, for the Term of twenty-one Years, and by Reason of such Agreement the Value of the Estate bequeathed to the said Le gatees, is so reduced, that several of them will be exposed to Indigence and Distress, unless some Relief

be granted to them by parliamenttherefore we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, having taken the Premises into Consideration, do

most humbly beseech your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Mr. Jekyll per most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and fitted t raise Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may i3>ssal.9s.2d. be lawful; for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Warrant or Order under his or their Sign Manual, °ndiaanaouth to permit the said Joseph Jekyll, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, to sell so much of the East India Sea Stotk, given and South Sea Stock, devised as aforesaid, as will enable him or them to raise for the Benefit of the said by Sir jofenh Residuary Legatees, the Sum of thirteen thousand five hundred and eighty-two Pounds nine Shillings and lg11, or tfle twopence; which said Sum of thirteen thousand five hundred eighty-two Pounds nine Shillings and two

pence shall be applied by him or them in the same Manner, as the Real and Personal Estate of the said Sir .'g'aliita 5 Joseph Jekyll is, by his said Will, directed to be applied. as sir jofepif

Jekyll': Estate.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to register their Letters of Attorney, appointing them Agents for Prizes within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Time given to i Aug. 1747.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for applying a certain Sum of Money, for defraying the Charge of the Allowances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse Guards, and three Regiments of Horse, lately reduced, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and for continuing the Bounties on the Exportation of Brilljl: and Irish coarse "Linens.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain' in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Ma

F z jesty

Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1747.

One million granted out of the Sinking Fund.

Clause of Loan at il, percent

Tallies and Orders fer Repayment,

Orders to be register'd, and paid in Course,

without undue Preference,

No See for regi ilering, C

Penalty of undue Preference,

C 36. Anno vicesimo Georgii II. n. lj. L j.

jesty in this Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, in the cafieft Manner we are able, for the Benefit of your Majesty's Subjects, and all'o to use such Ways and Means therein, as that your Majesty may have the better and more speedy Effect of the said Supplies, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of one million, out of the Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund: And to that End and Purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys as now are, or shall from time to time be and icmain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the said Surplusses, ex cefl es or Overplus Montes, commonly called The Sinking Fund (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been clirested by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall and may be issued and applied, a Sum not exceeding the said Sum of one million, for and towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall think it adviseable to raise the said Sum of one million, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in Manner herein after mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said Sum of one million, upon the Credit of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund; and to have and receive for the Forbearance of the Money lent, Interest after a Rate not exceeding four Pounds per Centum per Annum, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, who are hereby

'authorised to issue their Warrants for that Purpose as fall as such Loans shall be wanted for the public Service; and moreover that no Money so to be lent on the Security of this Act shall be rated or assessed to any Tax or assessment whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this Act as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately have a Tally of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his, her or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with his her or their Tally, in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, not exceeding the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Repayment of Money so to be lent shall be registered in Course according to the Dates respectively; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Cour fe, according as their Orders shall stand registered in the said Register Bonks, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his her or their Executors, administrators or Assigns, who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Books of Resister,

shall he taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be paid out of the said Surplusses, ixeesses or Overplus Aflonies; and he, she or they who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders next entered, shall he taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; that the Moneys to come in, of or for the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, as aforesaid, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or af signs respectively, without any undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever (other than such Uses and Purposes as are appointed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf as aforesaid;,) that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity directly or indirectly shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views or Searches in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending, with Full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or Demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also; if any undue Preference of one before another shall he made either in Point of Registery or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt with Full Costs of Suit to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his abafter, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall he liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Place or Office; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct the said Orders of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment upon such Order, according to each person's due Place and Order as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid; which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages and Costs, to be incurred by any the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at ife/huinficr; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Refttaiiit shall be in any wise granted oral lowed, 3

A.D. 1747. Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

C 36.

37

IV. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it shall happen that several allies of Loan or Orders for No »n<toc pe

Payment as aforesaid, hear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registered, wj'l'd

then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, so as he enters them all the^'

same Day Day.

V. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incur any Penalty in Point of noi.; ffubfc. Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent Or quest Orders be ders to Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other Persons that did paid before inch not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in Course, so as there be so much Money reserved as "Y, 01 'teas will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them; Interest upon mjn C '

Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be due Oidenassignable for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Registry as aforesaid, his, to ties quoties, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by proper Words of Assignment to be endorsed and written upon his, her or their Order, may assign or transfer his, her or their Right, Title, Interest and Benefit of such Order, or any Part thereof to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the

Receipt as aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry aforesaid for

Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall entitle such

Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Succefi ors and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and

Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoties; and afterwards it The Assignment

shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made such Assignment to make void, no to be vo "te<i.

release or discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

VII. And to the end there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum not to exceed in the whole the Treasury may said Sum of one million, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by bluing Exchequer Bills as is make new ex herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means for the public Service; Be it fur f^raisine ihe there enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or said one million any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners s. C

of the Treasury for the Time being, shall judge it more adviseable to raise the said Sum of one million or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills, instead of such Loans as aforesaid, that then they respectively are hereby authorised and empowered at any Time or tims to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made at the Exchequer, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of one million, together with such Loans as aforesaid, in the same or like Manner, Form or Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by a certain Act of Parliament (for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, for the Service of the Year one 20 Geo. 2. C z, thousand seven hundred and forty seven) are enabled and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, The Exchequer Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disablities contained in the said last mentioned Bite >° teb act relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act, except such Clauses !northeast

as do charge the same on the Aids, Taxes or Assessments granted by the same Act, shall be applied and ex C£J' "'cl'r' tended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated or reenacted in the Body of this present Act.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills as shall be made in to be repaid out pursuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to, or attending the same, of ihcsir.king shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and born by or out of the grow Fund.

ing Produce of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be Blued and applied, as fast as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

X. And for the better enabling your Majesty to carry on the War with Vigour, both by Sea and Land, and to make good such Treaties as are or shall be made with your majesty's Allies, your said dutiful and Joyal Commons have a'so freely given and granted unto your Majesty the further Sum of five hundred thou find Pounds, to be raised in Manner herein after mentioned; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or War The further Sum rants under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorise and empower the Commissioners of his Majesty's 7 rca of 500.01: 01, fury, now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time sral]£'d 10 his being, at any Time or Times before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ", je forty seven, to cause or direct any Loans to be taken or received at his Majesty's Exchequer, from any Per to beraiiid by son or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Number of Exchequer Loans orjv'

Bills to be made out there, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in Loans and Exchequer Bills ch'r^uer E lls. together, in the whole, the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, in the same or like Manner, Fotm

and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by the before mentioned Act of this present Session of Parliament (for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and lorty seven) are enabled and prescribed, concerning the Loans or Exchequer Bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said Act,

Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1747.

Regulations concerning that Exchequer Bills

Loans, Sec, to carry 4 1. percent.

payable otit of the first Supplies,

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the said last mentioned

1 at, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills, authorised to be made by the same act (except such clauses as do charge the same on the Rates, Duties and Assessments granted by the same al) shall be applied and extended to the Loans and Exchc uer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Loans or Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Ail, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid, as shall be taken in, or made forth in pursuance of this Act, may respectively be made to bear or carry an Interest, Premium or Rate, not exceeding four Pounds per Centum per Annum; and all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, together with the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to, or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upen, and shall be repaid, or born by or out of the firs Aids or Supplies, which shall be granted in Parliament next after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and in cale sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, then all and every the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, with the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Moneys, as at any Time or Times at or after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the said Surpluff'es, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as salt as the lame can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling and discharging such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

Moneys paid out

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall be sole s'nlcms issued out of the said Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, shall phtld out of the from time to time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament; any first Supplies, thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Land Tax.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming into 20 Geo. 2. C a. the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament (entitled. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven)) so much Money, if any such be, of the i axe thereby granted, as shall arise or remain, after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax, halbe satisfied, or Mon y sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either lay Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Ail of this Session of Parliament (entitled. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Alalt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven)) so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thefeon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient ved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; at

or Sinking Fund,

Malt AC.

£, 0 Geo. 2. c. 5.

hall be reserved

tud alfoall the Moneys coming into the Exchequer

by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon one other Act of this sef a ml Dulles upon iton of Parliament (entitled. An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows and

Mope fly other Rates and Duties upon h lfes,

hundred thousand Pounds h A nr', ', to be

} I null's, C 20 Geo. 2.

and upon Coaches, C 20 Geo. 2. c. 10: nd t IX 508 I. j9 s. 2d. re nuining of the Additional Duties on sj<in*' tuous liqi.jols j applied.

2, 292, 1591.

IS 5. Sd. to ftlaval Services.

Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Hsttfcs, dpiiidotvs or Lights; and for raising the Sum of four millions four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged cn the said Rates or Duties;,) and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, by Contributions, by way of a Lottery, for the Purchase of Annuities, after the Rato of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament (entitled. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Coaches, and other Carriages therein mentioned, and for raising the Sun of one mild'a, by way of Lottery, to be charged upon the said Rates and Duties;,) and also the Sum of one hundred twelve thousand five hundred eight Pounds nineteen Shillings Duties on Spirituo fying all Encumbrances thereupon one million five hundred thousand Pounds, and are hereby appropriated for and towards (that is to say)

XV. It is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may he issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two million two hundred ninety-two thousand two hundred fifty-nine Pounds eighteen Shilling and eight Pence, for or towards the naval Services herein after more particuiaily espressed; (that is to say) For or towards defraying the Charges of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for halt pay to Sea Officers; and for or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or to;

; and twopence, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of the additional ious Liquors, grained by an Act of the sixteemh Year CL his Majesty's Reign, after latif raiices thereupon, to christmas one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and the Sum of

y this Act granted, shall be further appropriated and applied, the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein after expressed

wards Sea S

cervices in

the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed;

tnd for or towards carrying

39

1747'

Anno vicesimo Georc II II

C 36.

ing on the.building of the intended Hospital for sick and wounded Seamen at Gosport, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven.

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup 205.-2? 1. gs. plies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not ex for Freight ceeding two hundred five thousand seven hundred twenty-eight Pounds nine Shillings and nine Pence, for the transforts freight of Trani ports, between the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and the

thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money

not exceeding sixty six thousand six hundred sixty eight Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence, for the Expense

of the Victuals provided for his Majesty's Land Forces, between the first Day of January one thou auija the Land

land seven hundred and fortyfive, and the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and Forces.

fos ty six.

XVII. And it is hereby also enabled. That out of all or any the Adds or Supplies as aforesaid, there shall 10, 000 1. to

XVIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there shall 477, 2131. g and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four hundred seventy seven thou 2 d. to the ord sand two hundred thirteen Pounds eight Shillings and twopence, for or towards defraying the Charge of the nance.

Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, performed

and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

XIX. And it is hereby likewise enafved, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as afore 106, 2531. 15 s. said, there shall and may be ifi ued and applied an}' Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred six to the Marines, thousand two hundred fifty-three Pounds and fifteen Shillings, for defraying the Charge of eleven thousand five hundred and fifty Marines (Commission and non commission Officers included) to be employed for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven.

XX. and it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies provided as afore 3, 191, 4311.75. said, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three million 1 d. Farthing, to one hundred ninety one thousand four hundred thirty-two Pounds seven Shillings and twopence Farthing, the Land Forces, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces and other Services herein after more particularly expressed

; that is to say, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eight hundred fifty six thousand sixty six of which ounds nineteen Shillings and twopence, for defraying the Charge of thirty-three thousand and thirty ef 856, 0651.19 festive Men? including Commission and non commission Officers, and one thousand eight hundred and d.per Guards, fifteen Invalids, for Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services in Great get "n Guem britain, Guernsey and Jersey, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and any Sum or fey and jet fey Sums of Money, not exceeding three hundred seventy two thousand seven hundred eighty eight Pounds and eleven Shillings, for defraying the Charge of fifteen thousand one hundred and ninety six effective Men, for the" War I Commission and non commission Officers included, for the Service of the War in Flanders, for the Year Flanders; one thousand Even hundred and forty seven; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three hun 343, 112 1.8s. dred forty-three thousand one hundred twelve Pounds eight Shillings and one Penny Halfpenny, for main 1 d. Halfpenny taining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for forc.esil the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia, Gibraltar, Georgia, Rattan and Cape Breton, for the Year one the Flotations, thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four hundred

1 s.

ill

& C

thousand Pounds, for cleft ay ing the Expense of the Pay and Subsistence of the Body of the Troops of of

Hanover, confiding of five thousand Horse, and thirteen thousand Foot, making in the Whole eighteen Hanover, thousand Men, to act in the Low Countries, with the Austrian Troops, and those of the States General of 10, 000 1. for a the United Provinces, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven 3 and any Sum or Sums of Train of Artil money, not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, fora Train of Artillery to attend the said Troops; and any ler>' sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred sixty one thousand six hundred seven Pounds seventeen*s'

Shillings and one Penny Halfpenny, for defraying the Charge of cue thousand two hundred sixty four Horse, J troopse&c. and four thousand nine hundred and eight Foot, with the General Officers, and Train of Artillery, the to the King of" Troops of his Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of hrjje Ccjfel, in the Pay of Great Britain, from Sweden, the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty six, to the twenty-fourth Day of 433, 333 ' 6 s. December one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, both inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the said 8 J to ft Time, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four hundred thirty-three (Ueen °* ru thousand three hundred thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight Pence, to enable the Queen of Hungary \ ry' j to to support her Allies, and maintain sixty thousand Men in the Low Countries, for the Year one thousand te K; ng 'Of seven hundred and forty seven, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three sar.iinld. hundred thousand Pounds, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the King of Sardinia, pursuant to 24, 2991. 1 s. Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-four thousand two hundred ninety-nine to the Pounds one Shilling and fourpence, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Cologn, "t0r of Co pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eight thousand six hundred and twenty^g 3 to tre Pounds, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector uf Alentz, pursuant to Treaty; andejeftor Of and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty six thousand eight hundred forty six Pounds eleven Menu. Shillings and nine Pence, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Bavaria, pursuant 26, 8461. 11 s. to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty eight thousand five hundred ft venty five9d. to the Pounds seventeen Shillings an 1 ten Pence, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers, and Offi Elector of ba cers of the Hospitals for his Majesty's Land Forces, for the Year on thousand seven hundred and forty vana' seven; any Sum or Sums of Money, not exeeeiingone hundred sixty six thousand one hundred ninety od a g nciil

eight °' ' 01

40

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

and Staff Officers.

166, 19s I. 18 s. 4 d. Farthing, for extraordinary Charges of the Rebellion, C

29, 914 1. 15 s. 10 d. to hah pay.

6, 120). for Horses loll in Flanders, C 3, 941 1. to Widows of reduced Officers,

456, -33 !6 s. 3 d. 3 Farthings, for Deficiencies on the civil List; and 500, 000 1. to discharge the like Sum borrowed, C

30, coo 1, for the Bridge at west luinster.

500, 000 I, to enable his Majesty to carry on the War.

7.97si. Ss.

4 d. to the Deficiency of Sramp Duties.

1 3, 010 1. 5 d.

Halfpenny, to the Deficiency of the Duties an Sweets.

35, 000 1. for nterest due on tilt Salt Duties,

*9, 693 1. T.

9 J. Halfpenny to make good the additional duties on Wines. 10, 21 X 1. 5 s.

3 d. Farthing Deficiency of the General Fund, 13^3-s 1. 4 E. 7 d. Deficiency of Grants. 16, 670 1. ITS.

1 d Farthing, Deficiency on j.irence* for retailing Spirituous liquors.

J, 42i ! nr. a d. mi/penny,

C

A.D. 1747.

eight Pounds eighteen Shillings and fourpence Farthing, for defraying the extraordinary Expenses on Account of the Rebellion, and other Services of his Majesty's Land Forces, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six, incurred and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-nine thousand nine hundred fourteen Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, upon Account of half-pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, subject to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the same; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six thousand one hundred and twenty Pounds, for providing four hundred and eight Horses lost in Flanders and at the Battles of Falkirk and Culloden, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three thousand nine hundred and forty-eight Pounds, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; which said Sum of three thousand nine hundred and forty-eight Pounds, shall be issued to such Person or Persons, as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, direct or appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over to such Widows of half-pay Officers, or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lists or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, and other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty, by such and the like Warrent or Warrants, shall be graciously pleased to direct and appoint.

XXI. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any, the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there Hull and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four hundred fifty six thousand seven hundred thirty-three Pounds sixteen Shillings and threepence three farthin.s, to make good the Deficiency of the Duties and Revenues applicable to the Uses of his Majesty's Civil Government in the seven Years, ending at Midfumner one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to discharge the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, raised in pursuance of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and charged on the first Aids or Supplies to be granted in Parliament, after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty six.

XXII. And it is hereby enacted, That out of ail or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and paid to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey., or any seven or more of them, or to such person or Persons as shall be appointed under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to receive the same, the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, without Account, other than is directed for other Moneys raised by virtue of several former Acts of Parliament, passed during the Reign of his present Majesty, for building the said Bridge, to be applied towards finishing the said Bridge, and to enable the said Commissioners to perform the other Trulls reposed in them.

XXIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may he issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to carry on the War with Vigour both by Sea and Land, and to make good such Treaties as are or shall be made with his Majesty's Allies, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven.

XXIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding seven thousand nine hundred seventy eight Pounds eight Shillings and fourpence, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Chrijhnas one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive; any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirteen thousand nine hundred ten Pounds and five Pence Halfpenny, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of twelve Shillings rfbarrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty-five thousand Pounds, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to anlvcer one year's interest due at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty six, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum of one million lent on the Credit of the Salt Duties, which were continued for six Years, from Lady Day one thousand fei cn hundred and fifty-three, towards the Supply for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty-nine thousand six hundred ni lety three Pounds seventeen Shillings and nine Pence Halfpenny, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like sum.paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Duties on Wines at Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and forty six.

XXV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand two hundred eleven Pounds five Shillings and threepence Farthing, for making good the Deficiency of the General Fund for the Year ending at' Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred thirty-five thousand three hundred seventy eight Pounds four Shillings and seven Pence, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding sixteen thousand LIX hundred seventy Pounds eleven Shillings and one Penny Farthing, for making good the Deficiency at ladyday one thousand seven hundred and forty six, of the Duty on Licences for retailing of Spirituous Liquors; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one thousand four hundred twenty-one Pounds eleven Shillings and twopence Halfpenny, for making good the Deficiency at chri/hnas one thousand seven hundred and forty six, of the additional Duties on all Wines imported; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty-eight thou

A.D. 174.7.

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

C

r,

A I

sand two hundred thirty-three Pounds one Shilling and one Penny, for making good the Deficiency attocf.cncy on Ghriftmas one thousand seven hundred and forty six, of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty-eight thousand six hundred forty-eight Pounds five Shil defi^en'cyon lings and twopence Farthing, for making good the Deficiency at Chrifmas one thousand seven hun ciofs ami spiri dred and forty six, of the Surplus of the Fund of the Lottery one thousand seven hundred and four mous Liquors. teen. '38, 6481. 5s. 2d.

XXVI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (entitled., An Act for continuing one Half Part of the Subsidies of Tonnage and Lottery in 1714.

Poundage, and other Duties upon jviv.es, Goods and Merchandizes imported, which were granted to the Crown Anns C j u

in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second; ami for settlisig a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, not exceeding eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, to be sold for raifng a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight, and other Uses therein express'ed) certain Annuities were granted and made payable at the Exchequer out of the said Duties by that Act continued: And whereas in pursuance of an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (entitled. An Act for enabling the south-sea Company 6 Geo. 1.0, 4.

he circulated and exchanged upon Demand, at or near the Exchequer) several of the Proprietors of the Annuities before mentioned did subscribe the same into the Capital Stock of the said South Sea Company, upon the Terms in the said last recited Act mentioned, by means whereof the said Company are become inti tied to the yearly Sum of forty seven thousand three, hundred twenty seven Pounds thirteen Shillings and eight Pence, for interest and Charges of Management, upon such Part of the said Annuities so subscribed into their Capital: And whereas the Moneys arisen into the Exchequer, of or for the Rates and Duties by the said first recited Act granted, have proved so low and deficient, that at the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and forty six, there was due and payable to the several Persons entitled to such Part of the said Annuities as were not subscribed to the South Sea Company, as also to the South Sea Company, upon their Annuity aforesaid, the Sum of eighty-five thousand ninehun dred sixty eight Pounds twelve Shillings and threepence three Farthings: And whereas no Provision is made by the said Acts, or either of them, for making good such Deficiency; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Acts or Supplies aforesaid, there flaa.ll and may be issued 85, 96x1. ns. and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of eighty-five thousand nine hundred sixty 3<*. 3 Farthings, eight Bounds twelve Shillings and threepence three Farthings, to make good to the several Proprietors of nnuv's the said Annuities, as also to the said South Sea Company, the several Sum or Sums of Money due to them, 'j, to satisfy their respective Annuities payable by the said Acts of Parliament, to or for any Time before the South sracom said feaffday of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and forty six. pany, Sir.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids or Supplies provided The Supplies to as aforesaid shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and 'b, = applied as Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfied there tills threfls, out by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XXVIII. And as to the said Sum of twenty-nine thousand nine hundred fourteen Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence by this Act appropriated bn Account of half-pay, as aforesaid; It is hereby enacted and debt Rules to be ob clared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the ap f plication thereof'; that is to say, That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a if pay Minor and under the Ageof sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company, in which,*, cj. I'., h i served was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who C 23./^. 25. did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Piofi, Civil or Military, under his Midefly, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXIX. and whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, 19 Geo. 2. c. 37.

(entitled, V " '

of the Year t 4 of Money.

in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates. of Exchequer" Bills, Lottery Tickets!. Receipts,

Annuity Orders or other Orders, lojl, burnt or otherwise dejir.oycd) several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several use.s and Purposes therein expressed,

amongst which, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-four thousand seven hundred and

one Pounds seven Shillings and six per.cc, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Ma

4. jesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf; 'Now it is hereby pro The surplus of

vided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That Ib much of the hid Sum of twenty-four thou Ty

sand seven hundred and one Pounds seven Shillings and sixpence, as is or shall be more than sufficient to fa to such cib '

tisfv the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said Act to be observed in the Appli p cu ns his KU

Yul. VII G -'Catibji direct.

£2, 2671. 5< 1*

Halfpenny, to the two Troops of Horse Guards, and three Regiments of Horse lately reduced,

The Bounties of english and lrifli coarse Linnens continued, CI

5 Geo. 2. c. 29. 18 Geo. 2. c. 25.

Concerning iatf ren see farther 21

13 Ed. 1. c. 39. t2 Ed. 4, C I.

3 Geo. i, C ic

6? 16'.

Rroccfs unexecuted, to be Turned over to the fuccecjing Sheriff 5

on Penalty of making good the Damage,

Sheriff not liable to make Return of any Writ, Sec, after

- fie 8 W. 3.

t. 21*

0 Anna?, C 21. $ 64-

jo Anna?, C 17.

8 G o, t. C 24

a Geo. 2. c. 20

C 37, 38. Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1747.

cation thereof., or any Part of such Overplus, shall or may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or loit their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as by reason of their long Service or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity; or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of the Moneys or Savings arising from the Money granted by Parliament, applicable to the Relief and Provision of the Widows of Officers who have been killed or died in the Service, there shall and may be issued and applied, by any Warrant or Warrants of his Majesty under his Royal Sign Manual, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of twenty-two thousand two hundred and sixty seven Pounds and five Pence Halfpenny, for defraying the Charge of the Allowances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of two Troops of Horse Guards and three Regiments of Horse lately reduced, together with the incident Charges arising therefrom, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bounties on the Exportation of British and Irish coarse Linnens shall continue to be paid under the Regulations of the Acts of the fifteenth, sixteenth and eighteenth Years of his Majesty's Reign; and that the same shall be paid out of such Part of the old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents; and that an Account thereof be laid before the House of Commons every Session of Parliament, in order to replacing the same out of the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

[ Geo. 2. c. 26, 24 Geo. 2. c. 46, 29 Geo. 2. c. 15. 32 Geo. 2. c. 32.]

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for tyre Ease of Sheriffs with Regard to the Return of Process.

FOR the Ease of Sheriffs with Regard to the Return of Proeefs, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, all sheriff's of any County, City, Liberty, Division, Town Corporate or Place, shall, at the Expiration of their Office, turn over to the succeeding Sheriff, by Indenture and Schedule, all such Writs and Process as shall remain in their Hands unexecuted, who shall duly execute and return the same; and in case any such Sheriff shall refuse or rie gleft to turn over such Process in Manner aforesaid, every such Sheriff so neglecting or refusing, shall be liable to make such Satisfaction by Damages and Costs to the Party aggrieved, as he, she or they shall sustain by such Neglect or Refusal.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Sheriff shall be liable to be called upon to make a Return of any Writ or Process, unless he be required so to do within six Months after the Expiration of his said Office.

5 Months. Sec farther 24 Geo. 2. c. 48. Jei7, 12, ard 31 Geo. 2. c. 14.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for the Relief and Support of maimed and disabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, slain or drowned in the Merchants Service.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, certain Encourage ments were given for Seamen to register themselves in and for his Majesty's Service; and in case any such registered Seamen should, by Age, Wounds or other Accidents, be disabled for future Service at Sea, and should not be able to maintain themselves comfortably, and the Children of such disabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such of them as should happen to be slain, killed or drowned in Sea Service, were to be provided for in the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, so far forth as the said Hospital should be ca pable to receive them, and the Revenue thereof would extend; and for the better Support of the said Hospital, sixpence per Month is by the said Act to be allowed out of the Wages of every Seaman employed in the Merchants Service, as well as of those employed in the Service of the Royal Navy: And whereas by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, so much of the said Act as relates to the registering of Seamen was repealed; whereby every Seaman in the Service of the Royal Navy (though not registered) is entitled to the Benefits of the said Hospital: And whereas by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the better collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the Support of the said Hospital, any Seaman is to be confijered as fully qualified for an Admission into the said Hospital, who shall offer himself to be admitted, and shall produce an authentic Certificate of his having been wounded, maimed or hurt in defending any Ship belonging to the Subjects of this Kingdom against the Enemies thereof, or in taking any Ship from the Enemy,

1 and being thereby disabled for Sea Service: And whereas by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the more effectual suppressing of Piracy, every Seaman on Board any Merchant Ship who shall be maimed in Fight against any Pirate, upon due Proof thereof,

is to be admitted into and provided for in the said Hospital, preferable to any other Seaman who is disabled. ' Service or getting a Livelihood merely by Age: And whereas by an Act made in the eighth Year of the p.eign of his present Majesty, for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Eftntcs forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles.; Ratcliffe, Seamen on Board any Merchant

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

43

C 38.

Ship or Vessel, who shall be maimed in Fight against any Enemy of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, are to be admitted into and provided for in the said Hospital, in like Manner as any other Seamen wounded or disabled in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors: And whereas the said Hospital

not capable to receive, nor the Income thereof sufficient to provide for the Seamen in the Service of" C the Royal Navy, who are wounded, maimed or worn out by Age, or otherwise entitled to the Benefits thereof, so that the Ssamen in the Merchants Service maimed and disabled in Sight, have seldom or never been admitted into the said Hospital, though entitled thereto and proper Objects of Charity: And where as there is no Provison at all made by either of the said Acts for such Seamen in the Merchants Service as are maimed or disabled by accidental Misfortunes, or for those worn out by Age, or for the Widows or Children of such as shall be killed, slain or drowned in the aid Service: And whereas the Seamen in the Merchants Service are willing to allow sixpence per Month out of their Wages, to be applied for the Re ' lies and Support of such as shall be maimed or disabled, or worn out by Age, and of the Widows and Children of those who shall be killed, slain or drov/ned in the said Service: And forasmuch as the Sea ' men in the Merchants Service have, during the Course of this War, manifested their Courage and Refo lution, and deserve all due Encouragement; and the establishing the said Charity will tend to the Honour and good of the Public; but the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; '

May it therefore please your moult Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Alexander Governors Hume, John Brifow, John Bailee, Harry Gough, Albert Nijbett, Nathaniel Newman junior, Joseph Gulfton, Names. Charles Pole, Esquires; Sir Piter Thompson Knight, Robert Nettleton. Robert Thornton, "John Smith, Abraham Hume, Henry Norris senior, Peter Du Cane, Jofias jvordsworth, Joseph Faivthrop, Charles Savage, William Hunt, Merrick Burrell, James Lock, Henry March, Henry Mailman, Teodore Jaeobfon, James Theobald, Brian Benson, Roger Drake, John Gore, Walter Vane, Thomas Godfrey, johnwenham, Nathaniel Pace,

william Willy, Esquires; Chitty, Henry Norris junior, Joseph Adams, Thomas Allen, Samuel Baker,

Matthews Beacheroft, Humphry Bell, William Black, Charles Boehm, Edmund Boehm, Joseph Chitty, Jacob Chitty, Abel Fannereau, Zachariah Philip Fonnereau, Abraham Franco, Jacob Franco, John Surly senior, John Godlee, Godhard Hagen, Ezekiel Hall, John Hanbury, Tilman Henckell, Edward Hunt, Joel jvation, Gerard Penned', Joshua Venncck, Godfrey Thornton, John Weyland, Robert Dingley, Peter Thomas, Thomas Hyam,

Eliakbn Palmer, Chauncey Townsend, Peter Mailman, John Pain junior, John Thornton, William Wilberforce, Henry Sperling, James Brogden, Gilbert Malcher, Tomas Swayne, Beeston Long, Stephen Theodore Janssen, Thomas Boehm, Benjamin Bond, William Bowden, Thomas Forfar, William Hayter,

Clarmont, Edwin Martin, John Porter, John Sparrow, Thomas Spencer, James Sperling, John tbomunfon,

Gent Unwin, Amyand, John Van Rixtel, Alexander Shrease, Liebert Dorrien, Henry

Sbffiner, George Prescott junior, Andrew Pringle, Robert Flacky, Nicholas Magens, James Henckell, Janies Buchanan, James II hitchurch, Harman Beerens, Thomas Chitty, Gryphon Ransom, Benjamin Me, George New iand, Richard King, Thomas Tryan, John Simpson, Samuel Stork, Thomas Chase, Samuel Clark, John Goddard, Merchants; Master Thomas Bennet, Master Adam Spencer and Master John Canham, and their successors, to be elected and named in Manner herein after directed and appointed, shall be, and are hereby declared and adjudged to be one Body Corporate and Politic, in Deed and in Name, by the Name of Te Governors In prefulent and Governors for the Relief and Support of sick, maimed and disabled Seamen, and of the Widows and corporaied. Children of such as shall be killed, fain or drowned in the Merchants Service: And that by the same Name of The Name of Cor president and Governors they shall have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal, with Power to change, portion, alter, break and make new the same, when and as often as they shall judge expedient; and by the same Name may sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded, answer and be answered unto in all or any Court or Courts of Record, and Places of Judicature within this Kingdom; and that they and their successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in Law to have, hold, receive, enjoy, possess and retain in Trust for the Ends and Purposes of this Act, all such Sum and Sums of Money as are granted, and shall be raised, colledhd and received by virtue of this Act, or shall be contributed, devised or bequeathed by any well disposed Persons to and for the said Ends and Purposes; and that they and their successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall and may, at any Time hereafter, without Licence, in Mortmain, purchase, take or ^, r receive any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Estate or Interests arising or derived out of the na

same, so that such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments be only for the Site of, or to be converted into an ing an Hospital. Hospital, with Offices and Appurtenances necessary thereunto for the said Ends and Purposes.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said President and Governors, and Provision to be their Successors, to be elected and named in the Manner herein after directed and appointed, shall and may, made for there and they are hereby authorised and empowered to provide in such Hospital for the Reception of such Sea afdlg men as shall be rendered incapable of present or future Service, by Sickness, Wounds or other accidental ab "Searaen' Misfortunes, and those who shall become decrepit or worn out by Age; or shall provide for such Seamen, by allowing them certain Pensions, or otherwise, as to the said President and Governors, and their Succef and for Pensions: fors shall seem meet, and most for the Advantage of the intended Charity; and also to relieve the Widows d and Children of such Seamen as shall be killed, slain or drowned in the said Service; provided such Chil jowsand Children are not of the Age of fourteen Years; or if of that Age or upwards, not capable of getting a Liveli dren, hood, by reason of Lameness, Blindness or other Infirmities, and are proper Objects of Charity; and to make reasonable Allowances to those who shall lose an Eye or Limb, or be otherwise hurt or maimed in fighting, defending or working the Ships in which they respectively serve, or in loading or unloading the,

Cargoes thereof, or otherwise howsoever, in doing their Duty in the said Service, in Proportion to the Damage or Hurt they shall respectively receive, so far forth as the Income and Revenues which arc, shall or may be vested in the said Pixfident and Governors, and their successors, will extend for the Purposes afore

C 3^. Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1747.

said, according to such Rules, Orders and p egulations as are or shall be established by crin pursuance of this Add.

Seimen to pro.

III. Provided nevertheless, That no Seaman in the said Service shall be entitled to any of the Provisions or Cnee Certificates Benefits of this Act, unless he hall produce or cause to be produced, a Certificate to the President, aftift of the tvv ants and committees herein after named, or their Successors, of the Hurt or Damage he hath received, from the Master, Mate, Boatswain and Surgeon, or so many of them as were in the Ship or Vessel to which such Seaman did belong at the Time of his receiving such Hurt or Damage; or of the Master and two of the Seamen, if there is no other Officer; or in case the Master shall die, or be killed or drowned, then of the Person who shall take upon him the Care of the Ship or Vessel, and two of the Seamen on board the same, under their Hands and Seals, thereby signifyitig how and in what Manner such Seamen received such Hurt or Damage, whether in fighting, defending, working, loading or unloading the said Ship or Vessel, where Parties signing and when he entered, and how long he had served on board the same; and the Parties so signing and sealing the Certificates fuc'n Certificate, hall and are hereby required to make Oath of the Truth of the Contents thereof, before to make Oath, some one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, if given in Great Britain or Ireland, or other his Majesty's Dominions, or the chief Officer of the Customs of the Port or Place where there is no Justice of the Peace, or before the British Consul or Resident in any Foreign Country where such Certificate is executed (who are hereby respectively authorised and required to administer the same without Fee or Reward) and in case certificate to of sickness, whereby such Seaman hall lie rendered incapable of Service, a Certificate signed, scaled and senmeitdifiibled authenticated in like Manner, signifying that he was healthy when he entered on board such Ship or Vessel, and that such Sickness was contrasted on board the same, or on Shore, in doing his Duty in the Service of the Ship, and not otherwise; and expressing the Time and Place he entered on board such Slip or Vessel, and how long he had served therein; and that no Widow, Child or Children of any Seaman killed, lain or 'drowned in the said Service, shall be relieved or entitled to any Allowance by virtue of this Act, unless she or they, or some Person on her or their Behalf, shall produce a Certificate signed, sealed and authenticated in like Manner, signifying how and in what Manner such Seaman lost his Life in the Service of the said Ship or Vessel, the Time and Place he entered onboard, and how long he had served therein; and also another Certificate, under the Hands and Seals of the Minister and Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place, or any two of them, or under the Hands and Seals of the Minister and Overseets of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place, or any two of them, where there are no Churchwardens; and if such Widow, Child or Children are some of the People called Niaiers, then by any two reputable Persons of that Persuasion, of the Parish, Township or Place where such Widow, Chi d or Children have a legal Settlement or do inhabit or reside, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses, that such Widow was the lawful Wife and real Widow, and that such Child or Children was or were the lawful Child or Children of such Seaman killed, lain or drowned as aforesaid, and is or are under the Age of fourteen Years; or if of that Age or upwards, not capable of getting a Livelihood, by reason of Lame seamen not in ness, Blindness or other Infirmities, and is or are proper Objects of Charity; and that no Seaman shall be titled who have provided for by a Pension or otherwise, as decrepit or worn out, unless such Seaman shall have served in the rot served 5 Merchants Service for the Space of five Years, and contributed and paid sixpence per Month out of his Years, C Wages for that Time to and for the good Ends and Purposes of this Act.

Persons forging,

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge, counterfeit, erase or al c. Certificates, ter, or hall procure to be forged, counterfeited, erased or altered, or shall unfairly or unduly obtain any Certificate in order to entitle him or her to any the Pensions, Allowances or Benefits of this Act, and shall produce, or cause such Certificate to be produced for that Puvpose, such Certificate shall, upon Discovery tabepunished thereof, be null and void; and such Person so applying for Relief or Provision, hall be for ever incapable of as incorrigible receiving any the Benefits of this Act, and shall be subject and liable to the like Punishment as an incorri koguis. gj|3je r0gue js subject and liable to, and shall be punished accordingly as such.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the more constant and ordinary Management of the Moneys to be raised for the good Ends and Purposes aforesaid, there shall be, from time to time and for ever hereafter, a President and twenty-one Assistants or Committees of the said hereby erected President and Corporation; and that Henry Norris senior Esquire, shall be the first President, and Alexander Hume ef afiitums " choir. Sir Peter Thompson Knight, Robert Nettleton, Robert Thornton, John Smith, Peter Die Cane, Jo pais tvordsworth, Jqfepb Fawthrop, Esquires; Chiity, Henry Norris junior, William Black, John Hanbury, John Weylaiul, Robert Dingly, Thomas Hymn, James Brogden, Stephen Theodore janjfen, John Thomlinson, Merchants; Master Thomas Bennett, Master John Canham, Master Adam Spencer, the twenty-one Assistants or Committees.

to continue till

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said herein before named President 24 June 1748. and rtffistants or Committees, shall continue and remain so to be, till the twenty-fourth Day of June cue New elc&innto thousand seven hundred and forty-eight; on which said twenty-fourth Day of June in every Year, yearly tv yearly, ami for ever hereafter, or within five Days, either before or after the said twenty fourth Day of Jane, ten Days Notice in the Notice being given in the London Gazette, of the Day fixed by a General Court of Afiernhly to be then Gazette. held of the President and Governors of the said Corporation for the time being, a new Choice or Election of a President and twenty-one Assistants, or Committees, shall be made and taken by the said President and Governors, or the greater Part of them then present, for the Year then next following; who after such Election, shall continue and remain such until the next General Court or Assembly to be annually held for the Election of a President and Assistants, or Committees as aforesaid.

President to

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at all and every the General Courts or have a Vote. Aftembleies of the said President and Governors, and at the several full Courts of Assistants or Committees, to be held as herein after is directed, the said President for the time being shall have. Voice, and ball vote and aft as a Member of such General Court or Courts of Committees; and in case of an Equality of Voles, the said President hall have and exercise a calling Vote.

by Sickness j

Widows and Children,

Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1747.

C 78.

45

VIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That there shall be four General Courts at lead held every Four General Year; that is to say, on the said twenty fourth 'day of June, on the twenty ninth Day of September, on Conns yearly; the twenty-fifth Day of December, and on the twenty-fifth Day of March, or within five Days before or

after either of the said Daysrespectively, of which ten Days Notice shall be given in the London Gazette, Notice in the and the said President and Assistants, or Committees, shall! have Power to call a General Court at any other Gczeite.

Time or Times, as the Affairs of the said Corporation flail require; and are also empowered and required Courts may be to call a General Court at the Request of any thirteen of the Members of the said Corporation, signifying called at other the lame by Writing under their Hands; provided that ten Days Notice at leaf! be given in the London Ga es. of the Time and Place of the Meeting of every such General Court so to be called as aforesaid. gmns Notice

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said President, with any five or more President and of the said Assistants or Committees for the time being, flail make a full Court of Assistants or Committees; 5 Assistants to and shall meet, from time to time, upon Wednesdays weekly, in or near the City of London, or at such other m "ke^c'?.u!r.t 5 Time and Place as they flail think fit to appoint; and such Court of Assistants or Committees flail have meet eels Power, when assembled as aforesaid, in the Name of the said Corporation, and on their Account, to apply the Moneys arising and to be received by virtue of this Act, and vested in the said Corporation, for the

Relief and Support of such Seamen, and their Widows and Children, as are before described; and shall be entitled to the Benefits and Provisions of this Act in the Manner herein directed, and in case there shall! be any Surplus thereof, or any Sum or Sums of Money shall be contributed and given for the Purposes of this Act by any well disposed Persons, to lay out the same in Parliamentary Securities, or to dispose of the same in the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as are hereby before allowed, and with and under their Common Seal, to enter into any Covenants or Contracts for the Purposes aforesaid, as they shall think fit for the better effecting and carrying on the Charity hereby intended; and to appoint and to appoint Of. choose, and at their Pleasure to remove, displace and supply any Officers, Servants and other Person and ficeis, C Persons to be employed for the Purposes herein mentioned and intended, or other the Affairs of the said Corporation (other than and except such Officers and persons as are directed to be appointed and chosen at a Exception. General Court or Aftcmbly of the said Corporation) and to direct and appoint such Salaries, Perquisites or other Rewards, for their Labour or Service therein, as they flail approve or think proper; and to do, manage and transact and determine all such other Matters and Things, as flail to them or the greater Part of them, appear necessary and convenient for the effecting or carrying on the Purposes hereby intended.

X. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Management, Transactions and Accounts of the committees to said President and Assistants or Committees, shall! be, from time to time and at all Times hereafter, subject be subject to the and liable to such Audit and Inspection, Allowance, Disallowance and Control of all of such of the Mem bylaws, bers or Governors of the said hereby erected Corporation, as by any bylaws or Ordinances of the same Corporation shall be for that Purpose constituted and appointed.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be a Receiver of the Receiver, hereby erected Corporation, who shall be chosen by the said President and Governors, or the greater Part

of them assembled in a General Court as aforesaid; shall and may be allowed such Salary as to them flail seem proper, and at their Will and Pleasure displaced and removed from his Station or Employment, and another fit and able Person thereunto appointed and chosen in his Room.

XII. Provided also, and be it declared and enacted, That if there be any Vacancy or Vacancies of any Vacancies to be Person or Persons chosen at a General Court as aforesaid by Death or Removal, such Vacancy filled up ai a or Vacancies shall be filled up at a General Court or Assembly to be held of the said President and Gover General Court, nors, after ten Days Notice at least to be given thereof in the London Gazette, of such Election.

XIII. And to the Intent that there never may be wanting a competent Number of Members or Governors of the said hereby erected Corporation; thereforefor perpetuating the succession thereof, and for supplying and filling up the Places of President and Assistants, or Committees, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said President and Governors, or the greater Part

of them that shall be present in such General Court or Affeinbly, to be held as aforesaid (so that not less Thirteen go than thirteen Governors be then present) to elect and choose some oth. r fit and able Person or Persons to be vernors to be a Member or Governor, or Members or Governors of the said hereby erected Corporation, in the Room or ei^aion of ° Place of such of the Persons above named, or to be, from time to time, elected Members or Governors as a Membet. or aforesaid, who flail happen to depart this Life, or flail refuse to accept of being, or to continue and remain Governor, and to be a Member or Governor as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said at tk» making President and Governors, in a General Court assembled as aforesaid (so that not less than thirteen Governors bylaws.

be then present) to make, ordain and constitute such and so many bylaws, Constitutions and Ordinances, as to them, or the greater Part of them then and there present, mail seem necessary and convenient for the establishing the said hereby erected Corporation, and the Officers, Servants and Persons by them, in and about the Affairs of the said Corporation to be employed; and for the better applying the Money hereby to be raised and received, and providing for the Persons entitled to the Benefits of and Provisions made by this Act; and for the auditing the Accounts, and the controlling, allowing or disallowing the Transactions of the said President, Assistants or Committees, and of the said Officers, Servants and Persons; and the same bylaws, Orders, Ordinances and Constitutions so made, to putin use accordingly; and at their Will and Pleasure to revoke, change and alter the lame; which. Ibid.ly laws, Orders and Ordinances so as aforesaid made, shall be duly kept and observed, so always as the said Constitutions, bylaws, Orders and Ordinances be reasonable, and not contrary or repugnant to the Statutes, Customs or Laws of this Kingdom, or any of the express Regulations of this Act.

XV. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That in case the President flail at any Time not attend, Present rot then it shall be lawful to and for the said Assistants or Committees, at a Court of Assistants or Committees, attending, a0o= and the said Governors, at a General Court, to depute and appoint any other Persona Member or Gover therto be tk

nor futed

Anno vicesimo Georgii IF.

C

n Q

A.D. 1

747-

Persons giving 50 L to be Co vernors.

All Seamen and Mailers of vessels, Sec. to pay 6 d. per Month

Apprentices, excepted, C

Makers to keep 6 d. per Moolh, out cf Seamens Pay;

and pay the same to the Receiver.

Receivers to be appointed for»he Port of London j and out ports.

Salaries to be appointed them.

Matters to keep i Mu her roll 5

and deliver Duplicates to the collc&ois.

Mu her roll to be kept during the Voyage j

Duplicate to be delivered to the Collector. Copies 10 be hied, and the oiigin.tls trans mittej to the Governors;

nor of the said Corporation, to preside, vote and aft as President in his Absence, and to do all and every Act or A its, 'i'hing or Things, as well at the said General Court, as at the Court of Assistants or Committees, or otherwise, as he the said President is hereby empowered, authorised or required to do.

XVI. And, for the Encouragement of such as shall be Benefactors to so good a Design, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person charitably disposed, shall, at one or more Payments, pay into the Hands of the Receiver of the said Hospital for the time being, or such Personas shall he deputed for that Purpose, the full Sum of fifty Pounds, to and for the good Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned, such peri onshall be, and is hereby declared to be, from the Time of such Payment of such fifty Pounds as aforesaid, a Goiernor of the said hereby created Corporation.

XVII. And for the effecting the good Ends and Purposes aforesaid, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Seaman or other Person whatsoever, who hall serve, or be employed by any Person or Persons whatsoever, in any Merchant Ship, or other private Ship or Vessel belonging or to belong to any of the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and every Matter or Owner, navigating or working in his own Ship or Vessel, whether employed on the High Sea or Coasts of the same, or in any Port, Bay or Creek (other than such Apprentices, under the Age of eighteen Years, as are exempted from Payment of sixpence per Month to the said Royal Hospital at green tuich, by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the Increase of Seamen, and better Encouragement of Navigation, and Security of the Coal Trade; and such Person or Persons as shall be employed in any Boat upon any of the Coasts of that Part of Great Britain called England, in taking of Fish, which are brought fresh on Shore; and every Person and Persons employed in Boats or Vessels, that trade only from Place co Place within any River of that Part of Great Britain called England, or in any open Boats upon the Coasts of the same; and Pilots employed on board any Ship or Vessel) hall, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, pay, and there hall he allowed and paid by every such Master, Owner, Seaman or other Person employed, or that shall be employed, sixpence per Month of lawful Money of Great Britain, and proportionally for a Idler ime, during the Time he or they shall be employed in or belonging to the said Ship or vessel, for the Uses and Purposes aforesaid.

XVIII. And it is hereby declared and enabled, That the Master, Owner or Commander of every such Merchant or private Ship or Vessel, is hereby empowered and required to deduct and detain out of the Wages, Shares or other Profits payable or accruing to such Seaman or other Person employed in his Ship or Vessel, the said Duty of sixpence per Month (other than for such Apprentices and other Persons as are before excepted) and shall pay the same to such Officer or Officers as shall on that Behalf be appointed by the said President and Governors, or the Trustees to be appointed at any of the oit ports, and their Successors, for the collecting, recovering and receiving the said Duty of sixpence per Month respectively, if such Seamen or other Person shall have or be entitled to any such Wages, Shares or Profits.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said President and Governors, and their Successors, at a full Court of Assistants or Committees, to appoint such Person or Persons as they hall think fit, to be Receiver or Receivers of the said Duty at the Port of London; and also depute and appoint the Collectors or other Officers of the Customs of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in the several out ports of that Part of Great Britain called England, or such other Persons as they shall think fit, to collect and receive the same (except in such out ports where separate Trustees shall be appointed by virtue of this Act;,) which said Receivers, as also the said Collectors and Officers of the Customs (if so appointed) are hereby empowered and required to coiled, receive and pay over the said Duty, according to such in structions and Dhcftions as shall be, from time to time, sent to them in Writing by the said President and Governors, and their Successors: And for the Care and Pains therein of the said Collectors, and other Officers of the Customs, and others to be appointed to collect, recover and receive the said Duty, it shall and may be lawful for the said President and Governors, and their Successors, at such Court of Assistants or Committees, to make such Allowance to them out of the said Duties as they hall judge reasonable.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Master, Commander or Owner of any Merchant Ship or other private Ship or Vessel, navigating the same, or such other Person who shall have the Care thereof, shall keep a Book by way of muster rol!; in which shall be entered his own chri feinn and Surname, and the Christian and Surnames of all the Officers, Seamen or other Persons emp oyed in such Ship or Vessel, with the usual Place of their Abode when on Shore; and over against each Name, the Time when, and Place where, such Seamen or other Person entered into the Service of such Ship or Vessel; and in what Ship or Vessel lie performed his last Voyage; a Duplicate whereof shall be filmed by the said Master, Commander, Owner or other Person having the Care of such Ship or Veiled, and shall be delivered before the Departure of such Ship or vessel, to the Receiver or Collector of the said Duties, at the respective Port to which such Ship or vessel doth belong; and such Master, Commander, Owner or other Person having the Care of such Ship or Vessel, shall continue to keep such Book by way of muster roll, during the whole Course of the Voyage, and shall, from time to time, enter therein, when and where any such Master, Officers, Seamen or other Person shall be discharged from, or shall leave or desert such Ship or Vessel, and when and where any other Officers or Men shall be shipt on board, describing them in the like Manner as the Persons who first entered on board are before directed to be describej; and when and where any of them received any Hurt or Damage, or were killed, slain or drowned, in case there shall he any such; Duplicate of which Continuation of the muster roll shall be likewise signed by the said Master, Commander or other Person having the Care of the Ship or Vessel, and shall be delivered at the Return of such Ship or Veiled to the Receiver or Collector of the said Duties, at the respective Port to which such Ship or Vessel does belong; and true Copies of the said Duplicates shall be made by such Receiver or Collector, which shall be filed and kept by him; and the original Duplicates shall be tranlinitted by such Receiver or Collector to the President and Governors aforesaid, to be, by such Officer as shall be appointed for

Tat

Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1747.

C 38. 47

that Purpose, filed and kept: And in case such Mailer, Commander or other Person, shall neglect; to keep

i'uch Book or muster roll, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Duplicates as aforesaid; in case such

Receiver or Collector shall neglect to make, keep, and file such Copies thereof, or neglect or refuse to transmit the Duplicates which shall he delivered to him as aforesaid, to the said President and Governors; they shall severally and respectively forfeit and pay, for every such Offence or Offences, the Sum of twenty penalty 20l.

Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Collectors to the said Collectors and Receivers, for the better Discovery of what shall be due from the Persons serving on summonma board, or belonging to any Merchant Ship, or other private Ship or Vessel aforesaid, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to summon all such Matters and Commanders, or (in their Absence) such Owner or Owners of such Ship and Vessel, to be and appear at the Office of the said Collectors or Receivers respectively (so as the Persons so summoned he not obliged to travel above ten Miles for the making such Appearance;,) which said Collectors and Receivers are he.eby empowered and directed to examine every such Maand examine Peer and Commander, or Owner or Owners, upon Oath (which Oath such Collectors and Receive: s, and them upojl0alil« every of them respectively, are hereby empowered and required to administer) as to the Truth of the Copy of such Book or muster roll, and as to the Number and Times of Service of all and every Person and Persons belonging to, or employed in, such Ship or Vessel, who are liable to, or chargeable with the said Sum of sixpence per Month; and if such Masters or Commanders, or (in their Absence) such Owners, or any Matters, C not of them, shall refuse or neglect, when so summoned, to appear before the said respective Persons hereby appear tig, &<=« empowered to examine them in Manner as aforesaid; if they appear, and obstinately refuse to make full and true discovery of the Matters aforesaid, upon their several Oaths; then, and in every such Case, all and every such Offender or Offenders, for every such Refusal, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds of30'* lawful Money of Great Britain.

XXII. And, for the more easy and effectual collecting the said sixpence far Month of and from the Mailers, Commanders and Owners of Merchant Ships or Vessels that are or shall be hired or employed by the commilepners, or other Officers of the Navy, Victualling, Ordnance, Customs, poll office or other public

Offices, for or in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; it further enacted by the Au clerks of the thority aforesaid, That the Secretaries or Chief Clerks of the aforesaid Offices, or any other public Offices offices hiiing of the Crown, usually hiring or employing Ships or Vessels for or in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs Sh, p.s. foj' h, s or Successors, shall, and they are hereby respectively required to deliver a Duplicate of the List or Account ^ke^o dehv"r of the Number and Names of such Ships so hired or employed, and of the Names of the Mailers, Com Duplicates of manders and Owners of every such Ship and Vessel respectively, and of the Numbers of Seamen or other the Ships and Persons employed in such Ship or Vessel, to the Receiver or Collector of the said Duty of sixpence per Crews: 0 the Month at the Port of London, or any of the out ports to which such Ship or Vessel does respectively belong, collea°r granted by this Act, as is by virtue of an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Ma 1 Geo. C 7" jesty, to be delivered to the Receiver or Collector at the said Port of London, of the Duty of sixpence per Month given towards the Support of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and the said Secretaries, Chief Clerks, and also all and every other Officers of or belonging to the said Offices, and the Mailers, Commanders and Owners of any Ships or Vessels hired and employed, or to be hired or employed by them, or any of them, are hereby also required to do every other Act, Matter or Thing for the due and effectual Payment of the said sixpence per Month hereby granted, as is directed and required to be done by the said Act of the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the efflftual Payment of the Duty of sixpence per Month granted to the said Royal Hospital; and the said Secretaries, Chief Clerks or other Officers, or any of them, and the said Mailers, Commanders and Owners of any Ships or Vessels hired and under the P employed by them, or any of them, shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties and Forfeitures for any "^'^4 tlx Default, Neglect or Omission, that shall be made in any of the Acts, Matters or Things, hereby required 1 to be by them respectively done and performed, or for acting contrary to the Directions of this Act, as they are subject and liable to by virtue of the said Act of the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for any Default, Neglect or Omission, in any of the Acts, Afatters or Things required to be done and performed by, or for acting contrary to, the Directions of the said Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Mailers, Com Majors to pay manders and Owners of all Merchant Ships, and other private Ships and Vessels whatsoever, by this Act A' 6, d pc'h made liable to the Payment of the said Duty of sixpence per Month, shall pay all such Moneys as shall Coiiettor of from time to time be due from them, and every of them respectively, to the Collectors and Receivers to be the Port where appointed in pursuance of this Act, for or on Account of the said Duty, at the Ports only to which such the ship belongs, Ships or Vessels do respectively belong, and before any such Ships or Vessels shall be cleared inwards, by the Officers of the Customs of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any of the Ports of that Part of Great Britain called England; and that no Customer, Collector, Comptroller, Receiver, Surveyor, Searcher, vesselnot tabe Waiter or other Officer whatsoever, of or belonging to the Customs of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, feared I tllc shall at any Time hereafter clear inwards any Merchant Ship, or other private Ship or Vessel whatsoever, 1

by this Act made or declared liable to the Payment of the said Duty of sixpence per Month, or grant any Warrant, or give or grant out any Cockets, Transires, Returns or Discharges, unto or for any such Ship or Vessel whatsoever, or shall permit or suffer any such Ship or Vessel to go out of any of the Ports before mentioned, until the said Mailer, Commander, or Owner or Owners of every such Ship or Vessel respectively, shall and do produce and show forth, unto such Officer or Officers, an Acquittance or Certificate signed by the said Receiver or Receivers, Collectors or Collectors of the said Duties, whereby it shall appear that such Mailer, Commander, or Owner or Owners, have duly and fully paid and discharged the said Duty, and that he or they is or are not more than three Months in Arrear for the same, or that they are Mailers m3 exempted from the Payment of the said Duty by virtue of the Exceptions herein contained; and every Ma other Officers

ffety Commander and Owner of any such Ship or Vessel, \yho shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Duty of making Di'

'fault,

48

C 18.

Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1

4

forfeit 201.

Matters not producing Acquittance, Tide, waiters to be continued on board at their Expense. Affirmation of Quakers.

Penalty on their refusing,

and on false

Charges of this Act, '

sixpence per Month, in the Manner, and within the Time herein before mentioned, limited and appointed' for Payment thereof, and also every Customer, Collector, Comptroller, Receiver, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, and other Officers of the Customs, who shall make Default in any of the Premill es enjoined them reflectively by this Act, dr shall in any wise aft contrary to the Directions herein before mentioned, shall for every such Refusal, Neglect, Default or Act, forfeit the Sum ol twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain.

XXIV. And to prevent unnecefikry Delays in clearing such Ships and Vessels, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Master, Commander or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, shall not produce such Acquittance or Certificate as aforesaid, to the Tide surveyor when he shall come on board in order to clear such Ship or Vessel, the tide waiters on board such Ship or Vessel shall be continued, until such Acquittance or Certificate is produced, at the Expense of such Owner, Mailer or Commander, and not at the Expense of the Crown.

XXV. Provided, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that in all Cases wherein by this Act an Oath is required or appointed to be taken, the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted instead of such Oath, in such Manner and Form, as by the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom is directed and appointed; and if any such Quaker shall refuse to make such solemn Affirmation and Declaration, in any Case wherein any other Person is hereby required to take an Oath, every such Quaker so refusing shall, for every such Offence, be subject to the like Forfeitures and Penalties, as any other Person refusing to take an Oath is made liable to by this Act; and in case any such Quaker shall.

Affirming, and upon his solemn Affirmation or Declaration, affirm or declare any Matter which shall be false; if any Swearing. other Person, before any such Collector, Receiver or other Person hereby authorised to administer Oaths, shall wilfully make a false Oath, every such Quaker or other Person, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for every such Offence, fuller and be liablefto the like Fines, Pains, Penalties and Punishments, as persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to by the Laws of that Parr of Great Britain called England.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges, Costs and expences, in and about procuring and obtaining this Act of Parliament, shall be paid out of the first Moneys to be raised and contributed by virtue hereof, at the Port of London.

XXVII. And whereas the Mailers, Commanders and other Officers and Seamen, employed in Ships or Vessels belonging to Persons residing at some of the out ports of this Kingdom, may be desirous of having

the sixpence per Month to be allowed and paid by them out of their Wages, by \ irtue of and for the

Purposes of this Act, to be under the Direction and Management of Persons residing, in or near to such Out ports respectively Therefore be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after

Owners and the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, it shall and may be lawful

Matters of Ships to and for the Owners of, and the Mailers and Commanders employed on board the Ships and Vessels beto

longing to Persons residing at any of the said out ports, to assemble and meet, at any proper Time and Place within the Limits of the said out ports, that sit all be by any live or more of them appointed, by giving ten Days previous Notice to be fixed at the customhouse Wharf, Key or any other public Place, at such respective out port; and such Owners, Mailers and Commanders, or the greater Part of them, being so assembled as aforesaid, are hereby authorised and empowered, from time to time, to nominate and appoint, by an instrument in Writing under their Hands and Seals, fifteen Persons to be Trustees for such out port, for receiving, collecting and applying the said sixpence per Month to be allowed, collected and received by virtue of this Act, at fuel) respective out port, for Relief and Support of the Seamen employed on board the Ships or Vessels belonging to such Persons respectively, and their Widows and Children, as who are to con shall be entitled thereto by virtue of this Act; which said Trustees shall continue to the twenty sixth Day Day of December next after such Election, and until new Trustees are nominated, appointed, and confirmed: And that within ten Days after every twenty sixth Day of December yearly, the Owners, Mailers and

Commanders at such respective out ports, shall have Power to meet and ciioofe fifteen Persons to be trtif tees for the Year ensuing, by an Instrument in Writing under the Hands and Seals of the Owners, Mailers and Commanders, or the Majority of them so assembled, having given previous Notice as aforesaid; said respective Trustees shall continue, from time to time, until new Trustees are nominated, appointed and confirmed; which instrument shall be sent to the said President and assist.ints, or Committees, who are hereby authorised and required to confirm the same under the common Seal of the said Corporation, without Fee or Reward, within t n Days after the Recei t thereof: Which said Trustees, when they fhai be so confirmed as nforcfaiwhereof five shall I e a Quorum, shall he veiled with, and have the same Powers and Authorities to make bylaws, and to revoke or alter the Same, and for taking, receiving and applying any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be contributed, deviled or bequeathed by any well disposed Persons; sir appointing Receivers and other Officers; and for collecting, recovering, receiving, paying and ap

of Out ports, meet,

and appoint Trustees for the Duties

tinoe till 26 December.

New Trustees lo be chosen yearly.

Jnftniment of the Election to be sent to the tpresident, C Five Trustees empowered to make Bylaws; cmhi appoint O Akers in the out pons.

r.ny

this

plying the said sixpence per Month, to be allowed and paid by the Seamen, or-others forcing on board Ship or Vessel belonging to such Persons respectively at such out ports, as are given and granted by Act, to the President anj Governors aforesaid, according to such Rules, Orders "and Regulations as aie or shall be established by virtue, and in pursuance of this AM; and the said Receivers and other Officers shall have the lame Powers and Authorities as the other Receivers and Officers to be appointed in pursuance«f this AM, and shall be subject and liable to the same Penalties and Forfeitures; anything herein contained lo the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And whereas by Letters Patent, bearing Date the eighteenth Day of December in the sixth

of the Reign of the late King Edward the Sixth, certain Merchants therein named, and their Successors, residing at the City and Port of bri/hl, are incorporated by the Nome of The Master, ip'ar. 1 dens and Commonalty of Jler chant s vcnturers of the City of Bristol; which said Society of Merchants are will

for the Benefit of the Seamen employed on hoard Ships and Vessels in the Service of Merchants, and

other

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

C 38.

49

other Traders belonging to the said City and Port, to undertake the Collection and Application of the said sixpence per Month, to be paid at the said Cicy and Port; and also to receive and apply any Dona tions that well disposed Persons may give for the Relief and Support of such Seamen as shall be maimed and disabled, and for the Widows and Children of those who shall be killed, flain.or drowned in the Ser vice of the said Merchants and Traders Therefore be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Merchants ven the Master, Wardens, Assistants and Treasurer of the said incorporated Society for the Time being, shall be Tn, " Ces ftr th Trustees, and hall have and be vested with the like Powers and Authorities for collecting, recovering, re Duties received" ceiving and applying the said sixpence per Month, to be allowed, collected and received by virtue of this there, C

Act, at the said City and Port; and for taking, receiving and applying any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be contributed, devised and bequeathed by any well disposed Persons for Relief and Support of the Seamen employed on board the Ships or vessels belonging to the Merchants or Traders residing at the said City and Port, and their Widows and Children, as shall be entitled thereto by virtue of this Act; and to appoint Receivers and other Officers for the Purposes aforesaid, as are given and granted by virtue of this Act to the President and Governors aforesaid, according to such Rules, Orders and Regulations, as are or shall be established by virtue of this Act; and such Receivers and other Officers hall have the same Powers and Authorities as the other Receivers and Officers to be appointed by virtue of this Act, and shall be subject and liable to the like Penaties and Forfeitures; and the said Master, Wardens, Assistants and Treasurer hall also have Power to take and receive any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in such Manner, and for the like Purposes only, as the said President and Governors are by this Act empowered to take and receive Lands, Tenenements and Hereditaments; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIX. And whereas the Guild or Brotherhood of Masters and Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity Hsufe of the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull, are willing, for the Benefit of the Seamen employed on board Ships and vessels in the Service of Merchants and other Traders belonging to the said Town and Port, to undertake the Collection and Application of the said sixpence per Month, to be paid at the said Town and Port; and also to receive and apply any Donations that well disposed Persons may give for the Relief and Support of such Seamen as shall be maimed and disabled, and of the Widows and Children of those who shall be killed, lain or drowned in the Service of the said Merchants and traderstherefore be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Guild or Brotherhood of Masters and Pilots, Seamen Trinity Houte of of the Trinity House of the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull, for the time being, hall be Trustees, and Hull, Trustees hall have and be vested with the like Powers and Authorities for collecting, recovering, receiving and ap fr the Duties, plying the said sixpence per Month, to be paid at the said Town and Port; and for taking, receiving and applying any Sum or Sums of Money as shall be contributed, devised or bequeathed by any well disposed erc' "' Persons, for the Relief and Support of such Seamen, and their Widows and Children, as fhftl be entitled thereto, by Virtue of this Act; and for appointing Receivers and other Officers, for the Purposes aforesaid, as are given and granted by virtue of this Act to the President and Governors aforesaid, according to such Rules, Orders and Regulations, as are or shall be established by virtue of this Act; and such Receivers and other Officers shall have the same Powers and Authorities as the other Receivers and Officers, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, and shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties and Forfeitures; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained hall extend, Collectors of or be construed to extend, to oblige the Receivers or Collectors of the said Duty, to be appointed by the Out ports, to Trustees of any of the said respective out ports, to send the Duplicates of the Books or muster rolls hereby deliver dupii directed to be delivered to, such Receivers or Collectors, by the Master or other Person having the Care f Trustees of the any Ship or Vessel, to the said President and Assistants, or Committees; but such Duplicates shall be de ont ports, livered by such Collector or Receiver, after making and filing Copies thereof, to the said Trustees respectively, to be by them filed and kept for their Use and Inspection.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, ft hat no Seaman or other Person employed on board Seamen notpay any Merchant Ship, or other private Ship or Vessel, shall be entitled to have or receive any Provision or ing the Duty, Benefit by virtue of this Act, at the Port of London, or any out port, but those who are subject and £ot to be ienc* liable to, and shall pay the said Duty of sixpence per Month, as aforesaid, at the said Port of London, or "te, '

out ports respectively.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it declared, That those Seamen who shall have been longest in the Those who have said Service, and contributed most towards the said Duty, hall be first provided for as worn out or eftvto tavrft16"

provided for.

decrepit.

XXXIII. And whereas it may happen that Seamen or other Persons employed on board Ships or Vessels, may, by Accident in loading or unloading the same, or otherwise in doing their Duty on Shore, as well as on board such Ships or vessels, receive such Hurt or Damage, that it may endanger their Lives,

to send them to the Port to which the Ships or vessels do respectively belongtherefore be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Seaman or other Person employed on board any Ship Maimed Sea. or Vessel, shall, in doing his Duty on Shore, or on board any such Ship or Vessel, break an Arm or Leg, men, or be otherwise hurt or maimed, so that immediate Care is necessary to be taken of him, it shall and may be lawful for the said President and Governors at the Port of London, and the respective Trustees for the out ports, and they are hereby required to provide proper Relief for such Seaman or other Person that tin they can he shall be so hurt or maimed, until he shall be so well recovered of such Hurt or Damage, as to be removed removed to the and sent with Safety to the respective Port to which such ship or Vessel does belong; and the Expense of I", hijre removing and sending such Seaman or other Person to such respective Port, not exceeding twopence per '

Mile, shall be paid by the said President and Governors at the Port of London, or by the Trustees for the re allowed them, spedlive out port to which such Seaman or other Person shall be so removed and sent; anything herein con -- tained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

3*.

A.D. 1747.

dtibled seam?n having frvej and paid 5 Year?,

to he provided for where they have contributed mo ft.

Seamen fiiip wtecked, or Pr foners, to be relieved.

Where Certificates cannot be had, others to be allowed.

Seamen in the India Company'; Service exempted

and excluded.

Forfeitures how to be recovered, and applied.

Potible Costs.

public A. Limitation of actions,

Ceneral Issue.

pouhjecofls. Career ring Stamen see farther L Geo. 2. c. 52 24 Geo. 2. c. 47 LI Geo. ?. C JO,

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Seaman or other Person shall serve five Years or more, on board Merchant or other private Ships or Vessels, belonging to different Ports, and shall have paid the sixpence per Month for that Time, and shall become decrepit and worn out, and adjudged, either by the said President and Assistants, or the respective Trustees, a proper. Object of Relief, such Person shall be provided for and relieved at the respective Port where he shall have contributed and paid the greatest Part of the said Duty of sixpence per Month for the last five Years of his Service; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXV. And whereas it may happen that Seamen employed in the Merchants Service, within the Limits of this Add, may be shipwrecked, or taken by the Enemies of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and on their Return from Imprisonment, may be travelling with Passes to the Place of their respective Abodes; 'Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said President and Governors, or the respective Trustees, if they think fit, to relieve any such Seaman in such Manner as they shall think proper; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And whereas there may be same Circumstances wherein the Certificates herein before men e tioned cannot be obtained Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where the Certificates directed to be produced by this Act cannot be obtained, such other Certificates as shall be satisfactory to the said President and Governors, or Trustees respectively, shall be received and allowed of to entitle the Party producing tbs same to the Pensions or other Relief provided by this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And whereas the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, 6 have, at their own Expense, constantly provided for such Seamen employed by them as have been rendered incapable of present or future Service, by Sickness, Wounds, or other accidental Misfortunes, and for the Widows and Children of such Seamen as have been killed, slain or drowned in their Service,

and have established a sufficient Fund for that Purpose, and are willing to continue such Provision, and s are therefore desirous that the Officers and Seamen employed in their Service, and the Servants and Ap

of such Officers, may be exempted from the Payment of the fit id sixpence per Month Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nomaster or Commander, Officer, Mariner or Seaman or Servant or Apprentice of any Matter or Commander, or Officer of any Ship or Vessel, of or belonging unto or employed, or which shall be employed by or in the Service of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, during the Time they shall be so respectively employed in the said Company's Service, sin nil in any wise be liable or subject to the said Ducy or Payment of sixpence per Month; but that every such Matter or Commander, Officer, Mariner or Seaman, and every Servant and Apprentice of such Matter or Commander, or Officer of any Ship or Vessel of or belonging unto, or employed by or in the said company's Service as aforesaid, shall, during the Time of such Service be totally exempt from the Payment thereof; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. Provided always, That no Matter or Commander, Officer, Mariner or Seaman, or any Servant or Apprentice of any Master or Commander, or Officer employed in the Service of the said United Company, shall have or be entitled to any Benefit by this Act, for or in respect of any Incapacity by Sickness, Wounds or other accidental Misfortune happening unto them, during the Time of their being employed in in the said company's Service; nor shall the Widows or Children of such Seamen as shall be killed, slain or drowned in the Service of the said United Company, be entitled to any Benefit or Relief by or from this Act, by Reason or Means of any such Seamens being killed, slain or drowned during the Time they shall be employed in the said company's Service as aforesaid.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the pecuniary Forfeitures and Penalties which shall he incurred by virtue of this Act, or any Clause therein contained, shall be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, in that Part of Great Britain called England, wherein no efl oin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Plaintiff in any such Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, then such Plaintiff shall have and be allowed Double Costs of Suit; and that one Moiety of all and every the said Forfeitures and Penalties, when recovered, shall go and he applied to the Ui'cs and Purposes of this Act, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Personas shall sue for the same in Manner aforesaid.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without specially pleading the same; and if any Action shall be brought, or Suit commenced against any Person or Persons, for anything done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Premisses, or any of them, every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought within three Months next after, in ihc County or Place where the Eabt was done, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be brought within the Time before limited, or shall he brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff" or Plaintiffs, the said Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Causes bylaw,

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

C 39.

51

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for granting a Duty to his Majesty, to be paid by Distillers, Licences taken out

by them for retailing.spirituous Liquors.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his pre Geo. 2. c. 8, sent Majesty intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors, aid on Licences for retailing the same; and for laying other Duties on Spirituous Liquors, ana. on Licences to retail the said Liquors;

it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That no Person or Persons should, from and after the twenty

Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, presume to retail any Brandy, Rum Ar

Usquebaugh, Geneva, Aqiia Vita, or any other distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters unmixed, or mixed with themselves, or any other Ingredients, without first taking out a Licence from

his majesty's Commissioners of Excil'e for so doing, in Manner as was therein directed and appointed, and upon Payment of the Sum of twenty Shillings yearly for such Licence, under the Penalties in the said Act contained; and no Licences were thereby allowed to be granted for retailing, except to such Persons who should keep Taverns, victualling houses, Inns, coffee houses or alehouses; it was therein also enacted, That no Person mould be deemed or taken to be a Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, who did

net retail in less Quantities than one Pint: And whereas by another Act of Parliament made and passed in the Seventeenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Surplus 17 geos. C 17. 4 or Remainder of the Moneys arisen, or to arise, by the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act of the last session of Parliament, and for explaining and amending the said Act, in relation to the Retailers of such Liquors, and for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, every Person who should retail any Spirituous Liquors,

mixed or unmixed with any Ingredients, in less, Quantity than twogallons (except such Persons, only as by the said act of the sixteenth Year of his presentmajesty, were authorised and empowered to take out Licences for that Purpose) should be deemed a Retailer of Spirituous Liquors within the Meaning of the same, and as such, forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Pounds for every such Oft'ence: And whereas the Restrictions and Penalties in the said Acts contained, have been found to be inconvenient, so far as relates to honest reputable Distillers, and the Alteration thereof, in that Particular, will also tend to the Benefit of his Majesty's Revenue: 'We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do give and grant unto your Majesty the Rates and Duties on certain Persons to be hereby authorised to retail Spirituous Liquors herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excelfent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June Distillers within in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Bills of the several Distillers within the Cities of London and Westminster, Borough of Southwark, or Weekly Bills Mortality may of Mortality, to take out Licences from his Majesty's Commissioners of Excise, for retailing Brandy, Rum, "ke out Ll Arrack, Usquebaugh, Geneva, Aqua Vita, or any other Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters; and the said Commissioners of Excise are hereby authorised, empowered and required to grant such Licences to upon Payment every Distiller and Distillers, within the Limits aforesaid, who shall apply for the same, upon Payment of of 51. yearly, five Pounds for every such Licence, to be raised, levied, collected and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and This Duty n Successors; and the same to be renewed yearly, upon Payment of the like Sum of five Pounds, and to the P'pletl by4 same Uses, Intents and Purposes, and such Licences to be taken out in the same Manner, and subject to the fn°\xm c"'0 like Penalties for retailing without Licence, as are directed, appointed, and enacted by the abovementioned

Act of the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty.

II. Provided always, That no more than one Licence shall be granted to any Distiller or Distillers in Distillers in p. ut partnership, whereby to authorise him, her or them to retail any Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, ncrffi!p to have within the Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that no such Distiller or Distillers shall be allowed to take bue l!cen?c' out a Licence by the Authority of the same, unless he, she or they, inhabiting within the City of London,

are respectively rated, and do pay Church and Poors Rates for the Value of twenty Pounds per Annum, and inhabiting in any other Parts within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, for the Value of ten Pounds per Annum, in the Parish or Place where he, she or they shall exercise the Trade of Distilling; if any Licences shall be granted otherwise, or to any other Persons than as aforesaid, the same are hereby declared void to all Intents and Purposes.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Distiller or Distillers shall, by vir Penalty on Di

sue of any such Licence, retail any Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Wateis, in any other Place or Places ftiikrs retailing than in his, her or their own public Shop and Shops only, and in no more than one Shop by virtue of any Liquors, but in one Licence, under Pain of forfeiting for every such oft ence the Sum of ten Pounds. tlmr Shops, CIV

And the better to prevent Tippling, or any other Disorders being committed, under Colour or Pre penalty on per tence of the Liberty by this Act granted, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Distiller or sitting Tippling Distillers, lifenced and authorised by virtue of this Act, shall at any Time, from and after the twenty their Shops, fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, by him, her or &c' themselves, or by any other Person or Persons employed by him, her or them, sell or vend any Spirituous

Liquors to be drank in his, her or their Shop or Shops, Houses or other Places thereunto belonging, or shall wilfully suffer or permit any Person or Persons to drink or tipple any such Liquors in any the Places aforesaid; Distiller or Distillers so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

52 C 40, 41.

A.D. 1747.

Penalties how to

Pounds; all which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be sued for, levied, recovered and mitigated by such Ways, he recovered and Means and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, is or may be recovered or miti ated by any Lav applied. or j^awsof Excise 3 the one Moiety whereof shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other

Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform and prosecute for the same. rontfount, Per further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and Persons who shall, from plinr ii^distil*. an ater t^le twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty lers Shops, C seven, be found drinking or tippling in the House, Shop or other Place belonging to any Distiller or Distill. Spi lers, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall, for every such Offence, severally forfeit. riiuous Lijmn and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be recovered and levied by way of Complaint, to be made within. jet farther 24 three Weeks after such Offence or Offences shall be committed, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices. 'o »' ti ^eace fr an near the Dace and Pisces where the same shall happen, who is and are hereby required.

*' I] to summon before him or them the Party or Paries so offending, and in Default of Appearance, to issue War.

31 Cm. 7 C 36! rants for apprehending such Offender or Offenders, and then proceed to examine such Complaint upon Oath.

32 Geo. 2. c. 29. (which Oath he and they are hereby authorised to administer) and upon due Proof of such Offences, by. 3j Gf'2" c. 9' the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convict the Offender or Offenders accordingly;

and in case such Forfeitures shall not be forthwith, after such Conviction or Convictions, paid, that then the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of such offender's Goods and Chattles, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Over. if any, to such Offender or Offenders; and such Forfeitures when levied, shall go and be applied to, and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence or Offences shall be committed; and for want, of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding two Months, and not less than fourteen Days, there to be kept to hard Labour; and, no Person or Persons so to be convicted, shall be capable of receiving any Part of the Penalties or Forfeitures incurred by the Distiller or Distillers who shall sell or vend any such Liquors so to be drank or tippled;. anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XL

An Act to revive, continue and amend an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining and improving the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for deptben big and making more navigable the fvtral Rivers emptying them fives at the said Town -, and also for preserving Ships, wintering in the said Haven, from Accidents by Fire.

PR.

WHEREAS the ancient Borough of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, hath, by long Experience, been found to be of great Importance, for advancing his Majesty's Service and Revenue, and Trade in general, and more especially the Fishery, and for educating and employing many thousands of skilful Mariners and Seamen: And whereas the Inhabitants of the said Borough, being un able to support the great and unavoidable Charge of clearing, repairing and maintaining the Haven and Piers belonging to the said Borough, have, from time to time, been aided and relieved by several fuc cessive Acts of Parliament: And whereas an at was made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Geo. i. C io. Majesty King George the First (of glorious Memory) whereby several Duties were granted for clearing, C depthening, repairings extending, maintaining and improving the said Haven and Piers; and for depthen ing the Channel of that Part of the River Tare called Braydon; and for making more navigable the said River Tare, and the Rivers ivaveney and Bure, which empty themselves into the Haven of the said Town 6 of Yarmouth \ and for repairing the Bridge and public Keys belonging to the said Town; and also for preserving Ships wintering in the said Haven; which at being expired, the said Haven and Piers have of late been, and still continue to be in so had a Condition, that the great Sums of Money already expended -£ in and about the same, Dvill prove useless, and the said.haven and Piers inevitably fall soon into irreparable 6 Decay, unless timely and effectual Provision be made by Parliament to prevent the Destruction thereof: To the End therefore that the said Haven and Piers may be preserved and kept in Repair; and that the Channel of that Part of the River Tare called Braydon, leading from Great Yarmouth, to the City of Norwich; and so much of the said River Tare, as lies between the new Mills in Norwich and Hardly Cross in Hardly, in the County of Norfolk; and also the Rivers jvavcne and Bure, commonly called the North River, may he depthened and made more navigable for Boats and Keels usually passing upon the same; Be it enacted, C -

she farther 23 "The Duties granted by the recited Act made payable for 2 Years. The Powers and Clauses, &c. of the gce.z. c. 6. "recited Add revived. Twelve Commissioners to be eleefted. Collectors to account to them. Commissiont

ers to inspect the Accounts of the Moneys due at the Expiration of the recited Act."

CAP. xlr.

An act for vesting in his Majesty the Estates of certain Traitors, and for more effectually discovering the same, and applying the Produce thereof to the Use of his Majesty, and for ascertaining and fati.fying the lawful Debts and Claims thereupon.

See 23 Geo. 2. .0/0 r

c. 4l Which is < VI WHEREAS a most desperate and bloody War and Rebellion hath been levied and raised aga nft cforccd by 31 6 y, his Majesty, in Favour of the Pretender to his Crown, headed by the eldest Son of the said Pre a. C rfi. - tender.

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

53

C 41. -1

tender, and a (lifted by a Body of Troops, furnished by the Enemies of his Majesty and his Kingdoms,

in which a Number of his Majesty's Subjects, contrary to their Duty and Allegiance, have been wickedly and traitorously engaged; and it being highly reasonable, that the Estates, Real and Personal, of the Re - bels and Traitors, who have been or shall be duly attainted as guilty of, or engaged in the said Rebellion

should be discovered and applied to the Use of his Majesty, in the in oft speedy and effectual Manner; and that due Provision be made for the Satisfaction of all just and lawful Claims, which any of his Majesty's dutiful and loyal Subjects may have to, upon, or out of the Estates of such Rebels and Traitors Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every the Lands and Heretages, Debts or Sums of Money, and Goods or Chattles The Estates Real whatsoever, and generally the Estates, Goods and Effects, Heretable and Movable, Real and Personal, anfl pel nal <lf defccndible to Heirs or Executors, Jurisdictions, life rent Rights, or of what Nature or Kind soever they verted!nhis mi be, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or elsewhere, whereof any Person or Persons, who, since jc(ty, the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, hath or have been attainted, or, before the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, shall be attainted by any Laws or Statutes of this Realm of High Treason, for levying War within this Realm, or for conspiring the Death of his Majesty, or for any other High Treason whatsoever, committed before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, within Great Britain or elsewhere, was, were or shall have been seized or possessed of, or interested in, or entitled unto on the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, or at any time afterwards, in his, her or their own Right, or to his, her or their own Use, or whereof any other Person or Persons was, were or shall have been seized or possessed of, or interested in, or entitled unto, to the Use of, or in Trust for them, or any of them, shall, according to the several and respective Estates and i11 terefts, which the said Person or Persons, attainted or to be attainted, within such Days and Times as aforesaid, cr any in Trust for them, or any of them, had or shall have had therein as aforesaid, or did ot' might forfeit by such Attainder, stand and be forfeited to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall be deemed, veiled and adjudged, and are hereby declared and enabled to be in the actual and real Possession of his Majesty, without any Office or Inquisition thereof hereafter to be taken or sound, and without any De clarator or Forfeiture to be obtained.

II. And to the end that all the Estates of the said Traitors, of what Nature soever, within that Part of Great Britaiwcemed Scotland, hereby, or otherwise vested, or hereby intended to be veiled in his Majesty, and the yearly and other Values thereof, and all Encumbrances thereupon, may be the better discovered, known, described and ascertained, and that the Rents, Issues and Profits thereof may be recovered and brought in for the Use of his Majesty, and that due Examination be taken, and Satisfaction made of all just: and lawful Claims to, upon or out of the said Estates, or any of them; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord Chief Baron, and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland for the ot lhe

time being, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised, empowered and required to inquire into sco^nd01/" all such Estates, both Real and Personal, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as are hereby choir into the or otherwise vested, or hereby intended to be vested in his Majesty; to cause all and every the Rents, forfeited Eibtcs; Ifiiics and Profits of the said Real Estates, until Sale thereof, to be effectually levied and paid unto the Re anii to cause the ceiver General of his Majesty's Land Rents, and Casualties in Scotland, for the time being, who is hereby

required to pay the same forthwith into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, for his Ma Receiver gene jesty's Use; to account for the same, in like Manner, as other public Moneys received and paid by him rale. into the said Receipt, are accounted for by him; and to levy, raise, secure and cause to be sold, all such and the Personal Goods, Debts, and Personal Chattles and Estates, within Scotland, as are hereby, or otherwise vested in his "Estates, C to Majesty, and to sell the said Real Estates, after the Claims relating to such Estates respectively shall be deter felaed " ld. mined, or otherwise dispose of the same in the Manner herein after provided; and out of the Rents and pro determined duce of the said Estates, Real or Personal, to cause Payment or Satisfaction to be made of such Sums of ^1 '

Money, as shall be due to any Claimants upon the same; and in the Execution of the Premises, the said Taron; to pro barons shall and may proceed in Virtue of the Power hereby granted to them, in a summary Way, without ^7/ the Formalities usually practised or observed in their Proceedings, as a Court of Justice.

III. And for the better enabling the said Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, to put in Execution all the several and respective Powers and Authorities by this Act committed to their Charge and Trust; it further enabled, That on cr before the twenty sixth Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven Lists of Persons

hundred and forty seven, all and every Officer and Officers who has or have, or shall, before the said Day, adjudged £«; /ry have the Custody of any Record or Records of the Attainder of any such Traitor or Traitors (other than ofhightreai'on, of such who have been, or shall be attainted by Act of Parliament) shall transmit, or cause to be transmitted -

the King's Remembrancer, in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, or his Deputy, Estreats or Certifi Remembrance' cates under their respective Hands, or the Hands of their lawful Deputies, containing Lists of all the Per at Edinburgh; 'fons, who since the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, shall appear by the said Records in their respective Custody, to have been adjudged to be guilty of High Treason;

Lists shall contain the Names, Titles and Additions of such Persons, the Species of Treason, of

j which, and the respective Times, Places and Courts, when and where they were so attainted; and after the said twenty sixth Day of July, the like Officers shall, from time to time, cause to be transmitted to the tifts of other

Office of the King's Remembrancer at Edinburgh, the like Estreats or Certificates, or Lists of all other At Attainders to be tainders for High Treason, had at any Time before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hun tran!m, cte°' dred and forty-eight, and that within the Space of thirty Days after such Attainders; all which Estreats,

Certificates or Lists, the King's Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, or his Deputy, to be entered in shall enter in a Book' to be provided and kept by him for that Purpose - Booh.

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

C 41.

A.D. 1747.

Officers lo take Oaths,

Salaries and other Charges to be paid by the receiver-general,

Salaries of infe J

fvrsa from the

IV. And it is hereby enacted, That an Extract from that Book, signed by the said Remembrancer, or his Book of Record Deputy, certifying that any Person therein mentioned was attainted of High Treason, shall be taken and to lie admitted (, e]j as fufecient Evidence of such Attainder in all Courts of Justice within Scotland, so far as may concern as VI cnee, Execution of this Act, as fully as if the Record of such Attainder were produced in such Courts.

The Barons to V And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Barons of Exchequer, or any three of fomhe t^em> shall, and they are hereby authorised, from time to time, by and with the Approbation of the Com

tionov missioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the time being, to appoint and employ pro

Officers Fees al Per ipereons to be Surveyors, messengers, or other necessary Officers for the Execution of this Act; which lowed by the Ba Surveyors, messengers and Officers respectively, are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform th ions. Trust in them respectively reposed, without taking anything for such their Service (other than such Fees,

Salaries or Rewards, as the said Barons, or any three of them, by and with such Approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit and direct in that Behalf) and every such Surveyor, messenger and Officer, before he enters on the Execution of his Employment, shall take the Oaths prescribed by the Act of the first Year of his late majesty's Reign, for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, and other Purposes therein mentioned; and also an Oath for his true and faithful Demeanour in all Things relating to the Trust reposed in him by the said Barons, or any three of them; and that he will not, directly nor indirectly, receive or take any Fee or Reward, or expect or accept the Promise of any Fee or Reward, for anything, whatsoever to be done by him in the Execution of the said Trust: (except what shall be settled or allowed by the said Barons, or any three of them) and that he will not directly nor indirectly have any Part, Share, or Interest, or make any Benefit by any Discovery of any forfeited or forfeitable Estate or Interest whatsoever, intended to be applied to the Use of his Majesty, in pursuance of this Act, or conceal, or cause or procure to be concealed, the same, or any Part thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there sit all and may be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Barons, or any three of them, by and with such Approbation as aforesaid, shall nominate, by way of Impressed, and upon Account, for Payment of Salaries of inferior Officers to be employed under them, and for incident Charges in or for the Performance of the several Trusts by this Act committed to the said Barons, such Sums of Money, as the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the time being, judge to be necessary and reasonable in that Behalf, out of such _ as shall, from time to time, be or remain in the Hands of the said receiver-general, by virtue of rior officers ex'" any of the Cltiufes, Matters or Things in this at contained; and that the said Salaries of inferior offi empted from cers shall notbc liable to any Taxes or Assessments by any Act of Parliament made or to be made; any Law

Taxes. pr Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

The b.trons may

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Barons, or any three or more of them, meet ami aft shall and may meet, aft and proceed, from time to time, with or without Adjournment, within Term

without Ad Time, or without; and shall and may send their Precept or Precepts for any Person or Persons whatsoever

journment 5 to appear before them, and for all such Books, Papers, Writings and Records, as they shall think necessary Persons and fr t^c'r Information, in any Matters or Things relating to this Act, without any Fee, Charge or Reward to be paid for the same; and shall and may detain in their Custody such Books, Papers, Writings and Records, so long as they shall have Occasion for the same, and then return such Books, Papers, Writings and Records to such Persons to whom they respectively belong; and shall and may administer Oaths for the better Discovery of the Truth of the Inquiries by them to be made, to any Person or Persons therein concerned, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever; all Sheriffs, Stewards, Baillies, Constables and' other Officers and Ministers whatsoever, are hereby required to obey and execute such Orders and Precepts as shall be font to them, or any of them, by the said Barons, or any three of them, as they will answer the contrary at their utmost Perils; and the said Barons, or any three of them, are hereby empowered and required in a summary Way, and without the Formalities of Proceedings in the Courts of Law or Equity, to inquire and inform themselves by and upon the Testimony of Witnesses, upon Oath, Examination of Persons interested, upon their Oaths, Inspection and Examination of Deeds, Writings and Records, or by all or any of the said Ways and Means, or otherwise, according to their Discretions, as soon as conveniently may he; and to make a Register in Books to be provided for that Purpose of the Names of all such Persons attainted, or to be attainted of High Treason, within the Times aforesaid, and of al! Real and per fonnl Estates and Interests whatsoever by this Act, or otherwise veiled in his Majesty, for or by renfon of such Attainder, and by whom any such Estate or Estates was or were respectively forfeited or forfeitable, and what Estate or Interest every such Person attainted, or to be attainted for High Treason, as aforesaid, had in any of the Premises on the respective Days and Times, on or from which they are hereby, or otherwise, veiled in his Majesty, or at any Time afterwards; and by what Tenures the same, or any of them respectively, were then hidden; and of all Encumbrances whatsoever, to which any of the said Estates forfeited or forfeitable for High Treason, were liable or subject before, and upon the same Days and Times re acs spectively: And in case any Person or Persons, summoned to appear before the said Barons for Discovery of the Premises, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or be examined as aforesaid; and in every such Case, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Barons, or any three of them, to commit the Person and Persons so neglecting or refuting as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol of the County, Shire or Stewartry respectively; to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until such Person or Persons shall conform theni pittu ty nncffi fc|vt.s; lnt] submit to be examined as aforesaid: if any Officer or Officers shall neglect or refuse to give errs on Deiauic qbci]jence to the Precepts and Orders of the said Barons, or any three of them, for the due Execution of this Act, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Barons, or any three or more of them, to impose any Fine upon such Officer or Officers, not exceeding fifty Pounds Sterling, for any one Offence; and to commit such Officer Or Officers, till fugji fine shall be paid unto the said receiver-general for the Uft of his Majesty,

Papers;

and administer o^ths.

Persons refoi to appear to 1 comm.tttd.

of Duty,

55

A.D. 1747. Anno vicesimo Georg IT, C 41,

VIII. And for encouraging all and every Person and Persons whatsoever any ways indebted, or liable to pay to any such forfeiting Person or Persons, any Sum of Money hereby or otherwise veiled in his Majesty as aforesaid, to make a speedy Discovery thereof to the said Barons, or any three or more of them, and to pay a Proportion thereof as this at directs; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Person Person; difeo who shall make a full and true, Discovery to the said Barons, or any three or more of them, of any con venag Debts, cealed Debt, or Sum of Money so due and payable unto any Person or Persons^attainted, or to be attainted

of High Treason within the Days and Times aforesaid (not being a Debt by Judgement, Statute, Recogni ed' on"31'zance, or on any registered Bond or Contract) and pay two third Parts thereof within the respective Times ajl'd ray; n? two following (that is to say) of Debts owing to Persons attainted before the first Day of May in the Year one Thirds Thereof thousand seven hundred and forty seven, on or before the first Day of December in the Year one by the Times LI thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and of Debts owing to Persons attainted afterwards, before the mite(b Expiration of six Calendar Months after such Attainders respectively, unto the said receiver-general, for the Use of his Majesty, shall be and are, by Force and Virtue of this Act, released and discharged of the entire to tadischarged. Debt, or Sum of Money (o due and payable as aforesaid; all and every Person and Persons so indebted, or liable as aforesaid, who shall neglect to make such Discovery to the said Barons, within the respective Person Times aforesaid, shall forfeit double the Value of such Debt or Sum of Money; to be recovered by Action, roforicit Bill, Suit or Information, to the Use of his Majesty as aforesaid; all and every Person or Persons who^oui jrva|ue'. were, or have been, or shall have been possessed of any Personal Goods or Chattles, of or belonging to any per( pns polic(r«i such Persons attainted, or to be attainted of High Treason as aforesaid, when the same became forfeited, or or Goods, C afterwards, or shall be thereof possessed before the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and forty making disco seven, are hereby strictly charged and required to discoverand make known the same to the said Barons, beery, fore the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and the said Barons, or any to be ?llowed a three or more of them, shall and may thereupon allow to every Person aifeovering the same, such Proportion Fomtl1 > as they shall think reasonable for such Discovery, not exceeding one full fourth Part of the find Personal Goods and Chattles, or the Proceeds thereof; but all and every Person and Persons, having such Goods an,) n and Chattles in his, her or their Custody and Power, and neglecting to discover the same before the said yj'jj'151 doub'e

first Day of December, shall, for such Offence, forfeit double the Value of such Personal Goods or Chattles,

to be recovered for the Use of his Majesty as aforesaid; the said Barons, or any three or more of them, Bsrcns nr, aj> are hereby authorised and empowered to make any such Compositions or Agreements, touching any such ake Compoii. Debts, or Personal Goods or Chattles so as aforesaid to be discovered, as the said Barons, or any three or more of them, shall, in any such Case, on due Consideration of the Nature thereof, or Circumstances of chattles j the Parties concerned therein, think fit and reasonable; Compositions or Agreements shall be valid in Law, so as the Moneys payable upon every such Composition or Agreement be paid unto the said receiver-general for the Use of his Majesty, within the respective Times allowed by the said Barons, or any three or more of them, for Payment thereof; and where any of the said Debts are secured by Bonds or Obliga a, d feti!e Bond tions with Penalties, or are due and owing upon Accounts not adjusted, the said Barons, or any three or Debts, C more of them, are hereby authorised to state, settle and determine the same; and that every Person, not p.rfons not inbeing so indebted, or not being possessed of such Personal Goods and Chattles as aforesaid, who shall at any debted, C ma. Time after the said first Day of July, and before the first Day of December, discover to the said Barons, or king Discovery, any three or more of them, any such Debts, or Personal Goods and Chattles concealed until the Time of such Discovery, shall be entitled, by virtue of this Act to have and receive for his or their Reward, so much as the said Barons, or any three or more of them, shall judge to be reasonable, not exceeding one allowed a fourth Part of such Debts, or one fourth Part of such Personal Goods or Chattles, or of the Value thereof Fourth, so discovered after Recovery of the same, to be paid over and delivered to him, her or them, by Warrant of the said Barons, or any[three or more of them, from time to time; and that every Person Who shall, after persons discover the said first Day of July, and before the said first Day of December, discover to the said Barons, or any; ng concealed three or more of them, any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments, or Chattles Real, forfeited as afore Estates, C said, and concealed until the Time of such Discovery, shall be entitled, by virtue of this atto have and receive for his or her Reward, such Proportion of the said Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments and Chattles Rea), as the said Barons, or any three or more of them, shall judge to be reasonable, not exceeding entitled to a one fourth Part thereof, or of the Value of the same, after Recovery thereof; and the said Barons, or any fourt1' three ormoreof them, shall deliver Certificates, under their Hands and Seals, to all and every Person and Barons to give Persons, who shall make any such Discovery or Discoveries as aforesaid, specifying the Lands, Tenements, Catificates to Rents, Hereditaments, Chattles or Real Estates, by him or her so discovered, and the Part, Share or Prcr pyfons making portion thereof, or of the Value of the same, which he, she or they ought to have in respect thereof; and d'reovcne«; the said Barons are hereby empowered and required to cause to be paid, delivered, assured or conveyed, such and t cause Parts, Shares and Proportions, to the said Discoverers, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns then shares to respectively, and that as soon as conveniently may be, after the Time shall be elapsed for entering Claims be pald>ic* in Manner herein after mentioned, on the Estates Real or Personal so discovered, as to such Estates Real or Personal, upon which no Claim shall be entered, and as soon as conveniently may be after such Claim or Claims as shall be entered, relating to such Estates Real or Personal respectively, shall be determined. n,

IX. Provided always, That the Shares of the Estates Real or Personal so discovered, that shall be allowed chims out of'

to the Discoverers, final! suffera Deduction or Abatement proportional to the Claims to, upon or out of the the Shires l same respectively, which shall be made and affirmed. lowed to Disco

X. And to the Intent the Personal Goods and Chattles herein before, or otherwise vested in his Majesty, ', cre's may be disposed of, and the Value thereof applied to the Use of his Majesty, Be it further enacted by the Go "Js to Authority aforesaid, That the said Barons shall, as soon as conveniently may he, use their utmost Endeavours

to secure all such Goods and Personal Chattles, in such Places, and in the Custody of such Persons as shall be L'

most proper by the said Barons, for preventing the perishing, or any Loss or Embezzlement thereof; and Inventories and shall make, or cause to be made, a true and perfect Inventory or Inventories thereof, containing a true and and particular Account of all such Goods and Chattles, by whom they were forfeited, and when, and by 0 3 whom

C 41.

Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1747.

The Goods to be sold by Auction.

Entry to be made of the Goods, and the Persons to whom sold.

Buyers to have Certificates:

On Payment the Goods to be delivered.

Buyers not making Payment, to forfeit one third, and the Goods to be set tip again.

Persons entering upon forfeited Estates, after 25 June 1746. not paying the Profits,

to forfeit double.

On their dif very,

to be difeharzed.

Committing

Spoil,

to pay Treble Damages.

Stewards to be appointed.

'the Mmillers, fc Money and Land Tax to be

Stewards Salary,

Steward to take the Oaths 5

and to give southeast cui icy.

delivered to the said Barons, or any Persons by them appointed to receive the same; and flail also cause a just Appraisement thereof to be made, upon the Oaths of any two Persons, to be appointed by the said Barons, or any three or more of them, for that Purpose (which Oath the said Barons, or any three or more of them, have hereby Power to administerj; and the said Barons, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to sell all and singular such Goods and Chattles so inventoried and appraised, according to their belt Skill and Judgement; and for that Purpose flail cause pub'.ick Notice to be given by the Space of ten Days, at lead, of the Time and where they intend to begin to expose to Sale any Part or Parcel thereof, and of the several Particulars then and there to be sold, at which Time they shall sell the same by Cant or Auction, to such Person or Persons who shall bid most for the same; and immediately upon every such Sale or Contract, shall cause an Entry to be made in their Book, of all and every the Personal Goods and Chattles so sold or contracted for, and of the Buyers Names and Places of Abode, and the Prices agreed upon; and for the further Assurance thereof to the Buyers, the said Barons, or any three or more of them, shall give a Certificate under their Hands and Seals, unto the Buyers respectively, expressing the Particulars so by them bought, the Prices and Time of Sale; and every such Buyer shall thereupon pay the said Prices unto the said receiver-general, at such Time or Times, as shall be agreed upon with the said Barons, for the Use of his Majesty; the said Barons, or any three or more of them, being satisfied with the Payment thereof, shall forthwith order the Particulars so bought and paid for, to be delivered to the Buyer or Buyers, his, her or their Assigns; and in case any Person or Persons who shall have contracted for any such Personal Goods or Chattles as aforesaid, shall make any Default in Payment of the Moneys contracted for, he, she or they shall forfeit one thiid of the Sum which the said Goods were contracted for; and the said Barons, or any three or more of them, may and shall proceed to a new Sale of all and every such Personal Goods and Chattles, for which such Default shall be made, unto any other Person or Persons, as if no Sale thereof had before been made.

XI. And be it enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, who flnee the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty six, have entered into or upon any of the said forfeited Estates, or any Part thereof, and held and enjoyed the same without any lawful Title thereunto, shall be responsible for all and every the Profits of the same Premises, during the Time of his, her or their Occupation thereof, and flail answer and pay the Value thereof unto the said receiver-general, at such Days or Times as shall be appointed by the said Barons, or any three or more of them, or in Default thereof shall forfeit double the Value of the same Profits by him, her or them received, for the Use of his Majesty.

XII. Provided nevertheless, if any such Person or Persons shall, on or before the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, discover to the said Barons such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so by them enjoyed (the same being concealed till the Time of such Discovery) all and every such Person and Persons are hereby declared to be discharged of and from any Account of the Profits thereof received or had before the said first Day of December: And whereas it is likely, that since the faic' twenty-fifth Day of June, the Occupiers of several of the said forfeited or forfeitable Estates and Interests, and other the Premises or others, may have presumed to commit great Spoil, Waste and destrurion upon the same Estates, by cutting down great Quantities of timber trees and other Trees, Woods, Groves and Coppices, and otherwise; Be it further enacted, That every such Occupier and all and every other Person and Persons, who since the said twenty-fifth Day of June have committed, or at any Time before the Sale or Sales of such Premises, to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall commit any such Spoil, Waste or Destruction, flail pay 'Preble Damages for the same, to be ascertained by the said Barons in a summary Way; and for the speedy levying thereof to his Majesty's Use, the like Execution shall issue forth as in case of a Debt due to his Majesty.

XIII. And to the end that all and every the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said Estates may for the future, and until Sale thereof as aforesaid, be effectually levied and paid into the said Exchcouer; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the said Barons, or any three or more of them, by and with the Approbation of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or of the High Treasurer for the time being, to appoint Stewards, Receivers, Bailiffs or Factors on the said forfeited Estates, with full Power to let and set the said Estates for any Term not exceeding three Years, and to receive the Rents and Profits, and to grant Discharges and Acquittances thereof, and to hold Courts and pass Decrees for Payment of Rents, and to put. the said Decrees in Execution, and to do all Acts, Matters and Things necessary for managing the said Estates usually done by Stewards, Receivers, bailiff's or Factors, on the said respective Estates, according to trie Laws in Scotland, and particularly to pay yearly out of the said Rents, the Stipends or Salaries of Ministers and Schoolmasters, and the Cess or Land Tax that flail by Law be payable out of such Estates; the Pay or Salaries of which Stewards, Receivers, bailiff's or Factors, flail not exceed the tenth Part of the yearly Value of the Rents and Profits of the forfeited Estates'

'the Management of which they shall be respectively appointed.

XIV. Provided always, That all and every Steward, Receiver, Bailiff or Fadlor to be so appointed, before he enter on the Execution of his Office, or be capable to perform any Part thereof, flail he approved of as aforesaid, and shall take the Oaths appointed to be taken by the said Act of the first Year of h; s late Majesty, and flail give Bond to the King's Majesty for a Sum not id's than wo Years Rent of such Estate or Estates as tie shall be appointed Steward, Receiver, Bailiff or Fndtor over, with fufneient Security for the Payment thereof, in case he shall fail to pay to the said receiver-general at such Days and Times as he shall be thereto required by the Precept of the said Barons, or any three or more of them, all and ev.ry

Sum or Sums by him received out of the Estate or Estates on which he shall be appointed Steward, Receiver, Bailiff or Factor, and to account lor all such Sums as shall remain due and payable in the Hands of the

Tenants or Possessors at the Time of his accounting, by producing Evidence that he ital ul ed all due and lawful Means and Diligence for recovering of all such Sums so remaing due and payable; and all and every

: - Steward,

i

4

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

G. 41.

57

Steward, Receiver, Bailiff or Fablor, shall be fully acquitted and discharged by the said Exchequer, upon his paying and accounting as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sequestration, Suspension, Arrestment and other Act Ssquestrations of and Decree made and passed in any Court of Judicature since the first Day of Augitft one thousand seven the forfeited hundred and fortyfive, or which shall hereafter be made or passed, otherwise than according to the Direc Estates, made tions of this present Add, whereby any Right, Title, Charge or Interest in, to, out of or upon any of the ot erwi e' said forfeited Estates, hath been or shall be decided and determined in Favour of any Creditor or Persons claiming Interest therein, or whereby any Person or Persons have been or shall be entitled to poflels any Part of the said Estates, Real orperlonal, or to levy, receive or discharge any Part of the Rents and Profits of the same by any such Decrees or Sentences, or without any lawful Title, are hereby declared to be void, null and of no Effect, as if the same had never been made or passed. to t, e nu; i.

XVI. And whereas several Persons in Possession of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall have been found by the said Barons to be forfeited and veiled in his Majesty by virtue '"of this Act, or who have received the Rents and Profits of the same since the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty six, or are otherwise indebted to his Majesty by virtue of this Act,

may refuse or neglect to pay the same unto the said receiver-general, according to the Direction of this Act; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Barons, or any three or more of Persons who them, shall and they are hereby empowered and required to call to account all and every Person or Persons, have taker pof their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and successors, who by virtue of any Sequestration or other Decree, fuebration^&c made and passed by any Court of Judicature since the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and \nce, Aug. fortyfive, or by virtue of any other Right or Title, hath taken or retained, or shall take or retain Possess 1745, to account, fion of any Part of the said forfeited Estates, Real or Personal, or have levied or discharged, or who shall levy, receive or discharge any Part of the said Rents, Issues or Profits of the said Estates (not herein before excepted) which have become due since the twenty sixth Day of 'june one thousand seven hundred and forty six, for his or their possession or Intromilfions with the same, or who have incurred or shall incur any Penalty or Penalties, or are otherwise indebted to his Majesty by virtue of this Act, and upon his, her or their Appearance or Neglect, or Refusal thereof, after being thereto duly required by Precept as aforesaid, the said b rons, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required in a. summary Way, without the Formalities of Proceedings in the Courts of Law or Equity, to inquire and Birons to pro inform themselves, by and upon the Testimony of Witnesses upon Oath, Examination of Persons interest ceedln a fumed, upon their Oaths Inspection and Examination of Deeds, Writings, Accounts and Records, or by all mar) wax cor any of the said Ways and Means, or otherwise, according to their Directions, as soon as conveniently may be, to Hate and settle the Sums due and payable by every such Person or Persons for or on account of their said Intromissions, Debts, Penalties or Forfeitures aforesaid, and to direct their Precepts, ordering snd to stireft them, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and successors, to make Payment of the Money appearing to there Precepts be due thereupon unto the said receiver-general, and to deliver up to the said Barons, or any three or more r c7'doe°f of them, or their Order, all such forfeited Goods and Chattles as have been or shall be intromitted with'e ue' and possessed by them, at such Days and Times, as by the said Barons, or any three or more of them, and for deliver shall be limited and appointed by their said Precepts; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to comply with, ng"pthefoi -- the said Precepts, the said Barons, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to ^tc 000 s order such Proceedings to be had thereupon, as if the Contents of such Precepts had been duly found by Inquisition taken and returned into the said Court of Exchequer.

XVII. And to the end that ail and every the said Estates and Interests hereby, or otherwise veiled in his Majesty, whereof the said Barons of Exchequer shall upon Inquiry make Discovery, and seize or recover the possession, may be duly published, so as all Persons having Interest may have Notice thereof, in such Manner as they may enter their Claims upon the same, in the Manner herein after provided; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Barons of Exchequer shall cause the Register, or Books herein ap Register of the pointed to be kept, of the Names of all Persons attainted of High Treason within the Times aforesaid, forfeited Estates and of all Real and Personal Estates and Interests by this Act, or otherwise, veiled in his Majesty, or an 10 e epc' authentic Copy or Duplicate of such Books, to be kept by a proper Officer, who shall make the same open and patent to the Inspection of all Persons who shall demand the same, betwixt the Hours of ten and twelve in the Forenoon, upon any lawful Day, without any Fee or Reward; and in the said Books shall be expressed the Dates when the Entries of the several Estates Real or Personal that shall be there ingrossed, where made; and the said Barons, or a»v three or more of them, flv.ill also transmit to the said CommissionCopy of the re ners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, an authentic ke

copy of the said Register or Books. 1t. "

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That when any Real or Heretable Estate shall be entered in the said Register, the said Barons shall, from time to time, within the Space of one Month after such Entry, Entries to be transmit or cause to be transmitted, an authentic Copy or Duplicate of every such Entry to the Sheriff of rent to the she the Shire or Steward of the Stewartry, within which the Lands or other Heretable or Real Estate are situ rift, ated; and every such Sheriff" or Steward shall and is hereby required, within twelve Days after he shall re sheriff to give ceive such Duplicate or Copy, to cause the fume to be published at the Market Cross of the Head Burgh of Notice, the Shire or Stewartry, and to cause to be inserted in a Book to be provided and kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to such Sheriffs or Stewarts Courts; all which Books shall be made open and patent to any Persons demanding inspe ftion of the same, upon any lawful Day between the Hours of ten and twelve in the Forenoon, without Fee or Reward.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Estates and Interests which shall be entered in the Estates to vest in Register, to be kept by the said Barons of the Exchequer, according to the Directions of this Act, to or Majesty, upon which no Claim shall be entered within the Time, and in the Manner herein after prescribed, shall be

detuned and taken against all Persons, and to all Intents and Purposes, to be veiled in his Majesty in virtue rc J

C 41.

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

A.D.

1747.

and where claimed, upon Payment of the Debts,

Estates to be sold, where his

Claims within <12 Months.

Dilates not to be sold, where his Majesty shall so

Claims on personal Estates, C to be made within 3 Months,

of this Act, and such Estates and Interests as shall be so entered in the said Register, and to or upon which. Claims shall be entered, shall in like Manner be deemed and taken to be vested in his Majesty; subject only to such Burden, Diminution or Eviction as shall arise from the Determination of the Claims that shall be so entered, and no otherwise.

XX. And to the End that all and every the said Estates and Interests herein before vested in his Majesty, may be disposed of in the most beneficial Manner, and the Produce and Value thereof applied for the Payment and Satisfaction of such Claims out of the respective Estates as shall be decreed to be just and lawful, and the Remainder for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; Be it further enacted, That in case his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall not make effectual Provision for the Payment or Satisfaction of all

Majesty tliail not such Debts and Claims within the Space of twelve Months after the same shall be respectively adjudged. Claims within ten be lawful fr the said Barons, or any three of them, and they are hereby required to sell, or cause to be sold, so much of the Estates of the attainted Persons, as they shall judge uccefiary to be sold for Satisfaction of the Debts and Claims affecting the same, and apply the Money arising by the Sale thereof' respectively, in Discharge of the several Debts or Claims to which they shall adjudged to be liable.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, That if his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors shall, after the Expiration of

lu the Time, make effectual Provision for the Payment or Satisfaction of all the Debts or Claims upon any

order" and make such Estate, and shall, before the same is sold, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Sign Manual, at Payment of the any Time or Times direct any such Estates not to be sold; then the said Barons shall not proceed in the Sale Claims. of any Estates so prohibited to be sold; and in respect of the Sale of the said Estates, or any Part thereof,

the said Barons of the Exchequer are hereby authorised and required to proceed in such Manner and Form, and according to such Rules as the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland were directed to observe, ijgeo. ic. a8. by an act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for Sale of such of the forfeited Estates in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unsold and are vested in the Crown \ and for determining such Claims on the said Efates as having been duly entered, remain undetermined.

XXII. And that no Person or Persons whatsoever having any Estate, Right, Title or Interest in Law or Equity, in, to or out of any of the forfeited or forfeitable Estates and Premises, may be in any respect prejudiced by this act, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, Bodies Politic and Corporate (other than and except all such forfeiting Persons as aforesaid, and the Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns of every of them, and all and every Person and Persons having or claiming anything in the Premises, or any Part thereof, to the Use of or in Trust for any such. Persons, or their or any of their Heirs, Executors or Administrators) having any Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Office, Annuity, Service, Rent, Debt, Benefit, Charge or Tncumbrance whatsoever in Law or Equity, in, to or out of, or upon any Castles, Honours, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents or Hereditaments whatsoever, or to any Real or Personal Estate, or any other the Premises whatsoever, herein before or otherwise vested in his Majesty. or under any Settlement, Conveyance, Judgement, Statute, Recognisance, Extent or other Debt, Charge or Encumbrance, affecting or which was binding on the forfeiting Persons, and might have affected the same Estate, before the respidtive Days and Times whereon the same was vested in his Majesty as aforesaid, and also all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, pretending to have Right or Title to any Estate, which shall have been seized or Purveyed by the said Barons for the Use of his Majesty, and who shall pretend that none of the Persons attainted since the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, for High Treason, was seized or possess ed of, or interested in, or entitled unto such. Estate in his, her or their own Right, or to his, her or their own Use, nor any other Person in Trust for them, or any of them, on the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, at any Time since, or that they have Right or Title to such Estate, shall, within the Space of three Months, to be reckoned from and after the Date of the Entry that shall be made in the Register Book in the Exchequer of any Personal Estate, and in case of Real Estates, within six Months of the Entry of the Register, to be kept in the County or Stewartry where such Estate lies, in Manner herein before direifted, of the Estate or Interest in, to or out of which such Claims and Demands are to be made respectively, enter all their respective Claims and Demands before the Court of Session in Scotland, in such Manner as is herein after mentioned; or in Default thereof every such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Office, Annuity, Service, Rent, Debt, Charge or Encumbrance in, to out of or upon the said Premises, or any Part thereof, ftnll be and is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the Estate or Estates so as aforesaid, liable unto or charged therewith, shall from thence be freed, acquitted and discharged of and from the same; and all such Claims and Demands of Infants shall and may be made by their Fathers or Guardians, or any other Persons in their Behalf; and all

beniad* b, m cl ms of Femes Covert by their Husbands or any other Persons on their Behalf; and all Claims of Madmen, Idiots or Lunatics by such Person or Persons, under whose Care or Custody they are or shall be at the Time of entering such Claims; and that all such Claims shall be made and tendered to the Court of Session in Time of Session, or to the Lord Ordinary on the Bills in Time of Vacanee, written in Parchment, and signed by the Party or Parties making the same, or such other Person or Persons on his, her or their Behalf as aforesaid, or signed by the Attorneys or Factors of the Party or Parties having the Interest claimed; and such Signing dial] be testified by two or more credible witnesses, who fli 11 subscribe their Names to attest the same; and every Claimant shall therein particularly express what Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Office, Annuity, Service, Rent, Debt, Benefit, Charge or Encumbrance he or she demand or claim in, to, out of or upon any Part of the Premises, by and under what Grant, Gift, Settlement, Conveyance, Security, Title or Encumbrance, he or she do claim the lame; and if such Party claimant hath, demands or claims any Estate, Right, Title or Interest in or to any Part of the Premises, by virtue of any Encumbrance, for any Debt or Sum of Money whatsoever, such Party

shall and Claims on Real Estates, within 6 Months;

Claims of Per ions incaoacira

where to be tendered, ca.

D. 1747.

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

C 4f,

59

hall also in his Claim see forth such Encumbrance, and the Dates and Contents thereof, and the witnesses

thereto; and if the same be recorded, when and where the same was entered on Record, and whether such

Debt and Sum of Money was and is really due, and remains wholly unpaid and unsatisfied, and what Part

and how much thereof has been really and truly farisfied, by Money paid, Perception of Profits, or by any other Ways or Means whatsoever; every such Claim shall be transcribed by Order of the said Court, Claim to he

and entered in Books to be provided and fairly kept by them for that Purpose; the said Court of Session regia^ed.

is hereby empowered and required to proceed in a summary Way, without abiding the Course of any Roll, Court to proceed

as well out of as in Term Time, to hear and determine all such Claims; and every such Decree of the in 3 /umm.iry

Court of Session shall be final, and binding upon all Parties concerned, in case thirty Days, on any of ^n'ac^er'

which such Proceedings as are usual and competent by the Laws of Scotland, for reverling or amending such

Decrees, shall elapse without such Proceedings being had, made or commenced by either Party.

XXIII. And to the end that due Care maybe taken of the Interest of his Majesty in respect of such Thu King's Claims as shall be offered as aforesaid, It is hereby further enacted, That the King's Advocate, or in his ?lg, h, to Absence his Majesty's Solicitor General in Scotland, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required tof J o'/thi provide for making proper Answers and Defences On Behalf of his Majesty, to all such Claims as shall be solicitor bane" offered as aforesaid, and for reversing, affirming or amending the Decrees that shall be passed upon such ral.

Claims as they shall see Cause.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Session shall, and they are hereby empowered and court to proceeii

required, in a summary Way, and without the Formality of Proceedings in the Courts of Law or Equity, 'n a summary to proceed by and upon the Testimony of witnesses upon Oath, Examination of Persons claiming or otherwise interested, upon their Oaths, Inspection and Examination of Deeds, Writings and Records, or "^7 C

all or any of the said Ways and Means, or otherwise, according to the Circumstances of the Case, as

soon as conveniently may be, to hear and determine and adjudge all and every Claim and Claims which shall be entered within the Times aforesaid; that every Party claiming shall, if required by the said Claimants toan

Court, or by or on Behalf of his Majesty's Advocate, upon Oath answer to the Truth of his or her Claim, wer upon oath'

and to such proper Interrogatories as the Court or Council for his Majesty shall think fitting for the clearing thereof; and upon Oath, produce before the said Court at their hearing such Claim, all such Deeds, and to produce Writings and Evidences as are in his Custody or Power, any ways concerning the said Claim or the subjecttte, r Deeds Matter thereof.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid where the Claim so to be determined as aforesaid to be just and lawful, shall contain a Demand of any Sum or Sums of Money, any wise affecting

any of the said forfeited Estates; and in such Case the said Barons of the Exchequer, or any certificates to jthree of them, shall and are hereby expressly empowered and required to issue out Debentures or Certificates given for to Claimants, for the respective Sum or Sums which shall be determined to be due and payable to them fe Sums decreed; verally by the Decrees of the said Court of Session; Debentures or Certificates, with legal Interest, to be paid with

shall be paid in the first Place without any Deduction, See or Reward, by the said receiver-general, out Interest of such Rents and Profits as shall be paid into his Hands from the lefpedfive Estates upon which the said Claims are allowed.

XXVI. Provided always, That no such Decree in Favour of any Claimant, or Debenture or Certificate No Decrees, C

to be issued thereupon, shall be made for any Sum or Sums on account of Penalties for Failure of Payment 'n°a at the Day it became due, or for any other Penalties whatsoever. counthenaf

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where the said Claim shall contain a Demand of any Honours, tjes for Nonpay. Castles, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Services, rents charge, Hereditaments or other Real Estate ment. whatsoever, or any Interest therein, and shall be adjudged, determined or decreed as abovesaid to be just

and legal; then, and in that Case, the said Court of Session are hereby authorised ro order the Sheriff" or On Clams af sheriffs, or the proper Officer or Officers of and in the respective Counties and Stewartries where the same chimanmto b shall lie, to cause Possession to be delivered to such Claimant or Claimants, his, her or their Heirs, Execu put intopoitd" tors, Administrators or successors, or to whom they or any of them shall appoint; and all and every such non.

Claimant or Claimants, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or successors, shall hold and enjoy the same or such Estate and Interest therein respectively, as shall be adjudged, determined, or decreed as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And to the End that Justice may be rendered to the several Claimants on the said forfeited

Estates or Interests, according to tiic Priority or legal Preference of their Rights and Diligences; Be it fur Court to adjudge therenadled, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Session, upon the Application of his Ma thejegaj p ete jesty's Advocate, or of any Claimant whose Claim shall be affirmed on any of the said forfeited Estates and ail"

Interests, to rank and determine the Order of Preference of the several Creditors and Claimants on the respective Estates and Interests; the Judgement to be given by the Court of Session upon such Application, shall be of the same Force and Effect, as if the several Creditors or Claimants who shall be so ranked, had been summoned for that Purpose, in the usual Manner, in a Process of Ranking.

XXIX. And whereas during the Dependance of such Ranking, or before the final Decision of all the Claims on any of the said forfeited Estates, it may be just and reai onable that the growing Rents and Profits of the said Estates, or same Part thereof, should be paid over to some or other of the preferable Coortt0 mace 6 crt % !itors or Claimants thereon; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may' ofi ih. "y" be lawful to the said Court of Session, when they hall see Cause, to make Interloquitors, finding any Cre >sllnisipt, C le, j ditor or Claimant upon such Estate, Entitled to any Sum or Sums of Money that shall be specified in such in the interior Interloquitors, and recommending to the Barons of the Exchequer, to cause the same to be paid; and upon qu.tors, i; C Production of such Interloquitor, or an Extradf thereof, by the Party obtaining the same, to the said Barons of Exchequer, or any three of them, they are hereby empowered and required, as soon as conveniently may be, to make an Order uptfn the receiver-general, or upon the Bailiff, Fadfor or Steward of the Efface

I 2 ire

Conveyances made by Traitors after 24 June 1742,

except in Confederation of Marriage, C

deemed fraudulent.

No Claim to be allowed, but for onerous Causes.

Commissioners who have omitted, impovfered to meet and al at any other Time.

asxs of the Commissioners

confirmed.

Two Commissioners may appoint Affiiflors.

Persons negle£f ing to appear, cr take the Oaths, or serve the Office,

to pay 5 1.

waus and eer viv.k included, where the Kingdom of England is mentioned.

Quakers appointed Affcflors, to make and subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity, i W. & M. ft. 1 C 18.

C 42. Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1747.

in such Interloquitor mentioned, for Payment of the Sum or Sums therein specified, out of the Rents and Profits of such Estate.

XXX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all Conveyances and Assurances whatsoever of any cafucs, Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments or Real Estate whatsoever, made at any Time after the twenty-fourth Day oifune one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, by any Person who has been since attainted or shall be attainted as aforesaid, unto or for his own Ule, or unto or for the Use of his Wife or any of his Children, or in Trust for himself, his Wife or any of his Children (other than such as were made borta side before, and in Consideration of Marriage, or in Performance of some Covenant or Agreement made and reduced into Writing before and in Consideration of Marriage) and also all Assurances and Conveyances whatsoever, made at any Time since the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, by any such Person, are hereby declared to he, and hall for ever hereafter be deemed and taken to be fraudulent; and that no Claim hall at any Time hereafter be allowed for the same, excepting such Assurances and Conveyances as have been mads since the Time aforesaid, or shall be made in Time coming, for just and onerous Causes, the said onerous Causes being always otherwise instructed than by the Writings themselves

---

[Tenants on Proof of Payment of their Rents to be discharged. See 25 Geo. 2. c. 41. and 31 Geo. 2. c. 16.]

XXXI. 'And whereas several Tenants of the said attainted Persons may have paid their respective Rents due to them after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-five, and before the Times of their respective Attainders, without Fraud or Collusion;' Be it therefore enacted, That such Tenants shall be and are hereby discharged therefrom, on due Proof of such actual Payments thereof respectively made.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to enforce the Execution of an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows or Lights.

[20 Geo. 2. c. 3.]

---

WHEREAS through various Accidents Execution of the Powers given by the Act of the twentieth Year of his present Majesty (intitled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows* or Lights; and for raising the Sum of four millions four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties) to the Commissioners thereby authorised to put the same into Execution,

within the exact Time, and according to the precise Method thereby directed, hath been, and may be prevented, and the raising the Rates and Duties granted thereby obstructed or delayed Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all. Cases where the said Commissioners have already omitted, or hall at any Time or Times hereafter omit to meet or execute the said Powers, or any of them, within or at the Time or Times, or according to the Manner directed and prescribed by the said Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, to meet and execute the said Powers at any other Time or Times, and from, time to time as there Hull be Occasion; and they are hereby authorised and required forthwith, or as soon after the Time or Times at which such Meetings hold have been held, according to the said Act, as shall be convenient, to meet and execute the same, so as that the said Rates and Duties may be duly and effectually charged, raised collected and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Uses in the said* notwithstanding any such Omission or Defect; and all Meetings and Acts of the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, which have been already had or done pursuant (in all other Respects) to the Directions of the said Act, hall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding such Omission or Defect.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall have Power; and are hereby required to appoint such Assessors, and for such Districts or Divisions, within their respective Limits, as they shall judge proper, out of the Persons who shall by their Precepts, as directed by the said Act, be ordered to appear before them for such Districts or Divisions respectively; if any of the Persons on whom such Precepts shall be served hall neglect to appear, or they or any of the Collectors, or Officers appointed or to be appointed under the said Act, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to take the Oaths appointed by the said Act to be taken by them respectively, or to take upon them their respective Offices, the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to impose. on every such Person so neglecting or refusing, any Fine not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds for any one Offence; the same to be levied, certified and paid, as other Fines by the said Act are directed to be levied, certified and (laid.

III. And it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where the Kingdom of England, or that Part of Great Britain called England, hath been or shall be mentioned in any Act of Parliament, the same has been and shall from henceforth be deemed and taken to comprehend and include the Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

IV. And whereas certain Persons, Dissenters from the Church of England, commonly called Quakers,

do scruple the taking of any Oaths, and it may happen that several of the said Persons may be appointed Assessors for raising the aid Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows and Lights; 'Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case it Hull be sufficient for such Persons appointed or to be appointed Assessors for the purposes aforesaid, instead of the Oaths appointed by the said Act to be taken by the said Assessors, to make and subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity prescribed by an Act made in the firs Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary (entitled. An Act for exempting their Majesties protestant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws) and, that all Certificates in Writing, returned to the Commissioners for the said Duties, verified by any such Persons

A.D. 1747. Anno vicesimo Georgii II. c. 43. 61

[Certificates ve

upon their Affirmation, shall be as valid and effectual as if the same were verified upon their Oath, in the Manner directed by the said Act; anything the iein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. valid! '°n

Set farther 'Ll Geo. 2. c. 10. 26 Geo. 2. c. 17. 31 Geo. 2. c. 22. 32 Geo. 2. c. 33.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for taking away and abolishing the Heretable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof; and for restoring Inch jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the administration of justice throughout that Part of the United Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for obliging all Persons acting as Procurators, Writers or Agents in the Law in Scotland to take the Oaths; and for rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms more complete.

FOR remedying the Inconveniences that have arisen and may arise from the Multiplicity and Extent of So much of this Heretable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for making Satisfaction to the Prona as relates to prietors thereof, for restoring to the Crown the Powers of Jurisdiction originally and properly belonging thereto, according to the Constitution, and for extending the Influence, Benefit and Protection of^czc uh colts in King's Laws and Courts of Justice to all his Majesty's Subjects in Scotland, and for rendering the Union civil cases, is more complete; Be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent made perpetual ty of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[iigeo. 2. C 42.

That all Heretable Jurisdictions of Justiciary, and all Regalities and Heretable Baillie All Heretable' ries, and all Heretable Constabularies, other than the Office of high Constable of Scotland, and all Stewartries, being Parts only of Shires or Counties, and all Sheriffships and Deputy Sheriffships of Districts, be -- yhce' offic^of"'ing Parts only of Shires or Counties within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, belonging unto, or High Constable possessed or claimed by any Subject or Subjects, and all Jurisdictions, Powers, Authorities and Privileges excepted, thereunto appurtenant or annexed or dependant thereupon, shall be, and they are hereby from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty eight, abro toceafe from 25 gated, taken away, and totally dissolved and extinguished. March 174s.

II. Provided always, That all Lands annexed or belonging to the said Heretable Baillieries, Stewartries The Lands and Constabularies hereby intended to be dissolved and extinguished, and the Rents and Duties, consisting Rents and cer in Money, Victual, Cattle or other Goods, payable to the Possessors of the said Heretable Baillieries, tarn Duties an -- Stewartries or Constabularies, shall remain with and belong to them, their Heirs and Successors, and con n^txcifiif 1 Je tinue to be enjoyed by and paid to them, their Heirs and Successors, notwithstanding the Extinction of the Ta, C dl ', e" said Offices.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Jurisdictions, Powers and Authorities ah Heretable legally vested in or belonging to any such Justiciary, Regalities, Baillieries, Constabularies, Stewartries, jurisdictliuna to Sheriffships and Deputy Sheriffships, or any of them, shall, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of bevetted in the March be vested in and exercised by the Court of Session, Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, the Judges in kln|'scourt* the several Circuits, and the Courts of the Sheriffs and Stewarts of Shires or Counties, and other of the an "£ts> king scourts in Scotland respectively, to which such Jurisdictions, Powers and Authorities would now by Law have belonged, in case such Justiciary, Baillierie, Constabulary, Regality, Stewartry, Sheriffship ordeputy Sheriffship had never been granted or ere died; and that the several Towns, Villages, Places, Districts and Bounds which lie within or were subject to such Justiciary, Regalities, Bailleries, Constabularies, Stewartries, sheriff ships or Deputy Sheriffships hereby taken away and dissolved respectively, and the Inhabitants and residen ters within the same, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, shall be subject to the jurisdiction and Authority of the said Court of Session, Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, the Judges in their Circuits, the Sheriffs and the Courts of the Sheriffs or Stewarts of Counties or Shires, and such other of the King's Courts as aforesaid respectively, in the same Manner as such Towns, Villages, Places, Districts and Bounds, and the Inhabitants and Residenters within the same would have been in case such Justiciary,

Regalities, Baillieries, Constabularies, Stewartries, Sheriffships or Deputy Sheriffships had never existed.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty All Heretable fifth Day of March, all Sheriffships of any County or Shire, and all Stewarties not hereby before taken Sheriffship?, a away and extinguished, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandgranted unto or possessed by any 10 be resumed Subject or Subjects, either Heretably or for Life, and all Jurisdictions, Authorities or Privileges thereuntoto belonging or annexed, or dependant thereupon, shall be, and they are hereby resumed and annexed to the rown' Crown; and that the Sheriffs and Stewarts of such Counties, Shires and Stewartries respectively, shall, front thenceforth be nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Sheriffship or Stewar sheriffships, C try of any County, Shire or District within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, at any Time n°tt0 grant hereafter be granted to any Person or Persons whatsoever, cither Heretably or for Life, or for any certain Term exceeding one Year and that no Justiciary, Regality, Constabulary or Baillierie, nor any Judica year n ture, Jurisdiction, Authority or Immunity of the like Nature or Kind, within that Part of Great Britain Grants ofjufli called Scotland, shall at any Time hereafter he erecte L created or granted, but that all Letters Patents, CI ry, C con gifts and Grants of any of the premift s, made contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, tr" yt0 t!li5 shall be, and they are hereby enacted and declared to be null and void, to all Intents and i urposes what) null, soever.

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

C 43.

and in the mean Time, until such Order and Directions shall be made and given as aforesaid, all and every Sum and Sums of Money, which shall be assessed or allowed for the Value of any such Judiciary, Regality, Sheriffship, Deputy Sheriffship, Stewartry, Constabulary or Baillierie, belonging to any such Infant, Mi idiot, Lunatic, fatuous or furious Person, or subject to such 11 rift Tailzie, orfo settled limited, morn

nor.

which is to be lodged in Bank, till the Court shall make Order.

gauged or encumbered, shall be paid unto, and remain in either of the Banks of Scotland, and from and after such Order made, or Directions given by the said Court of Session, such Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid out to such Person or Persons, as by the Order or Interloquitor of the said Court shall be authorised and appointed to receive the same.

XIII. Provided always, That all and every Person and Persons who shall neglect or omit to make and Persons not en enter his, her or their Claim or Claims, in respect of any of the jurisdictions hereby abrogated, and of "r, ns llieir such Clerkships as aforesaid, within the Time, and in the Manner herein before directed, shall be for ever aimsexc u C*excluded from the Benefit of Compensation and Satisfaction hereby provided.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Suits, Decrees, Sentences, Interlo Proceedings of quitors, Judgments, Executions and Proceedings, of or in any Court hereby abrogated, taken away and ^o^cmarch dissolved, which were depending, pronounced, awarded or had, before the said twenty-fifth Day of March, confirmed. shall be and remain of the same Force, Effect and Validity, and in the same State and Condition, as the same would respectively have been in case this act had not been made; and that all Records, Rolls, Books Proceedings, C and Entries of any such Suits, Decrees, Sentences, Interloquitors, Judgments, Executions or Proceedings, after 24 June

relating to any Civil or Criminal Cause in any such Court, shall on or before the twenty-fourth day of, S t

June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, be transmitted by the pofleftor thtsheriffs'0 of any such Justiciary, Stewartry, Sheriffship, Deputy Sheriffship, Regality, Constabulary, or Baillierie, courts, to the Courts of the respective Sheriffs or Stewarts of Counties, and there lodged and kept amongst the Records of such Courts; which shall proceed thereupon as if the said Civil or Criminal Causes had been Refiflers of commenced originally in such Courts; and that the Register Books of Hornings, Inhibitions and Interdic Hornings, C tions heretofore kept in any Baillieries of Royalty or Regality, or Stewartries hereby abrogated, shall, on or to be transmic before the said twenty-fourth Day of June be transmitted to his Majesty's General Register House at ^housevt Edinburgh, Edinburgh.6

XV. And whereas by several Grants of Heretable Jurisdictions, Lands lying within, and making Part' of one Shire, have been disunited from the same, and annexed to, and made Part of, another distant

Shire, to the great Interruption of Justice, and Inconvenience of the Subjects Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and J "rlfdi£tions of forty-eight, all and every Act, Statute, Charter or Grant whatsoever, whereby any Lands lying anciently within one Shire in Scotland were disunited from the same, and annexed to another Shire to which such p^shyrcstn Lands were not adjacent or contiguous, shall be repealed and made void, with respect only to the Jurisdic nexed to the lion of the Sheriffs or Stewarts Courts; and the Lands so disunited and annexed, shall, with respect to such Shires they lie Jurisdiction only, be, and they are hereby restored or annexed to the Shire or Shires respectively within c°nu2 "° "s to which such Lands do locally lie; and in case such Lands are interjefted between two Shires, they shall be, and are hereby annexed to the Shire, to the Head Borough of which they are nearest adjacent.

XVI. Provided always, That this Restitution shall not extend to vary or alter the Right of voting for Right of voting Members to serve in Parliament, in respect of such Lands, or to vary or alter the Payment of the Tax " commonly called the Cess or Land Tax.

XVII. And whereas the Jurisdiction in Capital Cases, that was heretofore granted to many Heretors or Proprietors of Lands within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whose Lands were erected by the Crown into Baronies, or granted cum fojja et Furca, or with Power of Pit and Gallows, or with the like Words, importing such Capital Jurisdiction, hath been long discontinued or fallen into disuse, as to the Exercise thereof, and it is now unnecessary and improper that the Right or Title of such Jurisdiction Barons should be any longer retained: And whereas it is also reasonable that some further Regulation

and Payment of Land Tax, not to be altered.

the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord Barons, C to one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, no Heretor or Proprietor of Lands within Scotland, which had hava no juris been erected into a Barony, or granted with other lower Jurisdiction, or their Baillies, shall, by virtue ytycafiy," thereof, have, exercise or enjoy any Jurisdiction whatsoever in Capital Cases; and that no such Baron, or pt. criminal other Heretor of Lands, infeoftt cum Curiis, or their Baillies, shall, by virtue thereof, have exercise, oren caufy, except joy any Jurisdiction in any Criminal Cause whatsoever, other than Assaults, Batteries and smaller Crimes, Assaults, C for which the Punishment to be inflicted shall only be by a Fine not exceeding twenty Shillings Sterling, or by setting the Delinquent in the Stocks, for any Time not exceeding three Hours, in the daytime; which Fine shall he levied by Distress or Poynding of the Goods of the Delinquent; and in Default of such di stress, by Imprisonment of his or her Person for any Time not exceeding the Space of one Month; and nor in c'vil that as to Civil Causes, it shall not be lawful or competent, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of" '

March for any such Baron or Hereior, or their Baillies, to hold Plea, or judge in any Cause whee the Debt or where the fium Damages shall exceed the Sum of forty Shillings Sterling, other than for recovering and uplifting from the shall exceed 40s. vastals, Tenants or Possessors of the Lands and Heretages of such Baron or Heretor, the Mails and Duties, except in reco or Rents and Profits thereof, or for Recovery of Multures or Services payable or preffable to their Mills; vering Kents and and in all other Civil Causes it shall not be lawful for such Courts to judge in Cales of higher Value than Dutlcf> the Sum aforesaid, by virtue of any Prorogation of the Jurisdiction, or Consent of the Parties litigant, for that purpose; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that every Decree, Sentence, Judgement and Proceeding by or before any such Baron, Heretor, or their Baillies, contrary to this Act, Hull be absolutely void and null to all intents and Purposes whasoever.

C. 43.

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

A.D. 1747.

Heretors pofic f

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Baron or other Heretor Ttd of Lands in Scotland, who shall lie entitled to, or possessed of any Criminal Jurhdidlion, not hereby abro

hereby^taken"01 gated or taken away, shall and is hereby required to enter in a Book, to be kept by the Sheriff Clerk of

away, to enter the County within which his Lands lie (which Books the said Sheriff Clerks are hereby authorised and re with the Sheriffs quired to keep for that Purpose) the House, Room or Place which fuc'n Baron or Heretor hath provided or Clerks, the Place appropriated, or shall provide or appropriate, for being used as a Prison, for rendering effectual the juris approdnated for d1(j)jon competent to him by Law; and it shall not be lawful to such Baron or Heretor, or his Baillie, to cause any Person to be imprisoned in any other Room or Place than what shall be so entered; and every such House, Room or Place shall be so situated, and have such Windows or Grates open to jr.spection

from without, as that it may be practicable for any Friend of the Party imprisoned, to vifir, see and converse

with the Prisoner, when he shall be so minded; and that every such Bai; on or Heretor shall, for every Offence against this act, forfeit the Penalty of twenty Pounds Sterling, with Costs, to the Party injured; and that all and every the Sheriffs of Shires, and Stewarts of Stewartries, not hereby abrogated or taken Sheriffs to inspect away, or their Deputies, within Scotland, shall, and they are hereby required to visit and inspect all such the Prisons, and Houses, Places or Rooms, as shall be so entered as Prisons, and to disallow and prohibit the Use of the same, Ui allow such as in case they shall appear to the said Sheriffs or Stewarts, or their Deputies respectively, to be Places grievousve grievous, cor unhealthy, or not agreeable to the Regulations herein before enacted.

None to be com

XIX. Provided always, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March no Person shall be ht, r'" committed to Prison for Custody, in order to Trial, for any Assaults, Batteries and smaller Crimes, without a Warrant or Order in Writing, expressing the particular Cause for which such Person is imprisoned; Warrant or Order shall be entered at large in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; extras thereof shall be transmitted every six Months to the Sheriff' or Stewart Court of the County or Stewartry, in which such Warrant or Order shall issue or be executed, there to remain on Record.

XX. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every Heretor and Proprietor of Lands in Scotland, entitled by his Infeftments, or any of them, to any Fair or Market, to have and exercise such ju rifditftion as is competent to him by Law, for preferring the Peace, determining Controversies, and re ffraining or correcting Riots, Trespasses or Disorders which may arise, orb committed within any such Fair or Market during the Continuance thereof; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided also, That every Heretor or Proprietor of Lands in Scotland, within which any coal works or saltworks, or Mines of any Kind, are or shall be carried on, shall! and may be at Liberty to exercise such Power and jurisdiction, as is competent to him by Law, over the Colliers or Salters, or other Workmen employed in carrying on such coal works, saltworks or Mines; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided always, That the Power and Jurisdiction hereby reserved to the Proprietors of Fairs or Markets, and of coal works, Saltworks and Mines, or any of them, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to continue or reserve to them, or any of them, any Power or Jurisdiction of trying, judging or determining in any Case whatsoever, inferring the Loss of Life or Demembration; but that all such jurisdiction and Power of trying, judging and determining, in any Case inferring the Loss of Life, or Demembration, shall be, and is hereby, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, wholly taken away and abrogated.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Baillie or other Person

shall, after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, officiate ns Judge in any baron's or other Court, for executing such jurisdiction as aforesaid, without first qualifying himself, by taking the Oaths appointed by Law to be taken by Persons in Offices of public Trust, and causing a Certificate of his having done so to be entered or registered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerks of the Shires, Stewartries or Boroughs, where such Person shall reside > if any Person, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, shall presume to at or officiate as Judge in any such

Court of Barony, or such other Courts as aforesaid, without having taken the said Oaths, and causing the

Certificate of his having duly taken the same, to be registered as is above directed, every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted before any two or more Justices of the Peace, or before any other

Penalty 101. Judge competent of the Place, summarily, shall, for such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds Stored Months im ling; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of

prisonment. such Person who shall give Information of the said Offence; and shall fuller Imprisonment for the Space of six Months, unless or until the same he paid.

juris.liainns of

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who Baronies, C Aral! appear to have been lawfully possessed, on the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven reierved. hundred and forty-eight, of any such Judiciary, Regality or other jurisdiction hereby abrogated, shall,

from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, retain such jurisdiction of Barony, or other lower ju rifdicffion, as inch Person or Persons would have hern entitled to, in case such justic ary. Regality or other Jurisdiction hereby abrogated, had never been ereiffed, granted or exiffed; such lower Jurisdiction nevertheless being always subject to the Regulations hereby enacted concerning the like lower Jurisdictions, throughout that Part of the Kingdom.

appropriated for a Prison.

None to be imprisoned in unentered Places, l'rifon to have Windows open tolnfpection, C Penalty 20 1

ler Crimes but by Warrant, ex, the Cause, See. Exfrafts lo be transmitted to the Sheriff. Jurisdictions of Fairs and Markets jeferved.

Juvifdiftions of coal works, saltworks or Mines reserved.

Jurisdictions of Fairs, coal works, Sec, reserved, not to extend to Life, or Demembration.

Judges in Barons or other Courts to take the Oaths,

end register a Certificate.

Letters Patent, Arc. for uniting or crestinglands into Baronies to grant Jurisdic

to

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Letters Patent, Charter or Grant; be made or granted by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, at any Time after the fixcli Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, for the uniting or erecting any Lands or Tenements within that Part of Great Britain tionsonlv for the called Scotland, into a Barony, Lord 111 ip or Earldom, or under any other Denomination whatsoever, or for rents'3nd°d annexing any Lands or Tenements in Scotland to any Barony, Lordship or Earldom, or other diffriib of the

xks'&c.n U" hkc Nature, under any denomination whatsoever heretofore granted or credited, shall be sufficient or available

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

C 43. 65

able in Lav to pass, grant or convey to the Grantee or Grantees therein named, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, any greater or other Jurisdiction, than for recovering and uplifting from the Vafi als,

Tenant or Poireil or of the Lands and Heretages of the proprietor of such Barony, Lordship or earldom, the Mails and Duties, or Rents and Profits thereof, or for Recovery of the Multures or Services payable or prestable to their Mills; and that all Letters Patent, Charters, Gifts and Grants of any of the Premises, Gnnt cento be made contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be, and they are hereby enabled and '/jy toi1tii'3 declared to be null and void.

XXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be jurisdictions construed to extend, to take away, extinguish or prejudice any Jurisdiction or Privilege, by Law veiled in or tftedin Royal

competent to the Corporation or Community of any Royal Borough in Scotland, and that all such Juris Boroughs re dibtions, Privileges and Immunities as are by Law veiled in or competent to such Royal Boroughs, or any lemj* of them, whether within or without the Royalty of such Boroughs respectively, are and shall he saved and reserved entire to them, or any of them, in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made.

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall ex Cumuktire ju tend, or be conllrued to extend, to take away, extinguish or prejudice any Jurisdiction, Authority or Pri pwiflions veiled vilege, by Law veiled in, or competent to the Corporation or Community of any Burgh of Regality, or f 1"^turrg^sc°t11 g" Barony in Scotland, or to the Magistrates of any such Burgh respectively, which are independent of the ^ad'. C lord of Regality or Baron respectively, except any Power or Privilege of repledging from the sheriff's or Exception. stewart's Court, or any other of the King's Courts; and from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of

March, the Jurisdiction hereby reserved to such Corporation or Community, or the Magistrates thereof, shall he, and be deemed and taken to be cumulative only.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth cfk. ers execu 1 Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, in the Execution of Poyndings, within that ins Poindings, Part of Great Britain called Scotlandit shall and may be lawful for the Officer executing such Poyndings, ac^sirsam ic to carry the Goods poynded, or Samples thereof, in such Cases where the carrying of Samples is prablifed, tc°the marltet" to the Market Cross of that Iloyal Burgh, or Burgh of Regality, or Barony (as well such whereof the jurisdiction Crofsof the next is hereby abrogated or regulated, as those whereof the Jurisdiction is saved entire) which shall lie nearell to the Royal Btrgh, Place where such Poynding was inchoated, which shall be as sufficient to all Intents and Purposes, as if such

Goods or Samples as aforesaid had been carried to the Market Cross of the Head Burgh of the Shire; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And whereas it is reasonable, That some furtherregulation Should be made relating to the Sheriffs Regulations re Courts in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, 'Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That lating to Sheriffs there shall be but one Sheriff Depute, or Stewart Depute, in every County, Shire or Stewartry in Scotland, ', '4

not hereby taken away or abrogated, and that he shall be an Advocate of three Years Handing at the leall, oscers" 101*8 ° and shall, during the Space of seven Years from the said twenty-fifth Day of March, be nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by Warrant under his or their Sign Manual, with such Continuance as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors shall think fit; and that after the End of the said seven Years, the Offices of Sheriff Depute, and Stewart Depute, shall be granted and held ad Vitarnaut culpam alterci.lyi

only, with competent Salaries, to be ascertained and established for the Time of their Continuance; and Geo C 7-

that every such Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute, shall have Power to nominate and appoint one or more Person or Persons to abl as Substitute or Substitutes under him throughout the whole County, Shire or Stewartry, or within such Parishes or Difiribls thereof, as shall be expressed in the Commission of such

Substitute or Substitutes during his Pleasure, for whom he shall be answerable; such Substitute and Substitutes are hereby required to take and subscribe openly, in such Sheriffs or Stewarts Courts respectively, the Oaths appointed by Law to be taken by Persons in Offices of public Trull, to be there recorded, before he or they enter upon his or their Office or Offices; and that it shall and may be lawful for all Sheriff's Depute and Stewarts Depute, and their Substitutes, to hold their Courts at any Time in the Year, as well during the Vacation of the Court of Session, as during the Sitting thereof, without any Dispensation from the said Court; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and that it shall and may he lawful for the said Sheriffs Depute or Stewarts Depute, not only to hold the Hated Courts at their Head Boroughs, but also to hold itinerant Courts, at such Times and Places, within their respective Jurisdictions, as they shall judge to be expedient, or at such Times and Places, as they shall be di rebted or ordered by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by Warrant under his or their Sign Manual; which Sheriffs Depute or Stewarts Depute, are hereby required to cause Notice to be given, within a reasonable Time before such itinerant Courts shall be held; which Notice they shall cause to be published at the several Parish Churches within the Dillribt for which the same are to be so held.j and that every such Sheriff Depute and Stewart Depute, shall be and reside personally within his County, Shire or Stewartry, during the Space of four Months at leall in the Year and that it shall not be lawful for any Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute to advise, plead, or otherwise abl as an Advocate before any of the King's Courts at Edinburgh, or at the Circuit Courts, in any Cause, Civil or Criminal, arising within, or coming from his.

County, Shire or Stewartry; and that in case any such Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute shall not so rende, or shall so advise, plead or otherwise abl as an Advocate, or shall be guilty of any gross Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty, every such Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute, being convict.d of any such Offence, upon a Summary Trial before the Court of Session, at the Suit of his Majesty's Advocate for the time being, or at the Suit of any four or more of the Freeholders entitled to vote in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for such County, Shire or Stewartry, shall be deprived of his Office.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Sheriff?, Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, it shaller not 10 not be lawful for any Principal, or High Sheriff, or Stewart in Scotland, personally to judge in any Cause, K5'

Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 17

747-

Circuit Courts to be held twice a Year.

Judges to sit LX Days jt each Place.

One Judge may aft in the al fence of his Colleague,

The Western Circuit to take in the Shire of Argyll.

The Circuit Court to be held at Inverary for Argyll and Bute.

Persons aggrieved by Sentence, cof the Sheriffs Court,

in Criminal Cases, not inferring loss of Life or Demembration, or incivil where the Sum id not exceed, 2 1.

may appeal to the nexl Circuit Court.

Copy to be delivered to the re ipondenis.

Circuit Court to proceed in a summary Way in hearingappealsj and award Costs on Affirmance,

Clause relating to Appeals in Civil Causes in j'orcc for jo Years.

Appellant to give Security. Clerk of the Court answer! le for the Security.

circuit Courts not able to determine Appeal, to certify the lame lo the scf fion.

Act of 1663, extended to all Advocations,

Civil or Criminal, within his Shire or Stewartry, in virtue of such his Office; any Law or Usage in any ways to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, the Circut Courts shall be regularly held twice in every Year, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Judges thereof hall continue by the Space of six Days at the leaf!:, at each Town or Place where the Circuit Courts hull be held, for the Dispatch of Business.

XXXII. And whereas a Doubt hath been entertained, whether it be lawful or competent for one Judge to proceed to do Business in the Circuit Courts, when hi's Colleague happens to be necessarily absent, and the Justice General not to be present at such Circuit Court It is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any one of the Judges in such Circuit Courts to dispatch Business whenever it shall happen that his Colleague shall, through Indisposition, or other necessary Avocation, be absent, and the Justice General not be present at such Circuit Court; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the County or Shire of Argyll, and all the Blands, Places, Distribts and Bounds lying within, or 'subject to the Juri fdtblion of the Juliiciary now veiled in, or belonging to the Most Noble Archibald Duke of Argyll, shall be, and he deemed and taken to be within the Limits of the Circuit called the Western Circuit, or of such other Circuit or Circuits in Scotland, as shall be. appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, pursuant to the Power herein after mentioned; and that the Judges of the said Circuit or Circuits shall have and exercise the same Jurisdiction, Powers and Authorities within the said County or Shire of Argyll, and the Islands, Places, Distribls and Bounds before mentioned respectively, as in any other County or Shire within the said Circuit or Circuits; and that the Burgh of Inverary, being the Head Burgh of the Shire of Argyll, shall be the Place where the Circuit Court shall be held twice in the Year, for the Counties or Shires of Argyll and Bute.

XXXIV. And to the End that the Jurisdiction of the Circuit Courts, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, may be rendered more useful and beneficial to his Majesty's Subjects in that Part of the United Kingdom, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Party or Parties conceiving himself or themselves aggrieved by any Interlocutor, Decree, Sentence or Judgement of the sherilfs or stewart's Court of any County, Shire or Stewartry, or of the Courts of any Royal Borough, or Burgh of Regality or Barony, or of any Court of any Baron, or other Heretor having such Jurisdiction, as is not hereby abrogated or taken away, where such Interlocutor, Decree, Sentence or Judgement shall be concerning Matters Criminal, of whatever Nature or Extent the same may be, except all Cases which infer the Loss of Life or Demembration, or in Matters Civil, where the Subject Matter of the Suit did not exceed in Value the Sum of twelve Pounds Sterling, to complain and seek Relief again! the same, by Appeal to the next Circuit Court of the Circuit wherein such County, Shire or Stewartry, Royal Borough, or Burgh of Regality or Barony, or such Barony or Estate shall lie, so as no such Appeal be competent before a final Decree, Sentence or Judgement pronounced; and such Appeal, it shall be lawful for the Party conceiving himself aggrieved, to take and enter in open Court, at the Time of pronouncing such Decree, Judgement or Sentence, or at any Time thereafter, within ten Days, by lodging the same in the Hands of the Clerk of Court, and serving the adverse Party with a Duplicate thereof personally, or at his dwelling house, or his Procurator or Agent in the Cause, and serving in like Manner the Inferior Judge himself, in case the Appeal shall contain any Conclusion against him by Way of Censure or Reparation of Damages, for alleged wilful Irijullice, Oppression, or other Adalversation; and such Service shall be sufficient Summons to oblige the Respondents to attend and answer, at the next Circuit Court, which shall happen to be held fifteen Days at leall after such Service; and thereupon the Judge or Judges, at such Circuit Court, shall and may proceed to cognofce, hear and determine any such Appeal or Complaint, by the like Rules of Law and Justice as the Court of Session, or Court of Juliiciary respectively, may now cognofce and determine in Suspenlions of the Interlocutors, Decrees, Sentences or Judgments of such Inferior Courts; but the said Circuit Court shall proced therein in a summary Way; and in case they shall find the Reasons of any such Appeal not to be relevant, or not instructed, or shall determine again! the Party so complaining or appealing, the said Judge or Judges shall condemn the Appellant or Complainer in such Costs as the Court shall think proper to be paid to the other Party, not exceeding the real Costs bona fide expended by such Party; and the Decree, Sentence or Judgement of such Circuit Court, in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall be final.

XXXV. Provided, That so much of this Act as relates to Appeals in Civil Causes to the Circuit Courts as aforesaid, shall be in Force for the Space of ten Years, to be computed from the said twenty-fifth Day of March, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

XXXVI. Provided always, That wherever such Appeal shall he brought, such Complainer at the same Time lie enters his Appeal as aforesaid, shall lodge in the Hands of the Clerk of Court, from which the Appeal is taken, a Bond, with a sufficient Cautioner for answering and abiding by the Judgement of the Circuit Court, and for paying the Costs, if any shall be by that Court awarded; and the Clerk of Court shall be answerable for the Sufficiency of such Cautioner.

XXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Circuit Court shall, in cognofcing or proceeding upon such Appeal, find any such Difficulty to arise, that by Means thereof such Circuit Court cannot proceed to the Determination of the same, consistently with Justice and the Nature of the Case; in any such Case, and not otherwise, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Circuit Court to certify such Appeal, together with the Reasons of such Difficulty, and the Proceedings thereupon had before such Circuit Court, to the Court of Session, or Court of Juliiciary respectively; which Courts are hereby respectively authorised and required to proceed in, and determine the same.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Act of Parliament made in Scotland, in the Year one thousand six hundred and sixty three, entitled, Act anent the discharging of Advocations for Sums within two hundred Merks, shall from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, be, and

A.D. 1747. Anno vicesimo Georgii II. C.43, 67

the same is hereby extended to the Case of ail Advocations, in Causes not exceeding the Value of twelve in Causes not Pounds Sterling. exceejing.nl,

[His Majesty to

XXXIX. And whereas it will be for the evident Utility of the Subjects within Scotland, and for the more effectual Administration of Justice there, that the Circuit Courts should be held in some Parts and make Order for

Places in Scotland) to which the Judges, have not hitherto used to go Be it enacted by the Authority afore a new divi said, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by an Order to be made in and his or their Privy Council, to make a new Division and Distribution of the Circuits in Scotland, or any of circu?t°courts them, and to appoint and allot what Counties, 'Shires, Stewartries, Places, Diffridts and Bounds, shall be C '

comprehended within any such Circuit, and at what Times and Places the Circuit Courts shall be held

respectively for ever after; and such Order so to be made as aforesaid, shall be duly performed, observed and

obeyed; and the Judges, in such new Circuits so to be appointed, shall have, exercise and enjoy the same 'Jurisdiction, Powers, Authorities and Privileges, as by virtue of any Law now in Force, or by this adr are or would be competent to the Judges in the Circuits already established in Scotland, or any of them.

XL. Provided always, That Circuit Courts shall continue to be held at such Towns, as are appointed Circuit Courts t for keeping and holding of Circuit Courts, by an Act of Parliament made in the Year one thousand six hun he held in the dred and seventy two, entitled, 'Act concerning the Regulation of the 'Judicatories, or by this Add, but with out Prejudice to the Power hereby vefded in his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to diminish, augment or cot alter the Districts, for which such Circuit Court shall be held, pursuant to the Provision herein before made; and the court of Session in Scotland is hereby directed and required to take into their Consideration what Fees they shall judge reasonable, to be paid to the Clerks, or other Officers officiating in the Circuit Courts, or in the Courts of Sheriffs or Stewarts in Civil Causes, and regulate the same by one or more Acd or Adds of Sederunt, on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight; which shall be binding upon all Parties concerned, unless or until the same shall be altered by Act of Parliament; Officers Fees ta and the Court of Justiciary shall in like Manner take into their Consideration what Fees they shall judge rea bf regulated U sonable to be paid to the Clerks, or other Officers officiating in the Circuit Courts, or in the Sheriffs or anj

Stewarts Courts, in Criminal Causes, and shall regulate the same by one or more Act or Acts of Ad J ' ua journal, on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of March, which shall in like Manner be binding on all Parties concerned, unless or until the same be altered by Act of Parliament.

XLI. And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that the Regulation concerning Trials in the Regulation of Court of Jufdiciary in Scotland, introduced by the fourth Add of the Parliament of Scotland, held in the Trials in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety five, entitled, Act anent the Justice Court, is unnecessary and in Court of Jufii 6 convenient, 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Add as diredds, an

that after the Debate of the Relevancy is ended, the king's. Advocate or Advocates, or Procurators for the ° re" Pursuer, and for the pann.el respectively, shall give in to the Clerk Informations in Writing, to be recorded P' in the Books of Adjournal, to be read in open Court at advising, be and is hereby repealed; and that in Regulations io Place thereof, and of the ancient Use and Custom observed in that Court of Advocates or Procurators be observed in dictating, and the Clerks writing of the Debate on the Relevancy, which Use and Custom is by the said Add ^7^ thoi? discharged and laid nfide, the Pannel shall give in to the Clerk of the Court the Day before the Trial, in Writing, subscribed by the pannel, or one of his Procurators, such Account of the Facts, relating to the Matters charged upon him in the Libel or Indictment, and thereto briefly subjoin the Heads of such Objections or Defences, as be shall think fit or be advised to make at his Trial, and that after the Debate on the Relevancy, viva voce, the Minutes whereof shall be taken down, or made up in the same Manner in the Jufdiciary Court at Edinburgh, as is now praddifed at the Circuit Courts, or in the Court of Session, it shall be lawful for the Court forthwith to pronounce their Interlocutor upon the Relevancy, and to proceed to the Trial, or to adjourn their Interlocutor upon the Relevancy, or the Trial, to a further Dayas they shall see Catife,

XLII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Jufdiciary, in the Trial of Rules to be ob any Crimes or Offences, other than High Treason, to direct by a special Order for that Purpose, in such fetved by the Cases as for their Difficulty or Importance shall appear to require such Direction, that Informations in Wri Justic, ay, be given in by the Procurators for the Pursuer and the Pannel respectively, in any Part of the Trial where Questions of such Difficulty shall occur, whether, after the Debate on the Relevancy of the Libel, cur. 11 C J^or of the Defences, or on the Import of a Special Verdidd, or on the Degree of Punishment, or Extent of the Pains of Law for the Crime libelled, or upon any Matters that shall be alleged for the Pannel before Judgement.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth sheriff's Fines Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, no Fines, Forfeitures abolished. or Penalties, set, imposed or recovered in the sheriff's or stewart's Court of any County, Shire or stew nrtry in Scotland, shall accrue, go or belong to the Sheriff or Stewart, or any Sheriff Depute or Stewart Judges Fines to Depute, but all Shares of such Fines, Forfeitures and Penalties, as heretofore went to the Judge, shall ac beC111 lnt0 till! crue and belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall be accounted for, and paid Into the Exchequer of Edinburgh, in like Manner, and the like Process, Rules, Orders and Methods of Proceeding, w'

shall be ifiucd, observed and used for levying the same, and compelling the accounting for, bringing in and inge. paying the same.into the said Exchequer, as are now competent by Law for the accounting for, levying, bringing in and paying into the said Exchequer any Fines, Forfeitures and Penalties accruing or becoming due to his Majesty; that from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, no Fees, Poundage or sent'ci: ', ilont Profits, commonly called sentence money, shall be received, taken or demanded by any Sheriff or Stewart, 301 C

Sheriff depute or Stewart Depute, or any of their Ministers, Officers or Clerks, but all such Fees, Poundage or Profits, commonly called sentence money, are hereby utterly taken away, discharged and abolished;

Law, Custom, Gift, Grant, Usage or Practice to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Bay Agents, C to of September one thousand fcvion hundred and forty seven, it shall not be lawful forarjy Per soil whatsoever in take the Oaths.

K 1'Scotland

C 44. Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1747".

f.r.tu\nei iy si otland to act as a Writer, Agent or Solicitor, or to manage, agent or solicit any Cause or Business in the 21.Y.V, C Court of Session, Court of Justiciary (whelher at Edinburgh, or in the Circuit Courts) or in the Court of j/u, 16. Exchequer, until such Person shall have first taken and subscribed the Oaths in the Court of Session or Justi

- or in one of the Sheriffs or Stewarts Courts, appointed by Law to be taken by Persons in Offices,

Civil or Military, in Scotland, and caused a Certificate of his having so done to be entered or registered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose in the respective Courts, where any such Person hall so officiate; and it hall not be lawful for any Person whatsoever to act or officiate as a Procurator, Writer, Agent or Solicitor, or to plead, manage, agent or solicit any Cause or Business in the Court of any Sheriff or Stewart in Scotland, or any other Inferior Court, until such Person hall have first taken and subscribed the said Oaths as aforesaid, and caused a Certificate thereof to be registered in such Court or Courts where he hall officiate as aforesaid; Law, Custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.; and every such Court shall be oblige rents acting ged, upon Demand of such Persons, to administer and register such Oaths respectively: every Person

without having who hall, after the said twenty-ninth Day of 'September one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, aft.in

taken the Oaths, [yjanner abovementioned in any of the Courts aforesaid, without having first taken and subscribed the said Oaths, and caused a Certificate thereof to be registered as herein directed, shall, for every such Offence,

being thereof lawfully convicted in any of the Courts aforesaid, where the Offence hall have been commit. forfeit eo 1. ted, or before the Court of Session or Judiciary, upon a summary Trial, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of, or be committed, such Person who shall give Information of the said Offence; and shall suffer Imprisonment for the Space of So much of this flx Months, unless or until the same be paid.

RAS relates to

the Fczucr of afpealivg to the Circuit Courts in Civil Causes, is made perpetual by 3 1 Geo. 2. c. 42.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, to other Foreign Protestants who conscientiously lcruple the taking of an Oath.

1 w. & M.

ti.!. C IS,

03 Geo. 2. c. 7. ' II WHEREAS by an Act made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, entitled,

n Act for Naturalising such Foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America; it was enacted, That from and after the first Day of 'june in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty, all Persons born out of the Ligeance of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, who had inhabited and resided, or should inhabit and reside for the A Space of seven Years, or more, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, and should not have been

absent out of some of the said Colonies for a longer Space than two Months, at any one ime during the said seven Years, and should take and subscribe the Oaths, and make, repeat and subscribe the declara i Geo. i. C 13. ' tion appointed by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First,

intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, and the Successton of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguistnng the Hopes of the pre

Prince of Wales, his open and secret Abettors; or being of the People called Quakers, should make and subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity, and take and affirm the effect of the Abjuration Oath, appointed

8 Geo. i. C 6. ' and prescribed by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting the People called Quakers, such Forms of Affirmation and Declaration, as may remove the Dif: -1 culties which many of them lie under; and also make and subscribe the Profession of his Christian Belief,

appointed and prescribed by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King Will' MAM and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for exempting their majesties Protestant Subjects from thepenal tics of certain Laws, before the Chief Judge, or other Judge of the Colony wherein such Persons respectively had so inhabited and resided, or should so inhabit and reside, should be deemed, adjudged and taken to be his Majesty's natural born Subjects of this Kingdom, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as if they, and every one of them, had been or were born within this Kingdom: And whereas many of the

People of the Congregation called the Moravian Brethren, and other Foreign Protestants, not Qttalers, who conscientiously scruple the taking of an Oath, are settled in his Majesty's Colonies in America, and demean themselves there as a sober, quiet and industrious People, and many others of the like Persuasion are desirous to transport themselves thither; and if the Benefit of the said Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, were extended to them, they who are now there would thereby be 1 encouraged to continue their Residence in his Majesty's Colonies, and others would resort thither in great er Numbers, whereby the said Colonies would be improved, their Strength increased, and their Trade extended Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, all Foreign Protestants, who conscientiously scruple the taking of an Oath, and who are born out of the Ligeance of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, who have inhabited and rcfijed, or scruple an Oath inhabitant! reside, for the Space of seven Years or more, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in ai.erica, upon making and shall not have been absent out of some of the said Colonies for a longer Space than two Months at any and subscribing one Time during the said seven Years, and shall make and subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity, and take and affirm the Effect of the Abjuration Oath, appointed and prescribed by the said recited Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and also make and subscribe the pio session of his Christian Belief, appointed and prescribed by the said recited Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, before the Chief Judge or other Judge of

the

"Foreign Prote slunts Residents in America 7 Year, who

the Affirmation of Fidelity and Declaration:

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

C 45. 69

the Colony wherein such Persons respectively have so inhabited and resided, or ihaji so inhabit and reside,

shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be his Majesty's natural born Subjects of this Kingdom, to all Into be deemed tents, Constructions and Purposes, as if they and every of them had been or were born within this King" " dom; which said Affirmation and Subscription of the said Declaration, the said Chief or other Judge of u'jc !* every of the said respective Colonies, is hereby enabled and empowered to administer and take; and the taking of every such Affirmation, and the making and subscribing of every such Declaration, shall be in such Lists of Persons Manner and Place, and at such Times and Hours, and such Entries made thereof, and for the same Sees, taking the bene and under the same Penalties, as in the said recited Act of the thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign are fit, 10 be trans mentioned; and Lists of the Persons who shall take the Benefit of this Act, shall be transmitted to the Com of missioners of Trade and Plantations, in like Manner, and under the same penalties, as Lists of the Persons of °tracie! taking the Benefit of the said Act are thereby directed to be transmitted.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall he Naturalised to ft by virtue of this Act, unless such Person shall have received the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, in some 1 y ', cnij

by taking

the

Subjects, C restrictioas.

Protestant or Reformed Congregation, within some of the said Colonies in America, within three Months Sacrament, next before his taking such Affirmation, and making and subscribing such Declaration, and shall at the Time of his taking inch Affirmation, and making and subscribing such Declaration, produce a Certificate, Certificate and signed by the Person administering the said Sacrament, and attested by two credible Witnesses, whereof an Entry thereof to Entry shall be made in the secretary's Office of the Colony wherein such Person shall so inhabit and re oem3dei side, as also in the Court where the said Affirmation shall be so taken as aforesaid, without any Fee or Reward.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provisions contained in the said Act, Provisions of

made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, with Regard to Certificates of resider.ee, and ft613 Geo 2 of having made and subscribed the said Declaration, and taken the said Affirmation, and as to such Certifi ctnificaftt^&c cates being made Evidence in the Courts of Great Britain and Ireland, and also in the said Colonies, and extended to such all other the Benefits of the said Act, shall extend to Foreign Protestants, who conscientiously scruple the Foreign prote tnking of an Oath, and who shall be qualified as aforesaid. stantsr-

IV. Provided always, That the said Foreign Protestants shall enjoy the Privileges of natural born Sub privileges of jecls, and all the Benefits of this Act, and the said Act of the thirteenth Year of his Majesty's . Reign. natural.born

V. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That no Person who shall become a natural born Subject of this Kingdom, by virtue of this Act, shall be of the Privy Council, or a Member of either House of Parliament, or capable of taking, having or enjoying any Office or Place of Trust within the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, either Civil or Military, or of having, accepting or taking any Grant from the Crown to himself, or to any other in Trust for him, of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, within the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act, persons excluded or in the said recited Act of the thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign contained, shall extend, or be con from this or strued to extend to Naturalise any Person or Persons whatsoever, who by virtue of an Act made in the fourth >3 Geo. 2. year of his Majesty's Reign (entitled, An Act to explain a Clause in an Act made in the seventh Year of the Geo. 2. e. si. Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for Naturalising Foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of natural born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain) are declared and enacted not to be entitled

to the Benefit of the said Act of the seventh Year of her said late majesty's Reign, but that all such Persons shall be and remain in the same State, Plight and Condition, to all Intents, Constructions and Pur A poses whatsoever, as they would have been in, if the said recited Act of the thirteenth Year of his Majesty's geas'ot.' Reign, or this Act, had never been made; anything in this Act, or in the said recited Act of the thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Manufactures of sail cloth and Silk; to give further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contrasts of Clerks and Apprentices, and for better securing the Payment of the said Duties, and declaring that Prize Ships lawfully condemned shall be deemed British built Ships, and for allowing Prize Goods to be landed and secured in proper Warehouses, without Payment of any Duty, until it can be determined whether they are fit for Exportation or Home consumption.

n|t7hereas the Laws herein after mentioned, which have by Experience been found useful and beneficial, are near expiring, 'May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the to Anr.*, C js, better Encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain; which was to continue in Force for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, was, by an Act made in the fifth Year of his late majesty's Reign, further continued for the Term of seven Years, and5c«o. 1. c. from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the tenth V ear of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued for the Term of seven Years, i0geo. i. C 17, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March 3 Geo. 2. Ij, one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

45'

Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 174-7

j ^oeo. 2. C 35, Continued to X June 1754.

merit

and wiul II by another Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the In ft Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to

the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the.

ic

j to the End of the then next selkon of Parliament.

Exnii attonne thereof until the first Dav ofone thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and from thence

nuram j)uco. ', -- - e./n___v t>,i. J

again by 3 3 Geo. 2.

(Ilaufcsin sgeo. C,

xxgeo. lit, 29. 2 Geo. 2. c. 2s.

3 Geo. 2. C ib.5 Geo. 2. c. 35.

Continued to 7 June 1754.

Farther.onti- jiued by 26 Geo. 2. c. 32.' And. again by 32 Geo. 2. c. 23.

The two last 'Clauses in 9 Geo. i. C 2.

continued to 5 June 1754.

S Ann. C 9.9 Ann. C a 1.

xs Geo. 2. c. 22

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Clauses contained in an ast made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty (entitled, An act for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom \ and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for reducing the Duty upon beaver sins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves and Nutmegs, imported; and for Importation of all Firs of the product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only; and that the two Corporations of ajfurar.cc, on any Suits brought on their Policies, fall be liable only to single Damages and Cofs of Suit) relating to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, which were to continue in Force for three Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses were, by an Act made in the eleventh Year of his said late majesty's Reign, continued from the Expiration thereof for three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another act made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, were further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, were further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same are hereby continued from the Expiration thereof until the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the two last Clauses in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing some Laws, and reviving others therein mentioned, for more effectual preventing Frauds in mixing Silks with Stuffs to be exported, which said CL rules were by an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to continue in Force from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the ft; ft Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and are hereby further continued until the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And whereas by two several Acts of Parliament made and passed in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, certain Rates and Duties, to be under the Management of the Commissioners for the Stamp Duties, were charged and directed to be levied or continued, for or in respect of Moneys given, paid or contracted for, with Clerks, Apprentices or Servants, to be paid at such Times and in such Manner, and under such Penalties, as in and by the said several Acts are respectively mcn tioried, exprefiud and provided: And whereas by an Act made and passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of eight hundred tkcu fund Pounds out f the Sinking Fund, and for granting a Sum remaining in the Exchequer, arisen ly the Simp Ins of the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

Acts, and that several p<.rfo»s had, through Negligence or Inadvertency, omitted to pay the several Rates and Duties payable in that Behalf; and to have the Indentures or Contrasts llamped within the Times, for" those Purposes respectively limited by the said Acts, whereby such Clerks, Apprentices or Servants, and their Matters or Mistreffcs respectively, had incurred, and might be subjrft to several Penalties, Forfeit ures and Disabilities; is therefore enacted, That upon Payment of the several Rates and Duties so omit ted or neglected to be paid as aforesaid, on or before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and tendering to be stamped such Indentures or Contrasts so omitted to be stamped at the same Time, or at any Time before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, the same Indentures or Contrasts should be good and available in Law and Equity, and might be given in Evidence; and the Clerks, Apprentices or Servants therein named, should be capable of fol lowing and exercising their respective intended Trades and Employments, as fully as if the Rates and du ties so omitted, had been duly paid within the respective Times in the said former Acts limited and appointed, and the Persons who had incurred any Penalties by the Omissions aforesaid, upon Payment of such Rates and Duties as aforesaid, within the Time thereby before limited, were thereby acquitted and discharged from the said Penalties: And it was thereby further enacted, That after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, if any Master or Mistress should neglect to pay te said Rates and Duties for Clerks, Apprentices or Servants, within the respective Times, in and by the former

7r

Acts limited and appointed in that Behalf, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the same, every such Mafrer and Mistress Should, for every such Neglect, forfeit and pay double the Rates and Duties charged and directed to be paid and levied by the said former Acts, or either of them (over and above all Penalties and Forfeitures thereby inflicted) for all Moneys which should at any Time or Times, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, be given, paid, contracted or agreed for, with or in Relation to every such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant to be recovered, paid and applied in such Manner as is therein mentioned: And it was thereby further enacted, Thar if any Mafrer or Mistress of any such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant respectively, should neglect to pay the said Rates and Duties so charged by the said former Acts, or either of them, within the respective Times therein Limited in that Behalf, whereby the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by the said Act of the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, would become charged upon and be payable by them respectively; any such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant respectively, should in that Case pay or cause to be paid the Rates and Duties charged by the said former Acts or either of them, and also the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted and incurred by the said Act of the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, at any Time within one Year after the same should so respectively become charged, incurred and made payable by virtue of the same Act, as aforesaid (such Masters or Mistresses not having then paid the said Rates, Duties, Penalties and Forfeitures respectively, although required by such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant so to do) then and in such Case, it should and might be lawful to and for any such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, within three Months after such Payment of the said Rates, Duties, Penalties and Forfeitures respectively by him, her or them as aforesaid, to demand of his or her Master or Mistress, or his, her or their Executors or Administrators, such Sum or Sums of Money as was or were paid to such Master or Mistress for or in respect of such Clerkship, Apprenticeship or Servitude; and in case such Sum or Sums of Money should not be paid within three Months after such Demand thereof made, it should and might be lawful to and for such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant to sue for and recover the same, with full Costs of Suit, against such Master or Mistress, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Informa tion, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager at Law, or more than one Imparlance should be allowed; and every such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant should and might, immediately after Payment of such Rates, Duties, Penalties and Forfeitures as aforesaid, be discharged from his, her or their Clerkship, Apprenticeship and Service respectively, and from all Actions. Penalties, Forfeitures and Damages for not serving the Time for which he, she or they were respectively bound, contracted for or agreed to serve such Master or Mistress respectively: And it was there by further enacted and declared, That every such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, should avail him or her self, and have such and the same Benefit and Advantage of the Time he or she should respectively have continued with and served such Master or Mistress respectively, as he or she could or might have done, in case of any Assignment or turning over to any new or other Master or Mistress: whereas several Masters and Mistresses do still frequently neglect and omit to pay the said several Rates and Duties paya ble in that Behalf, whereby they have rendered themselves and their respective Clerks, Apprentices and Servants, subject and liable to several Penalties, Forfeitures and disabilitiesnow, for preventing the said Inconveniences, and for the better enforcing the Payment of the said Rates and Duties for the future.

Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Master or Mistress, who at any Time heretofore shall Further Tims have neglected to pay the said Rates and Duties for Clerks, Apprentices or Servants, shall, on or before given for pay the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, pay the Double Rates and ment of Duties Duties, directed to be forfeited and paid by the said Act of the said eighteenth Year of the Reign of his 'G; present Majesty, unto the Person or Persons to whom the same ought to be paid pursuant to the same Ad, dentures of and shall tender to be stamped such Indentures or Contracts so omitted to be stamped, at the same Time, or clerks and ap at any Time before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; then, prentice, upon and in such Case, the same Indentures and Contracts shall be good and available in Law and Equity, and Payment af dou may be given in Evidence in any Court whatsoever; the Clerks, Apprentices or Servants therein b e Dimes' named, shall be capable of following and exercising their respective intended Trades or Employments, as fully as if the Rates and Duties so omitted, had been duly paid within the respective Times in the said former Acts, or either of them, limited and appointed; and all and every Person and Persons, who shall have Penalties ir.cui -- incurred any Penalties by the Omissions aforesaid, upon Payment of such double Rates and Duties as afore by Omissions said, within the Time before limited, are hereby acquitted and discharged from the said Penalties; anything poa

in the said two former Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding. double Dutier.

V. And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one toufand fe

hundred and forty seven, if any Master or Mistress, who by reason of such Neglect as aforesaid, shall 0/d"uvpdudc3 become liable to forfeit and pay the said double Rates and Duties as aforesaid, shall respectively pay the said an[] Tender of double Rates and Duties unto the Person or Persons to whom the same ought to be paid in purlunr.ee of the thecontr.tfls u said former Acts, and also tender the Indentures or Contracts to be stamped at any Time within two Yeats beflamped »ith after the End or Determination of the Apprenticeship or Service of any such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant 'rh*£ tnf th" respectively, and before any Suit or Prosecution shall have been commenced for recovering any of the Pe appie' uice/h nalties and Forfeitures inflicted and incurred by the said former Acts or any of them, then and in i ich Case, r, c.r the Indentures or Contracts of such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant respectively, shall be good and available; he Cm'rafts to in Law and Equity, and may be given in Evidence in any Court whatsoever; and the Clerks, Apprentices be good, cor Servants therein named, shall be capable of following and exercising their respective intended Trades or Employments, as fully as if the Rates and Duties so omitted, had been duly paid within the respective Times in the said former Acts, or any of them, limited or appointed; and all and every Person and Persons, Penalties ir.rnr who shall have incurred any Penalties by the Omissions aforesaid, upon Payment of such double Rates and redforomifikns Duties as aforesaid, within the respective Times herein last before limited in that Behalf, shall be, and they '.'son

Payment of (^double Dtjrie?.

72

C 45

Anno vicesimo Georgii II. A.D. 174

Apprentice?, C payin; the double D Jties forfeited by their Matters, See,

to be reimbursed double the Sum paid in respect of such Appren* ticettiip, C with Cotts 5

and be discharg ed from their Apprenticefltip, if they require it 5

and to have the same Benefit of their Service, as if they had been turned over

Apprentices paying the double Rates where Prosecutions are commenced against their matte s, to be qualified to follow their Trade?, See.

See farther con cer tiing Indentures 3a Geo. 2. c. 23. Prize Ships to be deemed as British built.

are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from the said Penalties and Forfeitures; anything in the said former Acts, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Matter or Mistress shall, by reason of any such northeast glett as aforesaid, become liable to forfeit and pay such double Rates and Duties as aforesaid, and any such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant respectively, shall and do, at any Time after such Forfeiture incurred, either in the Presence of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by Writing under the Hand of such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant respectively, signed in the Presence of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, require his or her Matter or Mistress respectively to pay the said double Rates or Duties so incurred as aforesaid, and such Matter or Mistress shall not, within three Months after such Request, pay the same, and any such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant shall, at any Time within two Years after the Determination of his Clerkship, Apprenticeship or Servitude, pay the said double Rates and Duties so forfeited and incurred, and not paid by his or her Matter or Mistress respectively as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, within three Months after such Payment of the said double Rates and Duties by him, her or them as aforesaid, to demand of his or her Matter or Mistress, or his, her or their Executors or Administrators, double the Sum or Sums of Money, or other Consideration respectively given, paid and agreed, or contracted to be paid to such Matter or Mistress, for or in respect of such Clerkship, Apprenticeship or Servitude; and in case such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid within three Months after such Demand thereof made, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, to sue for and recover the same, with full Costs of Suit, again A such Matter or Mistress, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and every such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant so paying such double Rates or Duties as aforesaid, shall and may, immediately after Payment thereof respectively, and upon signifying by Writing under his or her Hand, that he or she desires to be discharged from his, her or their Clerkship, Apprenticeship and Service respectively, shall he accordingly discharged from the same respectively, and from all Actions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Damages for not serving the Time for which he, she or they were respectively bound, contracted for or agreed to serve such Matter or Mistress respectively.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That every such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, shall avail him or herself, and have such and the same Benefit and Advantage of the Time he or she shall! respectively have continued with and served such Flatter or Mistress respectively, as he or she could or might have done, in case of any Alignment or turning over to any new or other Matter or Mistress.

VIII. Provided always, that in case where any Prosecution shall be commenced against any Matter or Mistress, for recovering any of the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted and incurred by the said former Acts, or any of them, the Clerk, Apprentice or Servant of such Matter or Mistress respectively, shall pay such double Rates and Duties, at any Time within two Years after the End of his, her or their Clerkship, Apprenticeship or Servitude, and every such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant respectively, shall, upon Payment of such double Rates and Duties as aforesaid, be capable and qualified to follow and exercise his, her and their respective Trades and Employments; and the Indentures or Contrails of such Clerk, Apprentice and Servant respectively, shall be good and available in Law and Equity, and may be given in Evidence in any Court whatsoever; anything in this or the said former Aits, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas it is reasonable and fit that Prize Ships or Vessels, lawfully condemned, should he deemed as British built Ships or Vessels to all Intents and Purposes, 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Prize Ships or Vessels which have been at any Time, or shall he legally condemned, ill all, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, be considered as British built Ships or Vessels, and be deemed and taken as such, and shall be entitled to have and enjoy all and every the same Rights, Liberties, Privileges and Advantages in all Respeits whatsoever with British built Ships or Vessels, and shall! be subject and liable to all and every the Rules and Regulations that British) built Ships or Vessels are subject and liable to; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And whereas his Majesty's Ships of War and Privateers have, during the present War against France and Spain, taken diverse Goods and Merchandizes from his Majesty's Enemies, which have, with the Pri

found unfit for the Consumption of this Kingdom, and most proper to be exported to Foreign Parts, have been declared by the Captors for Exportation, and in order thereto, been continued in such Warehouses, under the Care and inspection of the Officers of the Customs or Excise: whereas some Doubts have arisen, whether the said Goods can be re exported by any others hut the Captors, or in other Ships than those in which they were taken and imported, or without first being entered and paying the Duties of Custom or Excise for the same and which in several Inttances amounting to more than the Profit that can he made by the Captors of such Goods, would deprive them of the whole Benefit thereof; and in many inttances, the re exporting such Prize Goods by the Captors themselves, in the Ships in which they are taken and imported, would be impossible; taken in Neutral Ships, being often condemned where the Ship is difebatged, and would in moult Cases be impracticable, as the Goods declared for Ex 4 portation are never anything near a sufficient Cargoe to lade a Ship to a Foreign Market, and the cr.p 4 tors not being Merchants, but Seamen, have no Houses Abroad, and are wholly unacquainted with Transactions of this Nature For Remedy of which Inconveniency, and for the further encouraging the making Captures from the Enemy, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods and

Merchandise

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

C 46.

Merchandise that have been, or shall, during the Continuance of the present War with France or Spain, Pnze Gads be taken from his Majesty's Enemies, and landed from on Board of any Ship or Vessel in any Port within landed, and put the Kingdom of Great Britain, and put into Warehotifes provided or to be provided, at the sole Expense ", to Warc"

f the Captors, with the Privity and Approbation of the Commissioners, or other Officers of the respectlloufcs>

five Duties of Customs or Excise, to which such Goods or Merchandise are liable, and under the king's

Locks, in order to be examined, to ascertain the Particulars and Nature of such Goods and Merchandise,

and that have, or hall, from the Landing thereof, continue and remain in such Warehouses, under the

Care and Inspection of the Commissioners or other Officers of the respective Duties of Customs or Excise,

to which such Goods or Merchandise are liable; and that within the Space of three Months after the Land up mdecl, ration

ing thereof, have been or shall be declared by or on the Behalf of the Captors, to the said Commissioners or i the captors

Officers of the respective Duties of Custom or Excise, to which such Goods or Merchandise are liable, to

have been or to be intended to be re shipped to Foreign Parts, shall and may, from time to time, and at them i r '

all Times hereafter, be exported directly from such Warehouses to Foreign Parts, in any Ship or Ships be may be exported

longing to his Majesty's subjects, either by the Captor or Captors of such Goods or Merchandizes, or by w, thou: paying any other Person or Persons to whom the Captor or Captors have under such Declaration for Exportation

as aforesaid, sold ordisposed of the same, or shall or may sell or dispose of the same for Exportation as |rg

aforesaid, without paying any Duty of Custom or Excise for the same, the Person or Persons exporting the cir.'fc alto Not,

same, giving sufficient Security before the shipping thereof, that the Goods and Merchandise that shall say:, tent of Duty.

be intended by him or them to be exported as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall not be re landed or Exporter to give

brought again into any Part or Parts of Great Britain, which Security the Customer or Collector of the Sccul lty

Port where the same is intended to be exported, is hereby directed and authorised to take in his Majesty's

Name and to his Majesty's Use.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to prevent the Return of such Rebels and Traitors concerned in the late Rebellion, as car«>w r, n have been or shall be pardoned ing into the Enemies Country.

have been or shall be pardoned on Condition of Transportation; also to hinder their go ^dp"f°a, L

C 13. 33 U. 8. r. 20. 35 H. 8. C 2. 1 Ed. 6. f. 72. 5 6 Eld. 6. C it,

El. C 11. 14 £/. C 3. 18 El. C j. 23 el.'c. 1. 29 el. c. 2, 7 V C 3 C 7. 7 Ann, C 21. 17 Geo. 2. c. 39, 20 Geo. 2. c. 30.

t Mar. jlaf 1. C 7.

13 & H^3- 3-

I Mar, pat. 2. C 6.

I Ann. Pat. 2, C 17.

it H. 7. r. r. 26/as.

1 £? 2 P. MC. io & 11* a a? 3 Ann, C 20. 6 Ann

WHEREAS, during the Time of the late wicked and unnatural Rebellion, and since, a great

Number of Persons who had taken up Arms, or were otherwise engaged in the said Rebellion,

were, by his Majesty's great Vigilance and Care apprehended, several of whom have been tried and con viefed of the said Treasons, and many conscious of their Guilt, have by their Petition implored hisma

jesty's Mercy, upon Condition of their being transported to some of the British Colonies and Plantations in America: And whereas his Majesty out of his great Clemency hath been most graciously pleased to grant his Royal Pardon to several of them, as well those who were so tried and convicted, as those who by their Petitions have acknowledged their Guilt and imp ored his Majesty's Mercy as aforesaid, and others may hereafter he pardoned on the like Application and Condition: And whereas it is thought expedient for the Public Safety, that all proper Means should be taken to prevent their returning from the said Colonies or Plantations, or going to his Majesty's Enemies; 'Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons to Rebelsreturning whom his Majesty has, or shall hereafter grant his most gracious Pardon for the said Treasons, or any of fralt1 Tr?'*, f'0'r" them, on Condition of their being transported to some of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, Licence ut fh. ll, without the Licence of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, under his or their Privy Seal or Sign Manual for that Purpose, or some other lawful Cause, return, or come into, or be at large in any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, or voluntarily go into or continue in any Part of the Dominions of the French King, or voluntarily or the King of Spain, in Europe, America or elsewhere, he, she or they so returning or coming into, or be goingintofrance ing in any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, as aforesaid, or who shall voluntarily go into or continue in any orspaln»

Part of the Dominions of the French King, or King of Spain, shall not only have no Benefit of such Pardon, but shall be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death, and forfeit as in Cases of Felony, without Bene to Suffer Death fit of Clergy. _'without clew

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons whatsoever. Aiders of Per shall knowingly aid or assist any such Person or Persons so pardoned or to be pardoned, on Condition offons returning, Transportation as aforesaid, in his, her or their unlawful returning or coming into, or becoming or being

at large in Great Britain or Ireland, or in going into or continuing in any of the Dominions of the French King, or the King of Spain, without such Licence or other lawful Cause, such Person or Persons so offending Inal] be guilty of Felony, and suffer Death and forfeit as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. to buffer Death,

III. And in case any Person or Persons so pardoned or to be pardoned as aforesaid, shall unlawfully go into or continue in any of the Dominions of the French King, or the King of Spain, Be it further emitted

by the Authority aforesaid, That in such Case, if any of the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or Succef Subjects holding fors (except such Person or Persons as shall be licensed for that Purpose by his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, under his or their Sign Manual or Privy Seal) shall within this Realm or without, knowingly hold, into France" entertain or keep any Intelligence or Correspondence in Person, or by Letters, messages or otherwise, or Spam, with any of the said Persons who shall have so gone into or continued in any of the Dominions of the French King, or the King of Spain, or with any Person or Persons employed by him, 'her or them, know rr Persons em ing such Person or Persons to be so employed, such Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, plcbedby ffiem,

to fufiei de th &c.

Oiiences whete to be u*ed.

Oorflmander of ship to deliver within a Week a List of the Performs transported, to the Naval Officer.

List to be hung up in the Cull cm house.

Persons offending

to forfeit 501. Pistribution of the Forfeitures.

Indictments to be within 2 Years after the Often CC

shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and hall suffer Death and forfeit as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Offences made Felony by this Act, Avail and may be inquired of, examined, tried and determined in the Court of King $ Bench in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in the High Court of Justiciary in that Part of Great Britain called Scot Iind respectively, or in any County of this Realm, in such Manner and Form as if the Fast had been therein committed, or within any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, within which any such Offence shall be committed, or in any County of Ireland, in case any such Offence shall be committed within that Kingdom.

V. And in order that all Persons in the Colonies or Plantations to which the said Offenders shall be transported, may have Notice of the Persons who are or shall be so pardoned and transported. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within the Space of one Week after any of the said Persons shall be transported or brought to any such Colonies or Plantations, the Naval Officer or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port whither they shall be brought, shall have and receive from the Master or Commander of the Ship in which they shall be brought, a true List, signed by such Officer or Commander, of the Names and Additions of the Persons so transported; which List shall be hung or setup in the public customhouse of such Port, there to be fecn, read and copied by all Persons, without any Fee or Reward; and in case the same shall be defaced, taken away or lost, a new List shall from time to time be immediately set and kept up by such Naval or other Principal Officer; and if such Master or Commander shall, after this Act shall be published in any such Colony or Plantation, refuse or neglect to give such List, or if the said Naval or other Officer shall refuse or neglect to put or keep up the same as above directed, or if any Person shall voluntarily deface or take away the same, being so put up, kept or renewed, or any List put up in such customhouse of Rebels transported, every Person so offending, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling for every such Offence; of which one Moiety shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, in the Colony or Plantation where the Offence shall be committed, or in the Court of King's Bench in England, or of Judiciary in Scotland, in case the Offender shall he found in England or Scotland.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, shall be convicted of any Offence or Crime made Felony by this Act, unless such Person or Persons shall be indicted for such Offence or Crime, within two Years next after the committing thereof.

CC 21 Geo. 2. c. 15. and 22 Geo. 2. c. 48. for regulating trials for High Treason in Scotland

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to continue several Laws for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed or written and printed in Great Britain, for preventing lfxactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; and for better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under Foreign commissions; and relating to Rice, to Frauds in the Customs, to the clandestine Running of Goods, and to Copper Ore of the British Plantations; and for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico, and for punishment of Persons destroying Turnpikes or Locks, or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament.

12 Geo. 2. c. 36. foi prohibiting the Importation of Books, cheer

AS the Laws herein after mentioned (which have by Experience been found useful and beneficial) are near expiring; 'May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (entitled, an Act for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed or written and printed in Great Britain; and for repealing so much of an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty fhtesn An ME, as impowers the limiting the Prices of Books) as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed or written and printed in Great Britain; which was to continue in Force from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, for and during the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session. of Parliament.

continued till 29 Sept 1754.

Farther continued by 27 Geo.

2 C js.* and again by 33 Geo. 2

16.

3 Geo. 2. c. 11.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the third Year of the lot preventing Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reviving and amending an Act made in the sixth and fe tuitions efthe vent Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, entitled, 1 An Act to prevent exac o ecu piers of tjons of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of 'thames Westward, and for ascertaining the uoon*s the c'u'i Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; 'which was to continue in Force from the first Day of May Thames, cone thousand seven hundred and thirty, for the Term of nine Years, and from thence to the End of the_ w. 3. C 16. then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign f 33geo, ic. is. _ j his

75

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

his present Majesty, far continuing several Laws therein mentioned, was further continued from the expiration thereof until the first Day of June which shall] be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred Continued till and forty seven, shall he, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the first*l'np !7<19' Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine. < See'geoj a

C 8, 1 rwbi; b repeals 6 7 W. 3. C is. and 3 Geo. 2. c. 11.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the fifth Year of the 5 Geo. 2. c. 29 Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reviving an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his fcr, ec mns lhc late Majesty King George the First, infilled, ' An Act for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects 'g'e0. X

trading thither under Foreign Commissions which was to continue in Force from the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign rjgeo. 2. C of his present Majesty, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, further continued from the Expiration thereof till the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; shall be, and the same is Continued tiil hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand fe z5 Marcl> w30* ven hundred and eighty.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the third Year of the 3 Geo. 2. c. 23. Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's Province j ".r importing of of Carolina in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in and

belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; which was to be in Force for five Years, from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; and also an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Ma 8 Geo. 2. c. 19. jesty, to continue the said Act, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty's Province of Georgia in America (which said Acts were by an Act rjgeo.2. C 39, made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to Continued tin the End of the then next Session of Parliament) shall be, and the same are hereby further continued from Jun the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and from thence to the End of then next Session of Parliament.^2. C

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Clauses in an Act made in the fatherty, 3

fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act againf clandefine Running of nncujlomed Goods, 2 C6 Geo. and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs, relating to such Foreign Goods, Wares Clauses in 5 Geo. and Merchandizes as shall be taken in at Sea, out of any Ship or Vessel, in order to be landed or put into 7 ntin Run' any other Ship, Vessel or Boat; and also relating to Goods nut reported and found after clearing Ships; and Goods

whereby further Remedies are provided against relanding Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, C

and Foreign Goods shipped out for Parts beyond the Seas; and also relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on Board Ships outward bound; and also relating to hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burden of fifty Tonnes or under; and also concerning the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall he exported; and also relating to Rum imported in Casks or Vessels not containing twenty gallons at the least; and also relating to Certificate Goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland, which said several Clauses were to have Continuance for the Term of three Years from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament respectively; by another Act passed in the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, were continued from the Expiration of the several and9Gco'11 C respective Terms therein mentioned, for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses by an Act made in the feeond Year of the Reign of igeo.a. C 2s. his present Majesty, were further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses by another Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further con - s Geo 2- C 21. tinued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses by another Act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further 15 Geo. 2. c. 33, continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall he, and are hereby further Cnf" inuc^ continued from the Expiration thereof, until the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty? 'anu from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

conn nued by 27 Geo. 18.* and again by^3 Geo. 2. c. 16.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the eighth Year of the s Geo. i. C is.

of the British Plantations to such Regulations

Subject; which was to be in Force for two Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; which Act (except the Clause obliging all Ships or Vessels to perform Quarentine) was by an Act made in the eleventh Year of his late majesty's Reign, further continued from the Expiration thereof, for three 11 Geo. 1. 0.23. Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act (except the Clause obliging all Ships or Vessels to perform Quarentine) made in the feeond Year of the Reign 2 Geo. 2. c. 28. of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffioij of Parliament; and which Act (except the Clause obliging all Ships or Vessels to perform Quarentine) was

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

76

8 G: o. 2. C 21,

15 Geo. 2. c. 33.

Continued till 1 June 174.7.

21 Geo. 2. C

33- b 3 ' Faither continued by 27 Geo. C xg, 'and

33 Geo. 2. c. 16.

7 Geo. 2. c. 18. for the free importing of Cochineal and Endue.

j 3 Geo. 1. c. 25. l4.Geo. 2. C 34.. Continued till 1 Juna 1754.

Farther continued by 27 Geo. 2. c. 18.* and again by 33 Ce 2. r, 16.

5 Geo. 2. c. 33. ior punishing Persons who shall pull down Turnpikes, &c.

8 Geo. 2. c. 20.

icgeo. C 33.

Continued till 1 June 1754.

Made perpetual by 27 Geo. 2. C i6.7

j9 Geo. 2. c. 35.

49*

A.D.

'47'

by another Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Act (except so much of the same Act as relates to Ships or Vessels performing Quarcntine) was by another Act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Year of the Reign, of his present Majesty, further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the End of the tiien next Session of Parliament, shall be (except so much of the same Act as relates to Ships or Vessels performing Quarentine) and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the f: id first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and foity seven, and from thence to the End of then next session of Pari iament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Revival of an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firs, entitled, ' An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal during the Time therein limited, 'and also for the free Importation of Indico; which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the firs Year of his present Majests Reign, entitled, ' An Act for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully

and maliciously pull down and destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways or Locks, or other Works

erected by Authority of Parliament for making Rivers navigable; 5 and also an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual, for punishing such Persons as hall ivilfidly and maliciously pull down or defray Turnpikes for repairing Highways or Locks, or other ivcrks erected by Act of Parliament for making Rivers navigable; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; which said Acts expired, and were afterwards, by an Act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, revived, and were to be in Force for the Purposes therein mentioned, from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, shall be and are hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and silty four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

EXP.

Time given to i Dec. 1747.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for declaring valid such Acts as have been done by Thomas Paulin, as one of the Principal Land coal metres of the City and Liberty of Westminster, between the twenty-ninth Day of September lafi: and the eighth Day of ivmember following.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed the last Session, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of

Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and fuel Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex, it was among! other Things enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty six, there should be and continue within the City and Liberty of Westminster one public Office, which shall be called by the Name of The Land coal me ters Office for the City and Liberty of Westminster; which said Office should, from time to time, be ma naged by two Persons, to be nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; which said two Persons so to be nominated and appointed, should be called and known by the Name of The Prin eipal Land goal metres for the City and Liberty of Westminster: And it was further enacted by the said Act,

That no Person or Persons should be capable of acting as one of the Principal Land coal metres, until he or they should take an Oath for the true and faithful Execution of the Office of one of Principal Land coal metres for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places aforesaid, as in and by the said Act is declared: And it was further enacted, That it should be lawful to and for the said Principal Land Coal metres, or any one or more of them, to appoint a Number of Persons to be Labouring coal metres within the said City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places aforesaid, to be stationed by the Principal Land coal metres, at the several Places and Times in the said Act for that Purpose mentioned, to menfure out 1 Coals, which shall, from time to time, be sold at any of the Wharves or Warehouses where such Labour ing coal metres shall be so stationed: it was further enacted, That no Person or Persons should be capable of acting as one of the Labouring coal metres, to be appointed as aforesaid, until he or they

should take an Oath for the true and lawful Execution of the Office of one of the Labouring coal me

ters

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

77

C 50.

ters for the said City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places aforesaid, as in and by the said Act is express ed and declared: And whereas his Majesty, on or before the eighteenth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty six, did appoint Thomas Paulin Merchant, and William Arnold Fishmonger,

to be Principal coal metres for the City and Liberty of Westminster aforesaid, and afterwards, by his Grant or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the eighth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and forty six, reciting the said Act of Parliament herein before recited, did grant unto Thomas Paulin and William Arnold the said Land coal metres Office for the City and Liberty of Westminster, to have and to hold the said Office unto them the said Thomas Paulin and William Arnold jointly and severally, together with all Powers, Privileges, Advantages and Emoluments thereunto be longing, and as are granted in and by the said recited Act of Parliament, for and during his Majesty's Royal Will and Pleahire: And whereas the said Thomas Paulin, fcon after his being nominated and appointed by his Majesty to be one of the Principal Land coal metres for the City and liberty of Westminster aforesaid, to wit, the twenty sixth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty six (which was before his Majesty's Grant had passed the Great Sea!) took the Oath required by the said Act of Parliament, for the true Execution of the said Office; and upon the twenty-ninth Day of the said Month of September one thousand seven hundred and forty six, entered upon the said Office, and put the said Act of Parliament in Execution, as one of the Principal Land coal metres for the said City and Liberty of Westminster: And whereas it may be doubted, whether the Acts done by the said Thomas Paulin, between the said twenty-ninth Day of September and the said eighth Day of November (on which daft mentioned Day ' his Majesty's said Letters Patent bear Date) can be justified by the strict Rules of the common-law; '

Therefore, for obviating the said Doubt, Be it enacted by the King's rr.oft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Act, Matter or Thing, done or commit Acts done fcv ted by the said Thomas Paulin, ss one of the Principal Land coal metres of the City and Liberty of West Pau, ln as minster, between the said twenty-ninth Day of September and the said eighth Day of November following, Pnncipf coa'* according to the Purport of the said Act, in his Duty and Office of a Principal Land coal metre of the said and

City and Liberty of Westminster, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be good and valid Acts; and Nov. 1746. de all Actions, Suits, Prosecutions and Molestations whatsoever, if any there be against the said Thomas Pau dared valid. lin, for or by reason of any such Act, Matter or Thing by him done as aforesaid, are and shall be discharged and made void by this present Act; and if any Action or Suit hereby discharged, or intended to be discharged, shall be commenced or prosecuted, the said Thomas Paulin may plead the General Blue, and give this Act General i.toe. and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit or forbear further prosecution, or fufrer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against him, the said Thomas Paulin shall recover his Double Costs, for which he shall have the like Remedy as in Cases where Costs by Law are given to Defen Double Costs, dants.

CAP. L

An Act for taking away the Tenure of Ward Holding in Scotland, and for converting the fnme into Blanch and Feu Holdings; and for regulating the Casualty of non entry in certain Cases; and for taking away the Casualties of Single and life rent Escheats, incurred there by Horning and Denunciation for Civil Causes, -, for giving to Heirs and successors there a summary Process against Superiors; and for discharging the Attendance of valtals at Head Courts there; and for ascertaining the Services of Tenants there; and for allowing Heirs of Tailzie there to sell Lands to the Crown for erecting Buildings and making Settlements in the Highlands.

WHEREAS it hath been found by Experience, that the Tenure of Lands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Ward Holding, and the Consequences of the same, being the Casualties of Ward Marriage and Recognition, have been much more burdensome, grievous and prejudicial to the valtals Proprietors of the Lands held by that Tenure, than they have been beneficial to the Superiors; '

Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Tenure of Lands or Heretages in Scotland by Ward Holding, whether Ample or tax tenureofwar&

edward, and the Casualties consequent upon the same by Ward Marriage and Recognition, be taken holdingtajcea

away and discharged, and they are hereby taken away and discharged, from and after the twenty-fifth Day a'v: 1y j

of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight; any Law, Statute, Custom

or Usage to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted, That all Tenures of any Lands or Heretages in Scotland, that are now held or lia converted into ble to be held of his Majesty by Ward Holding, whether Ample or taxed Ward, are hereby enacted to be elnchholding, turned into Blanch Holding, for Payment of one Penny Scots at the Feast or Term of whitsunday yearly, fi

petatur tantum, and as often as such Lands or Heretages shall fall in non entry, the same shall be no longer subject or liable to the annual Payment of the new Extent or Retour Duty of such Lands or Heretages, but instead thereof shall be subject and liable to the annual Payment of the Sum of one Pound Scots for every one hundred Pounds Scots, of the valued Rent of such Lands or Heretages, according to which they are now liable to pay their respective Proportions of his Majesty's Eels or Land Tax; and so proportionably for any lefier Quantity than one hundred Pounds Scots Valuation.

III. And in order to ascertain the Quantum of such non entry Duty, it is hereby enacted, That from For regulating and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, in all Services upon the Brief of Mortanceftry of any Heir die Ca(, lally of

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

78

C 5°'

A.D. 1747.

Tenure of Ward Holding held of Superiors converted into Feu Holding,

Court of Session

or Heirs in such Lands or Heretages as aforesaid, the Retour, over and above the setting forth the old and new Extent of the Lands, in such Manner as hath been heretofore practised, shall further set forth and express the Valuation of such Lands and Heretages as aforesaid, and the Proportion abovementioned of such Valuation, and no more shall be the non entry Duty of such Lands or Heretages, preceding the Citation in the general Declarator of non entry.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Tenures of any Lands or Heretages in Scotland, that are now held or liable to be held Ward of any Subject Superior, whether simple or taxed Ward, are hereby enacted to be turned into Feu Holding, for Payment of a certain Rent or Feu Duty in Money, Victual, Cattle or otherwise, yearly, in Place of the said Casualties of Ward Plolding hereby discharged, and of all Services, and shall be so confirmed, adjudged and deemed to be from the said twenty-fifth Day of March and for ever thereafter.

V. And in order to ascertain the Quantum of the Feu Duty to be paid yearly, after the said twenty-fifth to settle ihe Rc day of March, by the Tenants or vastals of the said Lands and Heretages heretofore held Ward to the compenfe, Superiors thereof. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the

Court of Session in Scotland, and they are hereby empowered and required to take into their Consideration, the Difference in Value to the vastals of the Change of their Holdings or Tenures from Ward to Feu hereby enacted, and what constant annual Rent or Feu Duty, payable to the Superior, will be a reasonable satis aml putlish an faction or Recompense for that Value or Difference, and thereupon to make and publish an Add of Sederunt, Act of Sederunt, which fit all be in Force, and observed by all the Subjects in that Part of the Kingdom, unless or until the same shall be altered by a future Act of Parliament; and according to the Rules prescribed in such Act of Sederunt, it shall and may he lawful for all and every the Superiors and vastals, or Parties interested, to settle and adjust betwixt themselves the Fen Duties to be hereafter payable in Place of the Tenures hereby and determine abolished or altered; and in case of Difference arising, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Sef differences in a fion, upon Application made to them, by Bill or Petition, on Behalf of or by any Subject Superior of such summary Way. Jjancjs or Heretages, or by the vastals or Proprietors thereof, summarily to determine the Quantum of the said annual Feu Duty, such as the Court shall judge to be a reasonable and equitable Recompense ro the Superior, for the Change of the Holding hereby enacted, after having heard both Parties, or summoned the Party called as Defender, upon twenty-one Days Notice; and whatever annua] Payment the said Court of Session shall so modify, shall be the Feu Duty payable for such Lands and Heretages as aforesaid, to the respective Superiors thereof, and all and Angular their Heirs and successors, and that yearly at tfhitfunday, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, when the Change of Holding is hereby enacted to take Place, in the same Manner as if Feu Charters had been granted of that Date to the respective vastals upon their Resignation, containing such Change of Holding, for Payment of the annual Feu Duties so to be modified.

Vaflais, 10t to

VI. Provided always, That until such Modification shall be made by the Court of Session, the Vassal shall diit's irmodi not ')e to incur any Forfeiture or Irritancy for nonpayment of the Feu Duties; and such modifier. fixation made. " on being made, shall be inferred as the Feu Duty payable for such Lands or Heretages in the future Renovations of the Infeftments thereof, by the present vastals, their Heirs or Successors.

VII. Provided also, That in every Case where the whole Lands or Estate so held Ward, on the said twenty-fifth Day of March, shall then land provided in life rent to any Person or Persons, in such Manner as by the Laws of Scotland now in being, would be exclusive of the Casualty of Ward, such life renter or life renters during the Continuance of his, her or their Rights respectively, shall not befuhject to pay the annual Feu Duties to be modified as aforesaid; the same during the Subsistence of such life rent Rights, shall be suspended, and shall commence and become payable to the Superior at the first Term of Tpfhitfunday after the Determination of such life rent Right; and in every Case where such life rent Right is not total of the whole ellite, the entire Ecu Duty so to be modified, shall, during the Subsistence of such life rent Right, be payable to the Superior by the Fiar or Proprietor, out of such Parts of the Lands or Estate as shall not be life rentld.

VIII. Provided also, That the Infeftments now landing in the Persons of any Vassal in Scotland, holding their Lands or other Heretages Ward, shall remain good and valid, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, so long as the Persons now infeft shall retain the same, or not be denuded thereof; and they shall notwithstanding, by virtue of this present A!, he no longer subjected to the Casualties hereby discharged, but shall be subject to pay the annual Blanch or Feu Duties rcipeclively, hereby provided to be payable in pla ce of those Casualties.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Tenure of any Lands or Heretages by Ward Holding, shall hereafter be created by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any other Superior or Proprietor of Lands, or other Heretages in Scotland.

Tenure of Feu 1 X And whereas there are certain Lands in Scotland held by the Tenure of Fat cum marita to, or cum Varitagio, ' with Clauses de non alicnando fine cmfinfu Superiorum \ It is also hereby enacted by the Authority afore c. taken away. said, That in all Time coming, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, the Casualty of Marriage consequent upon such Holding, and all such prohibitory Clauses restraining the Power of Alienation, be taken away and discharged; and it shall and may be lawful in like Manner as is herein before directed in the Case of Ward Moulding, for the respective Subjeiff Superiors, or Vafiltls in Lands or Heretages that are Court of Session held Feu cum Maiitagio, or_with such prohibitory Clauses as aforesaid, to apply to the Court of Session to

to modify ihe Recompense,

life re nted f.itates exonerd Led.

Infefimepts of vastals holding Land in Ward confirmed.

No Tenure of Ward Holding to be granted.

modify such additional Feu Duty by the Vassal, as they shall judge a reasonable Recompense to the Superior, for such Casualty of Marriage or prohibitory Clauses as aforesaid, hereby taken away and discharged.

C Anri txrhr»rpnc slip ( 'n Innlftpc r>f Rinodr nnj I ifp.rpnt Tvfrlipn tc rnnfpmipnt iinnn flit' Prorcf*; rminp.

XL. And whereas the Casualties of Single and life rent Escheat, consequent upon tli Casualties of tent by the Law of Scotland, for recovering Payment of Civil Debts, or Performance Single and Life have, by Experience, been found highly rigorous, and liable to be abused; '

Process covnpe of Obligations, Be it therefore enacted by the

mm Efdieats in authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, the Casualties of Single fi

chcat.

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

C 50.

79

cheat, heretofore incurred by Horning and Denunciation of the Debtor in any Civil Debt or Obligation, furred by horn and of life rent Escheat, heretofore incurred by Each Debtor so denounced, continuing for a Year and Denun day unreftored or unrclaxed, be, and the same are hereby taken away and discharged for ever; and that t°ken vl from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, no Single Escheat or life rent Escheat flrall become for att.ay_ feited, or be consequent upon any such Process as is before mentioned; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas the Methods of procuring Entry by Heirs, or Angular Successors or Purchasers of Lands in Scotland, that are held of Subject Superiors, heretofore practised, are tedious and expensive Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, it Heirs to, or shall and may be lawful and competent for any Person, who shall be duly served and retoured Heir to any of Purchasers of, his Predecessors in any Lands or Heretages in Scotland, and to any Person who shall purchase or acquire such L anj!*» Letter lands or Heretages from the former Proprietor or Vassal, who was duly veiled and seized therein, and who o^hornintmo lull obtain from such Vendor or former Proprietor, a Disposition or Coiweyance, containing a Procura charge ihe su tory of Resignation in Favour of such Purchaser or Disponee, to apply to the Ordinary on the Bills in perior to grant the Court of s-ffion for the time being, praying a Warrand for Letters of Horning, to charge the Superior, new Infeftment, of whom such Lands or Heretages were respectively held, to receive or grant new Infeftment to such Heir or Purchaser respectively; and upon Production to the Lords of Session of a Special Retour of the Petitioner or Party so applying in any such Lands or Heretages, or upon Production of a Disposition or Conveyance, hearing a Procuratory of Resignation in Favour of such Petitioner, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lords of Session, and they are hereby authorised and required to grant Warrand for Letters of Horning, upon fifteen Days, to charge the Superior or Superiors in the Lands contained in such Special Retour or Procuratory of Resignation, to receive or grant new Infeftment to such Heir, Purchaser, or Disponee respectively.

XIII. Provided always, That no Superior shall be obliged to give Obedience to such Charge, un efs the Fees to bepa: d Charger at the same Time shall payor tender to him such Fees or Casualties as he is by Law entitled to re to the Superiors ceive, upon the Entry of such Heir or Purchaser; and that it shall and may be lawful for every such Supe "P" Entry of rior to fnew cause why he ought not to be compelled to give Obedience to such Charge, by offering a Bill of lieue' C Suspension in the usual Manner to the Court of Session.

XIV. And whereas it hath been and may be found necessary for the public Service, to erect Build ings, and make Settlements in certain Places in the Highlands of Scotland, and in purchasing the Land upon which such Buildings are or may be erected, and Settlements made, a Difficulty may arise by rea fou of the same being Part of a Talzied estate be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Heirs of Tailzie it shall and may be lawful for any Person who is seized in, or possessed of, a Talzied Estate in Scotland, to flowed to sell fell, dispone or resign adpcrpeiv.am rernanentiam, any Part thereof, which his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue c^7n'°'6 cessors shall think fit to purchase, for erecting of Buildings, or making Settlements within the same; any Law, Charter, Tailzie or other Act or Deed to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, That the Moneys paid as the Price of such Land, being Part of a Tailzied Estate, Purchase money shall be laid out, and settled to the same Uses, and with the same Limitations and restrictions, as such 1'°w to be ap Land was settled before such Sale thereof as aforesaid, or applied for Payment of the Debts, if any such r'led* there be, of the Maker of the Intail, or other Debts that are cfteclual Burdens on the alzied Estate, not being contracted by such Vendor himself; and for that Purpose, the said Money shall be paid into the Hands of such Trustees, who shall for that Purpose be appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by Sign Manual, and the Vendors; which Payments shall be good Discharges to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of and from such purchase money; and such Trustees, and the Survivor and Survivors of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, shall lay out the same in the Purchase of other Lands, and settle, and procure to be settled the same, or applied for Payment of Debts on the same Estate, in the Manner herein before directed.

XVI. And whereas the infranchifing of Vassals of Subject Superiors, by causing them to become im mediate Vassals of the Crown, is a Matter of public Benefit which ought to be encouraged Be it thereof

fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person seized in, or pof m'^erej (a0te3 fefied of a Tailzied Estate in Scotland, comprehending Lands or Superiorities of Vassals, under or holding Sell the snperi of him, to sell to such Vassals, or any of them, the Superiorities over their respective Lands, at such Prices oritics. as the Parties shall agree for, and thereupon to resign such Lands for new Infeftment, to be granted to such Buyer of his own Superiority, which shall be good and valid; any Law, Charter, Tailzie or other Act or Deed to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided always, That the Moneys paid as the Price of such Superiority, or Superiorities, be Purchase mo ing Part of a Tailzied Estate, shall be laid out and settled to the same Uses, and with the same Limitations ney, how to and restrictions, as such Superiority was settled before the Sale thereof as aforesaid, or applied for Pay apl, lied ment of the Debts, if any such there be, of the Maker of the Intail, or other Debts that are effectual Burdens on the Tailzied Estate, not contracted by such Vendor himself, and for that Purpose the Moneys shall be paid into the Hands of Trustees, who shall be appointed by the Vendor of such Superiority or Superiorities, and the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively; such Trustees, and the Survivor and Survivors of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, shall lay out the Moneys arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands or Heretages, and settle, or procure the same to be settled as aforesaid, or such Moneys to be applied for Payment of Debts on the Tailzied Estate in the Manner herein before directed.

XVIII. And whereas the ancient Usage of the Vassals of the King, and other subject Superiors, being obliged to give Suit and Pretence, or to appear at Head Courts at certain Times of the Year, has of avafialadif long inte been useless, and therefore' ought not to be continued Be it therefore enacted by the Autho ehavged from rity aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, no Proprietor of Lands in Scotland, tending at

holding Head Conns.

8o

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

Valftls to attend if funnmoiled on Juries.

Powers of the Freeholders Head Court reserved.

Tacksmen discharged from all Services, See, not mentioned in the Tack, C

Services due to Mills lel erved.

s9 Geo. 2. c. 39.

Further Time allowed for the Ufa of the Highland Dress.

See 26 Geo. 2. c. 29.

Tailzied "efta^es may he sold to the Crown.

Power of granting Leases.

C

5

A.D. 1747.

holding of the King, or of any subject Superior, shall be obliged to attend, appear, and give Suit and pre fence by himself, or his Procurator, at any Head Court, or he liable to any Fine or Penalty, for Default of Attendance at such Head Court; any Law, Charter, contrah, Custom or ufa&c to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall exempt any Proprietors of Lands, being Vassals of the King, or any Subject Superior, from Attendance at any Court to which he is subject, being lawfully and specially summoned for that effect, to serve as a Juryman upon Trials, or for any other lawful Purpose whatsoever.

XX. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall derogate from the Powers now competent by Law, to the Freeholders assembled at their Michaelmas Head Court, which it shall be lawful to hold, anj for the Freeholders to act and proceed as formerly; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

And whereas it hath been frequently practised in Scotland, to let Lands to Tenants or Tacksmen

or expressing, over and above the certain Rents and Duties payable for the same, Services used and wont, or Services indefinitely, or other general Words of the like Nature, without specifying or af

the same; which Practice is liable to be abused, is productive of Disputes between Landlord and

Tenant, and subject to diverse Inconveniences Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first: Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, no Tenant or Tacksman of any Lands or Heretages in Scotland, by virtue of any Lease or Tack which shall be made in Writing, or by verbal Agreement, tacit Relocation, or otherwise, after the said first Day of July, or by Virtue of the Prorogation of any Lease or Tack made before the said first Day of July, or any Assignee of any such Lease or Tack, shall be obliged or liable to perform any Services whatsoever to his Heretor or Landlord, other than such as shall be expressly and particularly referred and specified, and the Number and Kinds thereof enumerated and ascertained in some written Lease or Tack, or by some Agreement made in Writing, and signed by the Parties thereto, or some Persons authorised by them; any former Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained relating to Services to be performed by any Tenant or Tacksman, after the said first Day of July, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Services by Law or Custom due to Mills, or any Matter or Thing relative thereto.

CAP. LI.

An Act to enlarge the Time limited by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the ]Jfe of the Highland Dress, to enable Heirs of Tailzie, Guardians, Tutors Curators, and Trustees in Scotland, to sell Lands to the Crown.

WHEREAS by a Clause of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more efivuual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and for more ejfcthtally securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for refraining the Vje of the Highland Dress; for further indemnifying such Persons as have ailed in Defence of his Majestys Person, and Government during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers of the Court of Juficlary in Scotland, for not performing the lori them Circuit in May one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and far obliging the Masters and Teachers of Private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, Tutors and Governors of Children or Youth, to tale the Oaths to his. majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to regi/ler the same It is enacted, That from and after the first Day, C of August one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, no Manor Boy, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, other than such as shall be employed as Officers and Soldiers in his Majesty's Forces, C shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, wear or put on the Clothes commonly called Highland Clothes; that cis to say, the Plaid, Philibeg, or fittle Kilt, Trowfe, Shoulder Belts, or any Part whatsoever of what peculiarly belongs to the Highland Garb; and that no Tartan, or party coloured Plaid or Stuff, shall he used for Great Coats, or for Upper Coats: And whereas the Provision made by the said Clause is very necessary to be carried into Execution, but the Time thereby allowed for that Purpose has been found too shortto the End therefore that a further Time and Opportunity may be given for paying due Obedience to the said Clause; it enacted by the King's most Pdxccllent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Time appointed by the lame Clause for the Purposes therein mentioned, as to all those who are not landed Men, be enlarged from the said first Day of August, till the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight; and that from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, the several Matters and Things provided and enacted by the said Clause he ftriiftly observed, and carried into Execution.

II. And whereas it may be necessary, for the Preservation of the Public Peace, and the further civi lizing of the Inhabitants of the Highlands of Scotland, that Lands should be purchased there by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, which Lands may be subject to llriift Tailzie, or belong to Infants, Pupils, Minors, Idiots, Lunatics, fatuous or furious Persons Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful for any Person, who is fciled in, or possessed of a Tailzied Estate in Scotland, or for any Guardian, Tutor, Curator or Trustee of an Infant, Pupil, Minor, Idiot, Lunatic, fatuous or furious Person, to sell, dispose or resign ad perpetuam Remanent Jam, the Whole, of any Part of such Tailzied Estate, or the Estate of such Infant, Pupil, Minor, Idiot, Lunatic, fatuous or furious Person, which his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, may think fit to purchasu for the Purposd aforesaid; which Lands so purchased shall remain in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, unalienable forever; except as to the Power of granting Leases for seven Years, with a Diminution of a fifth Part of the usual Rent only.

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

C 52. '81

III. Provided always, That in every such Case, the Moneys paid as the Price of such Lands, shall be purchase rr.oney laid out and settled to the same Uses, and with the same Limitations and Restrictions, as such Lands were to.l!e ap" settled before the Sale thereof, or shall be applied for the Payment of Debts that are effectual to charge such p le Tailzied Estate, not contracted by the Vendor himself, or the estate of such Infant, Pupil, Minor, Idiot,

Lunatic, fatuous or furious Person; the said Moneys shall be paid into the Hands of Trustees, who shall be appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, by Sign Manual, and the Vendor or Vendors

respectively (which Payments shall be good Discharges to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from such purchase money) and such Trustees, and the Survivor and Survivors of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, shall lay out the Moneys arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of

other Lands or Heretages, and settle the same, or procure them to be settled, as aforesaid, or the Moneys

applied for the Payment of Debts, in the Manner herein before directed; and till such Purchase can be

found, or Debts paid, they shall place out the Moneys, or so much thereof as shall be unapplied, from

time to time, as there shall be Occasion, upon good Security, at Interest; such Interest shall go in the See farther zi

same Manner, as the Profits of the said Lands, if purchased, should have gone. cn.z.t. 34.

CAP. LII.

An Act for the King's most Gracious, General and Free Pardon.

GEORGE R.

THE King's most Excellent Majesty having already showed his Royal Inclination to Mercy, by many particular Instances of Grace to such as had rendered themselves obnoxious to the Laws, and subject to the highest Penalties, by being concerned in the late unnatural Rebellion; and his Majesty being desirous of quieting the Minds of his Subjects in general, hath, upon mature Deliberation, resolved and determined to grant his general and free Pardon, in a large and bountiful Manner; not doubting but that, however it may be received by those who are obstinately bent on the Ruin of their Country, it will raise a due Sense of Gratitude in all who have been artfully milled into treasonable Practises against his person and Government, and preserve them and others from landing in Need of the like Mercy for the future, when such Clemency may not be so expedient for the public Welfare, as it would be agreeable to his Majesty's Inclinations; and hoping that all his Subjects, by this Ablof Grace, will be induced henceforth more carefully to observe the Laws, and live in a loyal and dutiful Obedience to his Majesty, therefore his Majesty is well pleased and contented, that it be enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament; 0ecj, n.; on of And be it enacted by the Authority of the same, in Manner and Form following (that is to say) That all his Mafdty's and every his Majesty's Subjects, as well Spiritual as Temporal of this his Majesty's Realm of Great Bri General and tain, their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, and every of them, and all and singular Bodies f ree Pardon to Politic and Corporate, and their Successors, and all Cities, Boroughs, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Hun11 Persons and dreds, Lathes, Rapes, Wapentakes, Towns, Villages, Hamlets and Tythings, and every of them, shall iahe b^re be, by the Authority of this present Parliament, acquitted, pardoned, released and discharged against the beljion. King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and every of them, of, and from all, and all Manner of treasons, Misprisions of Treasons, Felonies, treasonable and seditious Words or Libels, leasing making, misprisions of Felony, seditious and unlawful Meetings and Conventicles, and all Offences, whereby any Person may be charged with the Danger and Penalty of Premunire; and also of and from all Riots, Routs,

Offences, Contempts, Trespasses, Entries, Wrongs, Deceipts, Misdemeanours, Forfeitures, Penalties and Sums of Money, Pains of Death, Pains Corporal and Pains Pecuniary, and generally of and from all other Things, Causes, Quarrels, Suits, Judgments and Executions, in this present Act hereafter not excepted or foreprized, which may be, or can be by his Majesty in any wise or by any Means pardoned, and have been had, made, done, committed, omitted, perpetrated, incurred or forfeited, before and unto the fifteenth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty seven.

II. And also the King's most Excellent Majesty is contented, that it be enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, and be it enacted by the Authority of the same, That this his Majesty's Free Pardon His jvia eov* shall be as good and effectual in Law to every of his said Subjects, Bodies Corporate, and others before j. ree pa'rd0, tc rehearsed, in, for and against all Things aforesaid, and not hereafter in this present Act excepted and fore pxter.rf tn ail prized, as the same Pardon would have been, if all such Offences, Contempts, Forfeitures, Causes, Mat Persons and ters, Suits, Quarrels, Judgments, Executions, Penalties and other Things not hereafter in this Act parti Tilings notpar cularly excepted and foreprized, had been particularly, Angularly, specially and plainly named, rehearsed ' ei'

and specified, and also pardoned by proper and express Words and Names; and that his said Subjects, or any of them, the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of any of them, or the said Bodies Corporate, and others, before named and rehearsed, or any of them, be not, nor shall be sued, vexed or unquieted in their Bodies, Goods, Chattles, Lands or Tenements, for any Flatter, Cause, Contempt, Misdemeanour, Forfeiture, Trespass, Offence, or any other Thing, suffered, done, or committed, or omitted, before the said fifteenth Day of June open thousand seven hundred and forty seven, against his Majesty, his Crown, Dignity, Prerogative, or the Laws or Statutes of this Realm, but only for such Causes, Matters and Offences a's be rehearsed or mentioned in the Exceptions of this present Act, to be excepted and foreprized, and for none other; any Statute or Statutes, Laws or Customs h.retofore had, made, or used to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And the King's Majesty, of his bounteous Liberality, and by the Authority of this present Parlia penalties and ment, doth grant, and freely give to every of his Subjects, every of the said Bodies Corporate, and others fcriviu, r ie before rehearsed, and every of them, all goodsi Chattles, Debts, Fines, Blues, Profits, Amerciaments, niiuet. Forfeitures and Sums of Money by any of them forfeited, which to his Majesty do or hall appertain, by Vox. VII M reafoa

C

5

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

A.D.

1 747*

oranl's of for feitmcs, C

Persons not excepted may plead this AI, without Fee

clerk's See for entering the Plea.

His Majesty's Free Pardon to be construed in the most beneficial Sense.

Exceptions. Persons in the Service of the Pretender, the King of Spain,

andof thefrench

King.

Persons beyond the Seas, concerned in levying War j

or assisting in the Iravafion of this Kingdom, or in the late Rebellion

counterfeiting the Great Seal, Sign Manuel, or Signet, C in Scotland j or in counterfeiting the Coin, CC

or in bringing in false Moneys.

Offences sgairft XS Geo. a. C eg

Violations of the Privileges of Foreign Minifte s, Murders and other Offences.

reason of any Offence, Contempt, Trespass, Entry, mifdc meanor, Matter, Cause or Quarrel, suffered, clone or committed by them or any of them, before the said fifteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, not hereafter in this present Act foreprized and excepted.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That all Grants thereof, or of any Part thereof, made by any such as have so forfeited the same, and are hereby restored as aforesaid, and all Executions thereof, or of any Part thereof, had against any such, after such Forfeiture thereof committed or made, hall be of such Force and effect, as if no such Forfeiture had been had or made, and of no other, the same Forfeiture, or anything in this Act before to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every of his Majesty's Subjects, and all and singular Bodies Corporate, and others before rehearsed, may by him or themselves, or by his or their Deputy or Deputies, or by his or their Attorney or Attorneys, according to the Laws of this Realm, plead and minister this Act of Free Pardon, for his or their Discharge, of or for anything that is by virtue of this Act pardoned, discharged, given or granted, without any lee, or any other Thing paying to any Person or Persons for the Writing or Entering of the Judgments, or other Cause concerning such Plea, Writing or Entry, but only sixteen Pence to the Clerk or Officer that shall enter such Plea or Matter for Judgement, or the Parties Discharge in that Behalf; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And further the King's Majesty is contented and pleased, that it be enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this his Majesty's Free Pardon, by the general Words, Clauses and Sentences before rehearsed, hall be reputed, deemed, adjudged, expounded, allowed and taken, in all Manner of Courts of his Majesty, and elsewhere, most beneficial and available to all and singular the said Subjects, Bodies Corporate, and others before rehearsed, and to every of them, in all Things not in this present Act excepted and fore prized, without any Ambiguity, Question, or other Delay whatsoever, to be made, pleaded, objected or alleged by the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by his or any of their General Attorney or Attorneys, Advocate or Advocates, or by any Person or Persons, for his Majesty, or any of his Heirs or successors. Excepted and foreprized out of this Act of General and Free Pardon, alt Persons being on the said fifteenth Day of June in the Service of, or any Ways employed by the Person, who since the Death of the late King James hath taken upon himself the Style and Title of King of England, or King of Great Britain, or who have been in the Service of, or employed by the King of Spain, since the nineteenth Day of December in the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, being two Months after his Majesty's Declaration of War against the said King of Spain, or who have been in the Service of, or employed by the French King, since the twenty-ninth Day of April in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, being one atonth after the said French King's Declaration of War against his Majesty.

VII. And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Offences of levying the War against his Majesty, which began in this Realm in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, by any Person or Persons who has, or have been, or shall be beyond the Seas, at any Time between the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and the said fifteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred ard forty seven.

VIII. And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Offences of conspiring, carrying on, consenting to, assisting or being concerned in any Design or Proposal for invading, or procuring an Invasion of this Realm, by the Forces of the French King, or by any other Foreign Force, or for raising or carrying on a Rebellion within the same, committed by any Person or Persons who have been, or shall be beyond the Seas, at any Time between the said twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and the said fifteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven.

IX. And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Offences of forging and false counterfeiting the Great Seal, Privy Seal, Sign Manuel, or Privy Signet, the Seal kept and made use of in Scotland, in Things relating to private Rights or Grants which usually passed the Great Seal of Scotland before the Union of the two Kingdoms, the Privy Seal, or Signet in Scotland, and also all Offences of counterfeiting any of the Moneys current within this Realm; and also all Offences of clipping, washing, sealing, lightning, impairing, or other unlawful diminishing any of the said Moneys, by any Ways or Means whatsoever or in making or mending any Tool or Instrument to be made use of in Coining, contrary to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

X. And also excepted the Offences of bringing into this Realm, any false or counterfeit Money, made or counterfeited out of this Realm, knowing the same to be counterfeit, and uttering any such false or counterfeit Money; and all Misprisions and Concealments of any of the Offences before excepted; and all abetting, airing, comforting and procuring of the same Offences; and also all Offences against an Act made in the fifteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, entitled, An act for the more effectual preventing the counterfeiting of the current Coin of this Kingdom; and the uttering or paying of false or counterfeit Coin.

XI. And also excepted out of this Act of Pardon, all Violations of the Privileges of Ambassadors, and other Public Ministers of Foreign Princes and States.

XII. And also excepted all manner of voluntary Murders, Petty Treasons, wilful Poisonings, and all Slaughters of fore thought Felony, done or committed by any Person or Persons; and also all wilful Burning of Houses, or Stacks of Corn, or Barns with Corn in them, at the Time of such Burning; and all ard every the Accessaries to the same Offences, or any of them; and also all Offences, of setting Fire to any House, Barn or out house, or to any Hovel, Cock, Mow or Stack of Corn, Straw, Hay or Wood, or < f Shooting at any Person in any dwelling house or other Place, or sending any Letter without any Name subscribed thereto, or signed with a fictitious Name, demanding Money, Venison or other valuable Thing,

9 geo* X C

Majtfys

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

C 5 2.

or any Act made for the Conti

83

Majesty's Subjsdis, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justce, nuance thereof.

XIII. And also excepted out of this General Pardon, all Piracies and Robberies committed upon the piracies.

High Seas; and all and every procuring or abetting any such Offenders, and comforting and receiving of them, or any of them, and of receiving any Goods taken by the Way of Piracy or Robbery upon the Seas, as aforesaid.

And also excepted all Offences made Felony in and by an Act or Acts of Parliament made again! wiif i destroy the wilful calling away, burning or otherwise destroying any Ships or Vessels. ingshies.

XV. And also excepted out of this General Pardon, ail Offences committed or done since the twenty-fifth ounces against Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, against an Act made in the thirteenth Year '3 Car the Reign of King charj.es the Second, intituled, An Act for the establishing Articles and Orders for thee'9' regulating and better Government of his Majestfs Navies, Ships cf War and Forces by Sea; or against any Acts of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and against mu and their Quarters, other than the Desertion of such Offenders, who shall on or before the first Day of tiny Acts. November next return to his Majesty's Service in the Regiment, Troop or Company to which they did belong at the respective imes of such Desertion.

XVI. And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Burglaries, and all Robberies of Churches, and Healing Robberi;. any Plate, Utensils or Goods belonging to the same; and also all Robberies committed on any Person or Persons in or near the Highway.

XVII. And a'tfo excepted the detestable and abominable Vices of Sodomy and Buggery. Sodomy.

XVIII. And also excepted all Rapes and Carnal Ravishments of Women. Rapes

XIX. And also excepted all offences of Perjury and Subornation of witnesses, and endeavouring or conspiring to bribe or corrupt any Person to give false Testimony; the Offences of forging or counter feiting, and Solicitation of forging and counterfeiting any Fines or other Records, Deeds, Wills, Probates F

of Wills, or Letters of Administration, Eferipts or Writings whatsoever, or publishing or making use in Utej' Evidence of any such, knowing the same to be forged.

XX. And also excepted all Offences of forging and counterfeiting the Bills of Credit, commonly called Forging Ex exchequer Bills, and the tendering in Payment any such forged or counterfeited Bill of Credit, or demand chequer Bills, ing Money thereupon at the Exchequer or elsewhere (knowing the Bill lo tendered, or whereupon the

Money shall be so demanded, to be forged and counterfeited) and also all Offences of forging and counter Common Seal of feiting the Common Seal of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or tie Bank, and of any sealed Bank Bill, made and given cut in the Name of the said Governor and Company for the Bankfcc* Payment of any Sum of Money, or of any Bank Note whatsoever, signed for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or the altering or rafing any endorsement on any Bank Bill or Note of any Sort, Exchequer Orders, Lottery Orders, Lottery Tickets, or any Endorsement or Alignment thereof, or demanding Money thereupon, or the tendering in Payment, uttering, vending, exchanging, bartering or indorsing any forged Bank Bill or Bank Note, or demanding or receiving any Money thereon.

XXI. And also excepted all Offences made Felony by an Act of Parliament made in the Second Year of Offences cgslnft his Majesty's Reign intituled, An Act for the more cfedlual preventing and further Punishment of Forgery, Pet - z c5* jury and Subornation of Perjury; and to make it Felony to seal Bonds, Notes, or other Securities for Payment of

Money, or in and by another Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more cfedtual preventing the forging the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange, or the Numbers 7 Ge, C or principal Sums of accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills or other Securities for Payment of Money or Warrants, or Orders for Payment of Money, or Delivery of Goods.

XXII. And also excepted all Offences made Felony in and by an Act made in the eighth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act to prevent the Mischiefs by forging Powers to transfer Stocks, or to receive such Annuities or Dividends' cs are therein mentioned, or by fraudulently personating the true Owners thereof, and to rediify Mistakes of the late Managers for taking Subscriptions for in crcafing the Capital Stcck of the South Sea Company, and in the injlniments founded thereupon; or in and bone other Act made in the twelfth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for better securiv.g the 12 Geo. 1. Moneys and Effects of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, and to prevent the counterfeiting of east-india Bonds and Indorsements thereon, as likewise Indorsements on South Sea Bonds.

XXIII. And also excepted all Offences made Felony, by one other Act made in the fifth Year of his said 5 Geo. 1.1

S Geo. 1. C: z,

late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts; or in and by, Ge one other Act, made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent the commit 5

54.

30.

urn X ear or 111s present rviajeny s rxeign, intituieu, Jin sics to prevent we committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

XXIV. And also excepted all Offences in unlawfully and maliciously breaking or cutting down the Bank Breaking Eanks

or Banks of any River, or any Sea Banks, or setting or causing to be seton Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delph and fetiingon of Coal, or Cannal Coal, made Felony by any Act or Acts of Parliament. Fire Mines, C

XXV. And also excepted the Offences of forging and counterfeiting Seamens Tickets, or Authorities for Counterfeiting

receiving any Sums of Money due to Seamen; and the Offences of publishing, as true ones, forged or seamtmtickcts, counterfeit Tickets, knowing them to be forged or counterfeit; and also all Offences in forging, counterfeiting, or altering any Pass, commonly called a Mediterranean Pass, and publishing as true any such forged, and mediterra counterfeit or altered Pass, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeit or altered. ' nean Passes.

XXVI. And also excepted all Offences, Contempts or Misdemeanours (not being Capital) done contrary Contempts and to any Act of Parliament (other than using or causing to be used, any Craft, Myitcry or Occupation, by Misdemeanoir, any Person not brought up therein seven Years as an Apprentice) or contrary to the Laws of this Realm, for which any Action, Bill, Plaint, Information, Indictment or other Prosecution, at any Time within two

Years next before the last Day of Easter Term in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, hath been, or shall be found, commenced or sued in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or before

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

C A.

C 52.

A.D. 1747.

Felonies, con t rnpfs, and

Misdemsjnors,

j Geo. 2. c. 35,*cso, 2. c«34.

and other as for i'ecuring the Revenues.

reh ls who were po He fled of any Civil Employment, C for Life j and shall] claim the same.

Persons of the Name and Clan of M gr?gour*

Offences concerning the Highway, Src.

Imbezilling

Stores.

Forfeitures by Covenant, Scc.

Offences, See. by Officers of the Revenue,

by assessors and C'oilcolors of 'X'axes.

Quare Inopedit.

I net ft, Simony, Dilapidations.

First traits and Tenths.

Custom and Excise, Sc C

any Commissioners of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, Justices of Assize, or Justices of the Peace, and on the said last Day of Easter Term depending and ri mnining to be prosecuted, on which no Outlawry, Verdict, Conviction, judgement or Decree hall, on the fifteenth Day of Jwte one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, be had or obtained, and which have been prosecuted at the Charge of any private Person or Persons, unless the Defendant or Defendants, in such Prosecution or Prosecutions, shall pay to such pri' ate Prosecutor or Prosecutors, his or their Executors or Administrators, such Costs as the Court, where or before whom such Prosecution shall be, hall award to be paid to such private Prosecutor or Prosecutors in re Ip eft of the Charges of such Prosecution.

XXVII. And also excepted all Felonies, Contempts and Misdemeanours had, committed or done, contrary to any Act of Parliament (other than using, or causing to be used, any Craft, Mystery or Occupation, by any Person or Persons not brought up therein seven Years as an Apprentice) or contrary to the Laws of this Realm, for which any Person hath been, or shall be so far prosecuted, that on or before the last Day of Trinity Term one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, any Verdict hath been, or shall be obtained upon such Prosecution, or any Outlawry, Conviction, Judgement by Default, or other Judgement, Sentence or Decree, had, given or entered in any of his Majesty's Courts, or before any Commissioners of his Majesty, or any of his Royal Predeeeffors, within this Realm of Great Britain, or by the Commissioners of his Majesty, or any of his Royal Predeeeffors, for the Management of the Receipt of Excise, or other Duties under their Management, or by Justices of the Peace.

XXVIII. And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Offences and Misdemeanours against an Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws made for securing the Revenues of Customs and Excise; for enforcing those Laws for the future; And an Act of Parliament made in the nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or diffiuifed, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws, upon the Terms in this Act mentioned; and for the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; and all Convictions and Attainders by virtue thereof, or against any other Aftts of Parliament made for the paying or securing his Majesty's Revenues of land-tax, Customs, Excise, Inland Duties, or of the post office, Stamp D uties. Window and house tax, or other Duties, or for the preventing the Exportation of Wool, or the unlawful Importation, Landing, re landing, or Exportation of any Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, or for punishing or bringing to Justice Offenders against the Laws relating to the Revenues of Customs and Excise, and the Exportation of Wool.

XXIX. Provided also, That if any Person shall have committed High Treason, in levying War against: his Majesty, in the Rebellion which began in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, within this Realm, who, at the Time of such Treason committed, or since, was possessed of, or in titled to any Civil Office for Life, or for any Estate of Inheritance within this Realm granted by his Majesty, or any of his Predecessors, or claimed by or under such Grant, or to any Office, Place or Employment of and in any City, Borough or Town Corporate within this Realm, and shall claim to have and enjoy such Office, Place or Employment, it shall and may be lawful to proceed in due Form of Law against such Person for the said High Treason, as if this Act had not been made.

XXX. Excepted also out of this Pardon, all and every Person and Persons of the Name and Clan of Alae gregour, mentioned and intended in and by an Act of Parliament made in Scotland, in the first Parliament of the late King Charles the First, entitled, Anent the Clan Gregour, whatever Name or Designation he or they may have, or do assume, or commonly pass under.

XXXI. And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Offences concerning any common Highways or Bridges, and all Informations, Indictments, and other Proceedings thereon, and all Issues returned upon any Process concerning the same.

XXXII. And also excepted all Offences in taking away, imbezilling or purloining any of the Goods, Moneys, Chattles, Jewels, Armour, Munition, Stores, Naval Provisions, Shipping, Ordnance, and other Habiliments of War belonging to the Crown.

XXXIII. And also excepted all Conditions and Covenants, and all Penalties, Titles, and Forfeitures of Conditions or Covenants, accrued or grown to his Majesty, by reason of the Breach or nonperformance of any Covenant or Condition whatsoever.

XXXIV. And also excepted out of this Act of Pardon, all Offences, Misbehaviours, Misdemeanours, or Omissions committed, suffered or done by any Officer of the Exchequer or Revenue, in or concerning the Execution of his Office, or by Colour thereof, and all Forfeitures, Disabilities, Incapacities and Penalties whatsoever, to which any such Officer is or may be liable by reason of such Offences, mifbeha viours, Misdemeanours or Omissions, and all Suits, Proceedings and Prosecutions, had or to be had for or by reason thereof.

XXXV. And also excepted out of this Act of Pardon, all wilful Offences, Misbehaviours or Misdemeanours, or Omissions committed, suffered or done by any affeftor or Assessors, Collector or Collectors of any Aids or Taxes, granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament, in or concerning the Execution of their Offices, or by Colour thereof, and all Suits, Proceedings, and Prosecutions, had or to be had for or by reason thereof.

XXXVI. And also excepted all Titles, Suits, and Actions of uare Inf edit.

XXXVII. And also excepted all Offences of Incest, Simony, or Dilapidations, and all Proceedings and Sentences thereupon.

XXXVIII. And also excepted out of this Pardon all first fruits and Tenths, Pensions, Procurations, Syncdals, and other Payments out of any Ecclesiastical Promotion or Benefice, and Arrears of the same.

XXXIX. And also excepted out of this Pardon, all and every the Sums of Money and Duties, accruin or arising by or from any Customs or Subsidies, Excise, Imposition upon Witte or otheer Liquors, or Commodities,

A.D. 1747. Anno vicesimo Georgii II

C 52. £5

modifies, Duties upon Malt, Hops, Candles, Soap, Paper, Duties on Printing, Painting, Gaining or dying Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, Duties on Starch, Duties upon Gilt and Silver Wire, Duties on Salt, Duties upon Tonnage of Ships, Duties upon Parchment, Vellum and Paper, Arrears of any land-tax, poll money, all Arrears of Rent, and all other Sums of Money due or owing from any Licensed or Hackney Coachmen or Chairmen, or Stage coachmen, Duties arising by Wine Licences, or the post office, or by or from any other Tax, Assessment, Duty, Imposition, Debt, or Sum of Money whatsoever, to the King's Majesty given or belonging, or leviable by any Act of Parliament, or otherwise due or belonging to the King's Majesty, and all Arrears thereof respectively, and all Concealments and wrongful Detainment thereof respectively, and all Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities arising thereby, or for the Nonpayment, Concealment, or detaining thereof, and all Corruptions and Misdemeanours of any Officer or mi nifter of, in, or concerning the same, and all Accounts and Suits whatsoever now depending, or to be had, made, or prosecuted for the same; and all Concealments, Frauds and Offences, by which his Majesty, or his Royal Father, hath or have been deceived, and not truly answered for the same, or any of them.

XL. And also excepted out of this Act, all Offences committed or done contrary to an Act of Parliament, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, of glorious Memory, in 5 Geo. 1. C sr. tituled, An Act for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majestfs Subjects trading thither under Foreign Commissions; contrary to an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of his said late Majesty King George the First, 7 Geo. i. c.zj, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for the further preventing his Majesty's Subjects from trading to the East Indies under Foreign Commissions, and for encouraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the If e of Thanet; and all Forfeitures and Penalties which any Person or Persons is, are, or may be liable to, by reason of any of the Offences committed against either of the said Acts, or contrary to any other Acts of Parliament made for the ascertaining, securing, or improving the Trade of the East India Company to and in the East Indies.

XLI. And also excepted all Offences committed by any Person or Persons in taking or converting to their Converting own Use any Goods, Chattles, Rents, or Profits of Land belonging to the Crown, by any Title or pre fence whatsoever. Cmwn.

XLII. And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Arrears of Rent due from any Farmer or Tacksman of Arrears of far any Part of the public Revenue, and all Arrears of fee-farm Rents and other Rents. niers.

XLIII. And also excepted all and singular Accounts of all and every Collector and Collectors, Commis Accounts of sioners, Treasurers, Receivers, or other Officers, or other Accountant whatsoever, who have received or Officers, collected, or are any other way accountable to his Majesty for any the Customs, Subsidies, Impositions,

Excises, Duties, land taxes, poll money, p.ents, or other Matters before mentioned, or for Prize Goods, or for any other Tax, assessment, Duty, Imposition, Debt, Sum of Money, or other Things whatsoever, given to the King's Majesty, or leviable by Act of Parliament, or otherwise belonging to his Majesty; all Accounts of every other Person whatsoever, that ought to be Accountant to the King's Majesty, for or in respect of any Receipt or other Charge, and the Heirs, Executors, administrators and Sureties of any Person that ought to account, for all Things touching only the same Accounts, and all and singular Arrearages of Accounts, and all Impctitions, Charges, Seizures, Suits, Demands and Executions, which may or can be had of or for any such Account or Accounts, or any Arrearages of the same.

XLIV. And also excepted all Recognizances, Obligations, and other Securities given or entered into by Securities of R any Receiver of any land-tax, or other Duties or Impositions, or any other Sums of Money whatsoever, ceivers, due or payable to his Majesty by Act of Parliament, or otherwise, or by any Reeve, Bailiff, Collector, or other Accountant, in either of the Courts of Exchequer in England or Scotland, or given or entered into by any Person or Persons empowered or permitted by any such Receiver, Reeve, Bailiff, Collector, or other Accountant, to have or receive any Sum or Sums of Money arising from the land-tax, or other Duties or Impositions, or any other Sums of Money whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty by Act of Parliament, or otherwise, and their Sureties, and their Accounts respectively, and all other Recognizances and Obligations whatsoever, with or upon Condition to account, or for Payment of Money; and all Obligations, or other Securities given or entered into by any Officer or Officers of any of the Revenues of his Majesty,

r any of his Royal Predecessors, or their Sureties, for the true Discharge of his or their Trusts.

XLV. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That this act shall not extend, or be construed to pardon Debts due to the or discharge any Recognisance or Obligation not yet forfeited, nor to pardon or discharge any forfeited Recrown, cognizance or Obligation, or any other Forfeiture or Penalty, whereof any Person or Persons who are or have been Farmers or Tacksmen of any Part of the public Revenue, ought to receive any Benefit or Advantage; nor to pardon or discharge any Debt due by any Recognisance or Obligation, or otherwise, to any Person or Persons indebted to the Crown, which hath been duly seized in Aid of the crown's Debt; nor to pardon or discharge any Debt clue by Recognisance, Obligations, Condemnation, or otherwise, whereupon any Eftalment or Seizure has been at any Time hetetororc made, upon which Eftalment or Seizure anything is, or at any Time since the twenty-fourth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, hath been answered and paid; nor to pardon or discharge any Penalties, Forfeitures or Sums of Mopey due or accrued to his Majesty by reason of any Act, Statute or Statutes, which Forfeitures, Penalties, and Sums of Money, since the said twenty-fourth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, be converted into the Nature of any Debt by Judgement, Order or Decree, or by the Agreement of the Offender or Offenders, or have been eftalled; or any Seizure made for the same, and upon such Seizure or Eftalment, anything answered or paid since the said twenty-fourth Day of y uly one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one; nor to extend, or be construed to pardon or discharge any Recognisance which hath been entered into, and forfeited for or on account of any Crimes, or other Matters, which by this Act are excepted or fore prized out of this Pardon.

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

issues and Fines by Sheriffs, Sec,

Pod Fines, C

issues and Fines entered in Courts of Record,

Sheriffs, C Petitioning, to be allowed the same gratis.

Persons difatled by Judgement to exercise any Office, not restored.

Persons diverted of any Ertate or Employment not restored.

Persons attainted, See, of High Treason before 35 June 1747. Persons trans poned.,

Treasons against 33 Will. 3. C 3,

37 Geo. 2. 0.39.

Persons concerned in procuring an Invasion.

Offences committed by Popii Piiefts against 37 Eli?, C a.

I Geo. 1. c. 50.

3. 52.

A.D. 1747.

XLVI. And also excepted out of this Pardon all Blues, Fines and Amerciaments, lost, imposed or a fe sessed since the said twenty-fourth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, which have been, or shall be totted, levied or received by any Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff, Minister or other Officer, who are to account for the Year ending at Michaelmas now next ensuing, at any Time before they shall finish such their Accounts respectively.

XLVII. And also excepted all Fines pro licentla concordandi, commonly called Post Fines, and all such if fiies, Fines and Amerciaments, above the Sum of six Pounds, which have been lost, imposed or afiefted, and have been affeered, taxed, set, estreated or entered, since the said twenty-fourth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one.

XLVIII. And also excepted all such Issues, Fines and Amerciaments, returned, affeered, taxed, fetor entered in any Court of Record within this Realm of Great Britain, at any Time since the fifteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive j and yet nevertheless, all the Estreats of such Fines, Issues and Amerciaments, as be now pardoned by this Act, and which be already estreated forth of either of the Courts of Exchequer of England or Scotland, and be remaining in the Hands of the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff, or other proper Officer for collecting of the same Fines, Issues and Amerciaments, shall, upotl the Return of the said Estreats, be duly and orderly charged and delivered by scrov. s into the Office of the Pipe in the said respective Courts of Exchequer, as hath been heretofore accustomed in England, to the Intent that thereupon Order may be taken, that his Majesty may be truly answered all such Fines, Blues and Amerciaments, not by this Act pardoned, and which any Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff, or other Officer or Minister, has received, or ought to answer, by Force or Colour of any such Estreat, Process or Precept to him or them made for levying thereof; and yet all and every Sheriff and Sheriffs, and other Accountant, upon, his or their petition or Petitions, to be made for the Allowance of any such Fines, Issues or Amerciaments, as by this Act are pardoned, shall have all and every such his and their Petition allowed in his and their Account and Accounts, without paying any Fee or Reward to any Officer, Clerk or other Minister, for the making, entering and allowing of any such Petition or Petitions; any Cfage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIX. Provided always, That this Act ball not extend to give or restore any Ability or Capacity to take, have, hold or exercise any Office, Flace, Authority or Employment, Ecclesiastical, Civil or Military, to any Person or Persons, who, by virtue or reason of any Judgement of any Court of Justice, were or are made or become incapable or disabled to have, take, hold or execute the same; but that all and every such Person and Persons shall remain and continue under all and every the Disabilities and Incapacities aforesaid; thing in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

L Provided, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to restore, regrant orreveft, to or in any Person, any Office, Place or Employment, Civil or Military, or any Real or Personal Estate, which has, or have been, or shall be, on or before the said fifteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, divelted out of such Person, by virtue of any Judgement, Attainder, Conviction, or Act of Parliament.

Lf. And also excepted out of this Pardon all such Persons as, on or before the said fifteenth Day of June in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, are or shall be attainted of High Treason, by Act of Parliament, or Judgement, orconviftedof High Treason, by Verdict, Confession, or otherwise

And also excepted all Persons who have been, or shall be transported into Parts beyond the Seas, on or before the last Day of Trinity Term in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, for any Offence.

li11. And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Treasons contrary to an Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of the late King William the Thiid, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for the Attainder of the pretended Prince of Wales of ppgh Treason, committed since the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and before the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive.

LIV. And also all treasons againstan Act of Parliament made in the seventeenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to make it High Treason to bold Ccrrefponilence with the Sons of the Pretender to Us May fly's Crown, and for attainting them of High Treason, in case they shall land, cr attempt to land, in Great Britain, or any of the Dominions thereunto belonging; and for Just, ending the Operation and Effect of a Cicufe in the Act of the seventh Year of the late Queen Anne, for improving the Union of the two Kingdoms, relating to Forfeitures for High Treason, until after the Decease of the Sons of the said Pretender, committed before the said twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive,

LV. Also excepted out of this Pardon, all Offences of High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, committed at any Time or Times whatsoever by any Person or Persons, who, after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and before the said twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, hath or have conspired, carried on, consented to, aififted or been concerned in any Design or Proposal for invading, or procuring an Invasion of this Realm, by the Forces of the French King, or any other Foreign Force, or for raising or carrying on a Rebellion within the same.

LVI. And also excepted out of this Pardon, all and every Offence and Offences committed or done by any Jesuit, Seminary, or other Romifi Priest whatsoever, contrary to the Tenure or Effect of the Statute, made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act again? ji slits. Seminary priejis, and other suchlike difihedient Persons, and ail Outlawries, Proceedings, Judgments, and Executions for the same Offences, or any of them; and except all Convictions of Popish Recusants for their Recusancy, and the Consequences thereof; and all Forfeitures of Estates, Real and Personal, gi. veil for supporting superstitious Uses, mentioned in an act of the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act sag appointing commisshr.ers to inquire H.

Anno vicesimo Georgii II.

s;

A.D. 1747.

C 52.

the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Pcpish Recufaiits, and of estates given to superstitious Uses, in order to ra je Money out of them feverelly for the life of the Public.

LVII. And also excepted all Offences contrary to an Act of Parliament, made in the first Year of the igeo. 1. C 55. Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act to oblige Papists to register their Names and Real Estates.

LVIII. And also excepted all Contempts in Causes depending on or before the twentieth Day of June in Contempts in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, irt any Court of Law or Equity, or for non per Courts of Law, formance of Awards, or for nonpayment of Costs, given or awarded by such Courts on or before the said fifteenth Day of June in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and all Proceedings upon ancvrfawtrd % such Contempts and Securities taken thereon, and all Usurpations and Forfeitures of Franchises or Offices, C for. which any Prosecution hath been commenced or begun since the said twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and is on the said fifteenth Day of June depending and remaining to be prosecuted. X

TIX. And also excepted all Contempts in any Ecclesiastical Court, in such Causes only that have been ^ontcfk, ?!s n commenced for Matters of Right, and not for Correction; also all Contempts in any Court of Admi ancj Admhaity ralty, proceeding civilly and not criminally. Courts.

LX. And also excepted out of this Act of Pardon, Charles Earl of Traquair, Alexander Earl of Kellie, Robert Names of Per maccariy, styling himself Earl of Clancarty, 'Sit James Stewart Baronet of Good Trees, Sir John Douglas ba suns excepted, ronet, Sir James Plarringion Baronet, Sir James Campbell Baronet of Auchinbrcck, otherwise Achmbreck;

Sir William Dunbar Baronet of Durn, Sir Alexander Bannerman of Elfick, Baronet; Archibald Steuart, late f Provost of Edinburgh; Peter Barry Doctor in Physic, Thomas Blair of Glafelune, Alexander Blair Writer in Edinburgh, Peter Byers otherwise Byres of Tonlay, James Carnegie of Bovfack, Charles Comming of kinni mond otherwise Kinnimount, William Comming the younger of pitid/y, Roderick Chifiohn of Comar in strath glass, Alexander Cameron of Dungallon, William Drummond of Bahaldie, otherwise Bohaldie, William Drummond of Callendar, James Fraser of Foyers, Simon Fraser of Avochnacloy, John Fraser, ltd Gelifpick, Hugh Fraser Son to Alexander Fraser of Lent Clan, James Farquharson of Bcdmurral, otherwise Bahnurle, John Fullerton of dud wick the younger, John Dow Fraser of Little Garth, John Fraser of Brotuich, late Steward' to Lord Lovat; Thomas Fraser of Gortulrg, Alexander Garioch of Margie, Arthur Gordon of Carnoufie, George Gordon of Hawhead, otherwise Hallbead, John Gordon of Abachie, otherwise Abochie, James Gordon of go bardie, otherwise Cobardie, Francis Gordon of Mill of Kincardine, Robert Gordon of Logie the younger, James Gordon of Glqfierum, otherwise Clajhtirum, Robert Graham of Garrick, Patrick Grant of Glenmorifon, John Graham of Kilmardinny, David Hunter of Burntjide, otherwise Burnside, John Halden, otherwise Haldane, otherwise Haldon, of Lanrick, Alexander Halden, otherwise Haldane, otherwise Haldon, Son to the said John, Andrezu Hay the younger of Ramis, otherwise Ranas; Alexander Irvine of Drum, George Kelly,

James Levifionne, otherwise Livingston, late Postmaster of Falkirke; Cole, otherwise Col Mc Donald of ba rifdale, Greger Mc Gregor, otherwise James Grcemc, otherwise Graham, of Glengyle; Malcolm Mc Lead of Rasa, Archibald Menzies of Seyan, otherwise Shien; Gilbert Menzies junior of Pitfoddles; Thomas Mercer merchant in Aberdeen, William Moir of Lonemay, otherwise Longmay, James Moir of Stonyivoacl, Ocneas, otherwise Angus AT Donald late Banker at Paris; James m'donald Brother to Mz Donald of Kinloch Moidart, John Murray late Clerk of the Customs at Alloa, Donald NT Donald of Invcroy, John AT Donald the elder of Glengary, Alexander NT Donald of Glenco, Robert Murray of Glencarnock, Thomas Ogilvie of East Mill, Alexander Ogilvie of Achcries, Thomas Ogilvie of Coul Merchant in Dundee, John Riddle, otherwise Riddel of Grange, David Rob ertfon of Easter Bleaton, George Robertson of Fafkelly, James Robertson of Blairfetty, Alexander Robertson of Strouan, Duncan Robertson of Drummachean, Donald Smith Merchant in Aberdeen, David Smith of Tnvcramfay, Daniel Spaldingotherwise Spaldane, of ashentully, James Stirling of Craig Barnett, Charles Steuart of Ballachallan, David Stuart of Kynnacbin, Robert Stuart of Killiharry, otherwise kil/ibajly, John Turner the younger of Turner Hall, Alexander Thomson, otherwise Thompson of sech field, otherwise Fochfield, otherwise Fairfield; David Tulloch of Bugtown, otherwise Bugtoun, William Vaughan the younger of Coitrtfield, in the County of Monmouth, Andrew Wauchop, otherwise Warcttpp, of Nidrie, Esquire; and Alexander White the younger, of Arcllehill.

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Process of Outlawry, or pr°«fs of out any Proceedings thereon, at the Suit of any Person Plantiff, shall be, by virtue of this Pardon, stayed or ^r^/'unkfs^" avoided, unless the Defendant appear, and put in Bail, where by Law Bail is necessary, and take out a Writ Defendant of Scire Facias against the Party, at whole Suit he was outlawed; and that this Pardon be not allowed to put in Bail, C discharge any Outlawry after Judgement, till Satisfaction or Agreement be made to, or with the Party, at whose Suit the Outlawry was obtained.

LXII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons hereby pardoned, may plead the General Issue, without special pleading of this Pardon, and give this Act of Pardon General Issue, in Evidence for his Discharge; that the same shall be thereupon allowed, and Advantage thereof had, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been fully and well pleaded.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Pardon shall be of as good validity of this j Force and Effect, to pardon and discharge all and singular the Premises abovementioned, and intended to Act, be pardoned and discharged, as well against such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, as do or shall claim the same, by or under any Letters Patents, or Lease, or Grant by the King's Majesty, or any his Predecessors, as against the King's Majesty himself.

Anno

C I, 2

A.D. 1748.

Additional Duty of 12 d. in the Pound laid on all Goods imported 5

as valued in the Book of Rates 12 Car. 2. C 4. and n Geo. 1. c. 7.

Unrated "Haft India Goods to ray 5 1- percent, on the gross Price.

Duties how to be levied, See.

Not to extend to Goods imported free, nor to pro

Anno vicesimo primo GEORGII II. Regis.

C AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster, the tenth Day of November, Amo Dom. 1747, in ' /- % the twenty first: Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Second, by the Grace

X of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, isc. being the first Session of this present Parliament.

CAP. L

An act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain Called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An act for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy^for repealing so much of an Act made in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as enadls, That Prize Goods and Merchandise may he exported without paying any Duty of Custom or Excise for the same.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, for the better enabling your Majesty to defray the Charge of this present War, and for other your majesty's most necessary and important Occasions, have given and granted unto your Majesty the further Sulifidies, Rates, Duties and Sums of Money hereafter mentioned; and do humbly beseech our Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, I hat over and above all Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and over and above all additional Duties, Impositions and other Duties whatsoever, by any other act or Acts of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever already due and payable, or which ought to be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for or upon any Goods or Merchandizes, which, from and after the first Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, one further Subsidy of Poundage of twelve Pence in the Pound shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon all Manner of Goods or Merchandizes to be imported or brought into this Realm, or any his Majesty's Dominions to the same belonging, at any Time or Times after the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, by the Importer of such Goods or Merchandizes, before the landing thereof, according to the several particular Rates and Values of the same Goods and Merchandizes, as the same are now particularly and respectively rated and valued, in the respective Books of Rate referred to by the Acts of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Chariles the Second, and the eleventh Year of his late Majesty, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament; and so after that Rate or Value, or which do now pay any Duty ad Valorem.

II. And whereas it may happen, that several Goods and Merchandizes may he imported by the East India Company, which are not rated by any Act of Parliament; 'Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such unrated Goods and Merchandizes shall pay the said Subsidy of Five per Centum, granted by this Action the gross Price for which the Goods shall be sold at the Candle, without any Allowance or Deduction whatsoever; that nothing in this Act shall any ways alter the present Method of computing the reduced Value and Duties at present payable upon unrated East India Goods, but the same shall be computed as if this present Act had never been made; and the Subsidy hereby granted shall he paid by the said United East India Company, at the same Times as the other Subsidies on East India Goods imported by the said Company are now due and payable; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Subsidy of Poundage hereby granted, shall be raised, levied and collected by the respective Officers of his Majesty's customs in this Kingdom, under the Management and Direction of the respective Commissioners of the Customs for the t: me being; and shall be brought and paid, or answered, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for the Purposes in this act mentioned (such additional Charge as shall be necessary for the Management of this Revenue only excepted) and that all and every the Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things whatsoever contained in the said act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or in any other Laws or Statutes whatsoever now in Force, for raising, levying, collecting, answering apd paying the Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage thereby granted, shall be applied, practised, and put into Execution, for the raising, levying, securing, collecting, answering and paying the Subsidy of Poundage by this A CL granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, wer? particularly repeated and again cnailed in the Body of this present A CL

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Goods or Merchandizes which were or are now allowed by the said act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of

A.D. 1748. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. c. 2. 89

King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to be imported Duty free, nor to any hfbited Goods prohibited Goods or Merchandizes which may be imported by the United East India Company. imported by the

V. Provided also, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that the Importers of Tobacco shall, Indl3 Company, upon paying down the Subsidy hereby granted, have the same Allowance with respect to the Subsidy, as they Allowance to are entitled to by any Law now in Force upon Tobacco imported; but in case the Paid Subsidy hereby grant ^b^?orter of ed shall not be paid down as aforesaid, then the Paid Importers shall become bound to his Majesty, his Heirs Bond to be^iven or successors, with one or more sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the Collector of the Port where 0) non pay the Tobacco shall be imported, with the Consent of the Comptroller of such Port, in one or more Pond or ment of the Bonds, at the Election of the Importer, for Payment of the said Subsidy within eighteen Months, to com D, lty. mence at the End of thirty Days after the master's Report of the Ship, or to commence from the merchant's ^accolu father

Entry of the Goods within those thirty Days, which shall first happen; anything herein contained to the 7\gel itl.41. contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. 26 Gel. %. 1.13!

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases Drawback al where any Goods or Merchandizes that have paid the Subsidy hereby granted, shall at any Time or Times iowed upon ex be again exported by any Merchant or Merchants, within three Years from the Importation thereof, the portation within Subsidy by this Act granted, and which shall have been actually paid for such Goods, Wares or Merchan 3 Years, dizes, shall, without any Delay or Reward, be repaid unto such Merchant or Merchants who shall export

the same, or the Security vacated; except for such Goods or Merchandizes, as by any former Act or Acts Exception, of Parliament it is declared no Drawback shall be paid or allowed upon Exportation, and except as is. herein after excepted in relation to Prize Goods.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every hundred Weight of Sugar im Drawback of ported into Great Britain, after the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, 3 sp"

and refined there (and foin proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity) that shall be exported out of this Suearrefined in Kingdom, after the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, during the Conti Great Britain, nuance of this Act, there shall be repaid at the Customhouse to the Exporter, within thirty Days after the and exported, Demand thereof, the Sum of three Shillings, over and above the present Bounties; Oath being first made by the Refiner, that the Sugar so exported, was produced from Brown and Muscovada Sugar, charged by this Act, and that as he verily believes the same was imported from his Majesty's Plantations in America, and 21

the Duty duly paid at the Time of the Importation thereof, the Exporter making Oath that the same was T, Gel. s', r. is

duly exported, and his Majesty's Searcher also certifying the Shipping thereof, and all other Requisites be

ing performed according to the respective Books of Rates. > 32geo.a. C 10.

VIII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and pasted in the twentieth Year of his Majesty's Part of 20 Geo.

Reign (entitled, An Act to continuefeverai Laws relating to the manufacturees of Sail Cloth and Silk; to give Y C 45. repeal ' 'further Tune for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contrails of Clerks and Appren CD

tiers, and for better securing the Payment of the said Duties; and declaring that Prize Ships laivfully condemned, shall be deemed British built Ships; and for allowing Prize Goods to be landed and secured in proper ware houses, without Payment of any Duty, until it can be determined whether they are fit for Exportation or Home Consumption) it was amongst other Things enacted, That all Goods and Merchandizes that then had

been or Should, during the Continuance of the present War with France or Spain, be taken from his Majesty's Enemies, and landed from any Ship or Vessel in any Port within the Kingdom of Great Britain,

after being subject to the several Rules and Restrictions prescribed and mentioned in the said Act, might be exported again to Foreign Parts by the Captors or other Owners thereof, without being liable to or paying any Duty of Custom or Excise for the same, as by the said Act, Relation being thereunto had,

will more fully and at large appear: 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Act as relates to the Nonpayment of the said Duties of Custom or Excise on Prize Goods or Merchandizes lodged in Warehouses, and so exported as aforesaid, shall, from and after the first Day of March

one thousand seven hundred and forty seven be, and is hereby repealed and made void; and that the Subsidy No Drawback hereby granted shall not be drawn back, on the Exportation of any Prize Goods or Merchandizes taken by allowed on ex any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War; anything in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of p^go 1 Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. me 00 six.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the Baoks to be

Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster, a Book or Books, in which all the Mo kept or enter nies hereby appointed to be paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from, n '.he jwonles all other Moneys paid or payable there to his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, upon any Account whatso bjr

ever; and the said. Money so appointed to be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be

the yearly Fund for the several Purposes herein after mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Annuities which by this Appropriation Act shall be granted and made payable, in respect of the principal Sum of six millions three hundred thou of the dut!es< sand Pounds, to be raised in Manner and Form as is herein after directed; also the additional Capital

of ten Pounds in Lottery Tickets, herein after directed to be added to every one hundred Pounds, advanced towards raifmgthe said Sum of six millions three hundred thousand Pounds, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the several Subsidies, Rates and Duties by this Act granted to his Majesty; and the said several Subsidies, Rates and Duties shall be, and are hereby appropriated for that Purpose accordingly.

XI. And whereas several Persons and Foreigners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, have fub scrib.d and agreed to advance the said Sum of six millions three hundred thousand Pounds, for the Publick Service, for the Purchase of Annuities after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum; and the said Subscribers or Contributors have, in pursuance of a Resolution of the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, deposited with and paid to the first or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor

and Company of the Bank of England for the time being, the Sum of ten Pounds per Centum in Part of

9©

C 2.

Anno vicesimo pritno Georgii II. A.D. 1748.

the Principal Sums by them respectively subscribed as aforesaid; have also paid to the said Cashier or cashiers the further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, on or before the twenty eighth Day of "January one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and have also advanced and paid several other Sums of Aloney to the said Cashier or Cashiers, by virtue and in pursuance of the said Resolutions, in further Part of the said Sum of six millions three hundred thousand Pounds, and are desirous to pay the remaining Principal Sums by them subscribed as aforesaid, at such Times, and in such Manner, as are herein after appointed in that Behalf; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every such Contributor or Contributors, who have already deposited with, or paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the said two several and respective Sums of ten Pounds per Centum, or other Sums of Money, in Part of the said Sum of six millions three hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid, to advance and pay unto the said Cashier or Cashiers, at or before the respective Days or Times, and in the Proportions herein after by this Acb limited in that Behalf, the remaining Principal Sums by them subscribed towards the said Sum of six millions three hundred thousand Pounds, for the Purchase of any certain Annuity or Annuities, to commence from the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty commence from eight, and to be paid and payable to such Contributor or Contributors, or such as he, she or they shall Michaelmas nominate his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns respectively, in Manner herein after mentioned; which Annuities before mentioned shall be computed at the Rate of four Pounds per cen tam for every one hundred Pounds, and proportionably for any greater or less Sum so to be advanced and paid; and the remaining Purchase Money for every such Annuity, at the Rate aforesaid, is hereby appointed to be paid unto the said Cashier or Cashiers aforesaid, at or before the respective Days or Times herein after limited; that is to say. The Sum of ten Pounds per Centutn, Part thereof, on or before the twenty seventh Day of February one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; the Sum of ten Pounds per Centutn, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of March then next ensuing; the Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, aether Part thereof, on or before the twenty second Day of y^>r//then next ensuing; the Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of May then next ensuing; Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty first Day of June then next ensuing; the Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty first Day of July then next ensuing; the Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty-third Day of ylngujl then next ensuing and the remaining Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, 'on or before the twentieth Day of September then next following: All which Annuities so to be purchased, shall be paid and payable at two of the most usual Feasts or Days of; Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Feasts of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, and of Saint Michael the Archangel, by even and equal Portions, Fun Payment or within six days after every of the said Feast Days; the first Payment thereof to be due and payable at the 15maich i7^9- Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin 'Mary, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, or within ltx Days after the said Feast Day: Nevertheless, the said Annuities shall be redeemable according to the Purport and true Meaning of a Proviso or Condition herein after mentioned in ihntbehalf, and not otherw.tfe; and the said Cashier Or Cashiers' of the said Governor and

and are hereby authorised and required forthwith aemselves, 'to'such Contributor r Contributors, for all Sums of Money by them deposited with, or paid unto such Cashier or Cashiers before the passing of this act; as also for such other Sum or Sums of Money as shall hereafter be advanced or paid to him or them by any pe Wipts, 0 such Contributor's or Payers thereof; which Receipts shall be assignable by Endorsement thereupon made.

Contributors who Ways paid two ten hs to pay in the Remainder in ths Proportions limited.

Annuities to

1748, at 4], percent,

Times of advancing die Sums.

Cashier of the Bunk to give Receipts.

lcl liicnuou^u III L 11, 1 I <HIU llut ull_ll, L 7 rillu lilt

Company of the Bank of England for the time being, is to give Receipts in Writing, signed by himself or themfe

be assignable,

cahiicr so give Security,

at

ger

and no ion of any three of

c.ifiijrr to live Notes for Dc

any Time before the twentieth Day of september one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, r; and the said Cashier or Cashiers are hereby required to give Security to the good I, iking or more of the Gomrmflidners of the Treasury now being, or of the High Treasurer orr Commissioners of the Treasury for the tin, ie being, for duly anl wering imd paying into the Receipt of hr majesty's Exchequer, all the monri which he or they have already deceived by Way of Deposit or otherwise, or shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of or for the 'ibid Sum not exceeding six millions three hundred thousand Pounds, as as he or they shall receive the same, qr any Part thereof, and to account for all tile Moneys so to be advanced and paid to him or them, in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Cashier or Cashiers shall, and they nrp liver ota T' k ^erc^y authorised and required to give a Notyor Writing, signed by him or them, to such Contributor or cttn^tuevottiry Contributors, obliging himself or themselves to deliver to such Contributor or Contributors, or their After every ico). a Ticket in the Lottery herein after mentioned, of the Value of ten Pounds, by way of additional

subscribed. Capital, for every one hundred Pounds by them respectively subscribed towards raising the ibid Sum of six millions three hundred thousand Pounds, for the Purposes aforesaid, as soon as the Managers and Direiflorr, to be appointed for preparing and delivering out the said Tickets in the said Lottery, shall deliver to the said Cashier or Cashiers the Books comprehending the said Tickets; which said additional Capital in Tickets as aforesaid, amounting in the whole to the Sum of six hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, shall be which is to car attended with Annuities after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be charged upon, ry 41 percent. and paid out of the said several Subsidies, Rates and Duties by this al granted, at the same half yearly Feast Days, and in the same Manner, as the Annuities herein before made payable, in respect of the said Principal Sum of six millions three hundred thousand Pounds, aie to be paid and payable, and subject also to' the same Proviso of Redemption as is herein after contained in that Behalf; and the said Notes or Writings, to be signed and delivered by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Contributor or Contributors, as aforesaid, shall be assignable by Endorsement thereupon, made at any Time before the said twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, and no longer.

Jntcrcll:

A.D. 1748. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II.

C 2.

91

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Cashier or Cashiers shall, and Culiierto pay they are hereby authorised and required to pay into the said Receipt of Exchequer, not only all such Sum the Moneys into and Sums of Money, as have already been depositid with or paid to them, by the said Contributor or con t!le e^ciiequer. tributors, towards raising the said Sum of six millions three hundred thousand Pounds, but also all such

further Sum or Sums of Money as shall be hereafter paid into their Hands, at the respective Days or Times herein before limited and appointed for Payment thereof, as fast as he or they shall receive the same; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or Treasury to ap. more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any. three or more of the Commissioners of the Trea p*>'the m')ne/ fury for the time being, from time to time, to issue and apply all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be vote*/b "lanl so paid into the said Receipt, by the said Cashier or Cashiers, towards the said Sum of six millions three y a hundred thousand Pounds, to such Services as shall then have been voted by the said Commons of Great Britain in this Session of Parliament.

XIV. And it is hereby enacted, That in the Office of the Accomptant General of the Governor and contributors Company of the Bank of England for the time being, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, Names, C to in which there shall be fairly entered the Blames of all who shall be the Contributors for such Annuities, be entered in after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum as aforesaid, and of all Persons by w hofc Hands the the office of, said Contributors shall pay in any of the said.sums upon this Act, and also the Sums so paid; and it shall generatof the and may be lawful for the said respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Succefi ors and Af Bank, signs, from time to time, and at all seasonable Times, to have Resort to, and inspeef the said Book or Books

without any Fee or Charge; and the said Accomptant General for the time being, shall', on or before the diimieate to be twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, transmit an attested Duplicate fairly transmitted into written on Paper, of the said Book or Books, into the 'Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Msje7 the aoditoi's fly's Exchequer, there to remain for ever. Office.

XV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Contributor and Contribu7 The Moneys ap. tors upon this Act, duly paying the whole Consideration or Purchase Money, at the Rate aforesaid, at or propriated to before the respective Days and Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, for such Annuity or Annuities as Payment of the aforesaid, or such as he, fly or they shall appoint, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators, Annmtles' Succefi ors and Assigns, ball have, receive and enjoy, and be infilled by virtue of this Act, to have, receive

and enjoy the respective Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased, together with the Annuity or Annuities

made payable by this Act, in rel peh to the said additional Capital as aforesaid, out of the Moneys by this

AH appropriated or appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, and shall have good and sure Estates and

Interests therein for ever, subject only to the Proviso or Condition of Redemption, in this Act afterwards

contained concerning the same; and that all the several and respective Annuities, payable in pursuance of free from Taxes.

this Act, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum., on all and every the principal Sums for which the same are payable, shall be free from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever.

XVI. And it is hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Contributors to Persons who shall become interested in, or entitled unto any Annuity or Annuities, Part of the said Sum of be allowed 5l. six millions three hundred thousand Pounds subscribed for in pursuance of this Act, who shall, before the icr Lent' passing of this Act, have advanced or paid, or shall hereafter advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers, the Whole or any Part of the remaining purchase money, payable in respeh thereof, at or before

any of the respective Days or Times herein limited or appointed for Payment thereof, such Person or Persons shall be allowed Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so advanced and paid to such Cashier or Cashiers, by any such Contributors as aforesaid, to be computed from the Day on which such ahual Payment shall have been made, to Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby authorised and required to cause the said Interest: to be paid upon such respective Sums as shall be so advanced accordingly, out of the Moneys to be contributed in pursuance of this Act; and in case any such Person or Persons shall complete the Payment of the The Annuities whole Purchase Money, payable for any such Annuities, he, she or they shall have such respective Sums be transfer as they shall become interested in or entitled unto, forthwith placed to the Credit of the said Contributors, able at the and made transferrable in the Books of the Bank of England, by this Act appointed to be kept for that purpose.

XVII. Provided, That in case any such Contributors as aforesaid, who have already depofued with, or Contributors paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers any Sum or Sums of Money at the Times, and in the Manner before mentioned, in Part of his, her or their purchase money, or his, her or their executors, Administrators, maarki "ng successors or Assigns, do not advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers the sum of ten Pounds per the Whole, Centum, in further Part of his, her or their consideration money, so to be paid for such respective Annuity

or Annuities as aforesaid, on or before the twenty seventh Day of February one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and the Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of March then next ensuing; the Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty second Day of April then next ensuing; and the Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of May then next ensuing; and the Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty first: Day of Just then next ensuing; and the Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty first Day of July then next ensuing the Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty-third Day of August then next ensuing; the remaining Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, on or before the twentieth Day of September then next following; then, and in every such Case respectively, so much of the consideration money as shall have been actually paid in Part thereof only, to the said Cashier or Cashiers, for such respective

so forfeit what has been paid inc.

2.

'The Time for Payment is enlarged by 21 Geo. 2. c. 147.

Treasury to appoint Managers of the Lottery.

Managers to meet together for executing their Powers. Method of the Lottery Books.

accomptant general to give Credit for the Sums named in the Certificates j which may be transferred,

and carry per Gent, Interest,

Certificates to be cancelled, and Notes given.

Cashier and Accomptant General to be appointed.

Moneys for Payment of the Annuities to be issued from the Exchequer, canno

vicesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1748.

Annuity, shall bs forfeited for the Benefit of the Public; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXVIII. And whereas it is intended. That every Contributor of the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to wards raising the said Sum of six millions three hundred thousand Pounds, foall have and be entitled unto e an additional Capital of ten Pounds in a Lottery Ticket, which Tickets are to be prepared, and the Lottery to be drawn, in manner herein after mentioned; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, foal! nominate or appoint, shall be Managers and Directors for preparing and delivering out Tickets, and to oversee the Drawing of Lots, and to order, do and perform such other Matters and Things as are hereafter in and by this Act directed and appointed by such Managers and Directors to be done and performed; and that such Managers and Directors foall meet together, from time to time, at some public Office or Place for the Execution of the Powers and Trulls in them reposed by this Act; and that the said Managers or Directors, or so many of them as shall be present at any such Meeting, or the major Part of them, foall cause Books to be prepared, in which every Leaf shall be divided or distinguished into three Columns, and upon the innermoll of the said three Columns there shall be printed sixty three thousand Tickets, fc.

"Eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Tickets shall be Fortunate, three of them ten thousand Pounds "Principal, four five thousand Pounds, seven two thousand Pounds, nineteen one thousand Pounds, their

ty nine five hundred Pounds, one hundred and seventy one one hundred Pounds, four hundred and forty "fifty Pounds, eight thousand and sixty five twenty Pounds; which Sums, with five hundred Pounds "to the first drawn Ticket, and one thousand Pounds to the last drawn, will amount to three hundred and "four thousand and five hundred Pounds; which being added to three hundred and twenty-five thousand "five hundred Pounds, the Principal payable on the remaining fifty-four thousand two hundred and "fifty Blank Tickets, six Pounds each, amount to six hundred and thirty thousand Pounds; to be convert c ed into Annuities in respect of the Lottery. Time and Place of drawing the Lottery. Prizes to be en "in a Book. A List of the Prizes to be printed. Counterfeiting of Tickets, Certificates or the Num "of them, Felony. Persons selling Shares in Tickets of which they are not possessed to forfeit 500l. "The Tickets to be exchanged for Certificates."

EXP.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accomptant General of the Bank of England for the time being, to whom the said Certificates are to be directed as aforesaid, foall, upon receiving and taking in the said Certificates, or any of them, give Credit to the Persons named, in the same Book or Books, to be by him provided and kept for that Purpose, for the Principal Sums contained in every such Certificate; and the Persons to whole Credit such Principal Sums shall be entered in the said Book or Books, his, her or their Executors and Administrators shall and may have Power to assign and transfer the same, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in other Books, to be prepared and kept by the said Accomptant General for that Purpose; the Principal Sums so assigned or transferred, foall carry the said Annuity of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and foall he taken and deemed to be Stock transferable by this Act, according to the Powers and Authorities herein after mentioned, until the Redemption thereof as aforesaid; the said Accomptant General of the Bank of England for the time being, is hereby authorised and directed to cancel and file the Certificates, as they foali from time to time be received and taken in by him, and to give the Persons bringing in the same a Note under his Hand, testifying the principal Money for which they foall have Credit in the said Book or Books, by Reason or Means of the Certificates so received, taken in, and cancelled as aforesaid, and of the Annuities attending the same.

XXXII. And for the more easy and sure Payment of the several and respective Annuities, amounting to six millions three hundred thousand Pounds, by this Act authorised to be purchased as aforesaid, as also of the several Annuities payable in respect of the said additional Capital, by way of Lottery as aforesaid; It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, foall from time to rhyme, until the said several and respective Annuities, alter the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be redeemed according to this Act, appoint and employ one or more sufficient Person or Persons within their Office in the City of London, to be their Chief or first Cafoier or Cashiers, anj one other sufficient Person within the same Office, to be their Accomptant General; and that so much of the Moneys, from time to time arising into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, for the said Subsidies, Rates and Duties by this Act appropriated for this Purpose, as foall he diffident, from time to time, to answer the said several and respective Annuities, and other Payments directed to be paid and discharged out of the same, foall, by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors for the time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf, from time to time, at the respective half yearly Feast Days, or Days of Payment in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the said first or Chief Cafoier or Cafoiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for the time being, by way of Impressed, and upon Account for the Payment as well of the said several and respective Annuities to be purchased upon this Act, as of the Annuities payable in respect of the said additional Capital by way of Lottery, at such Times and' in such Manner and Form as are by this Act prescribed in that Behalf; and that all and every such Cafoier or Cafoiers, to whom the said Moneys foall from time to time be issued, shall from time to time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his Account thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

C

VJ

93

A.D. 1748. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II.

XXXIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accomptant General for the time being, shall. Accordant from time to time, inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the General to in vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay; and that all and every the 9a" Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall be in titled to any of the said several and respective Annuities, after^he Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall(, (, a personal be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, and the same shall not he descendible to the Heir, and shall not Ettate, C be liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise; any Law, Statute or Custom to

the contrary notwithstanding,

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to be advanced or The Moneys contributed, or to which any Person or Persons shall become entitled to upon this Act, for or towards the contributed to said Sum not exceeding six millions three hundred thousand Pounds, together with the additional Capital by

way of Lottery, shall be deemed, reputed and taken to be one Capital or Joint Stock, on which the said s oc' ' several and respective Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be attending; and that all and every Person and Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money by him, her or them advanced, or to which they shall become entitled as aforesaid, upon this Act, shall have, and be deemed to have a Proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock, and in the Annuity attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid; and that the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest there and transferable. in, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferable as this Act directs, and not otherwise; that there shall constantly be kept at all seasonable Times, in the Office of the to be kcp£ said Accomptant General for the time being, within the City of London, a Book or Books, wherein all Affor r4nskrs» signments or Transfers of the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuities attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered; Entries shall to be signed by be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assign the parries ments or Transfers; or if such Parties be absent, by his, her or their Attorney or Attorneys thereunto law transferring and fully authorised, by Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credi aa: eptlns ble Witnesses; and that the Person or Persons, to whom such Transfer shall be made, do underwrite his, her or their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning or transferring the said Stock, ',

and the Annuities attending the same, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law.

XXXV. Provided always, That any Person or Persons possessed of such Stock, with the Annuity or An Annuities dummies attending the same, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, at vifable by Will, tested by two or more credible Witnesses; but that such Devisee shall receive no Payment thereupon, till so much of the said Will, as relates to the said Stock or Annuity, be entered in the said Office; and in Default of such Transfer or Devise, the said Stock and Annuities attending the same, shall go to the Executors or Administrators; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers, or any of them; any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor The Bank to and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors (notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any continue a com their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of them) shall continue a Cor Won of the poration, with all the Powers, Privileges and Advantages thereunto belonging, for the Purposes in this Act Annuities.'expressed, till all the Annuities to be purchased on this Act Pa all be redeemed by Parliament, according to

the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf; and the said Governor and Company, or any Members thereof, shall not ineur any Disability for or by Reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no See or Gratuity whatsoever. No Foe for p.y shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects, for receiving or paying the said Contribution mentofcontri moneys, or any of them, or for any Tallies or Receipts concerning the same, or for issuing the Moneys for

paying the said several Annuities or any of them; and that no See or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken Transfer, for any Transfer, of any Sum great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Act; upon Pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any Fee or Gratuity contrary to this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, in any of his Majesty's Penalty.

Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of Treasurytopay

the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of 'jj? Charses the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised tb^dutie's'1* out of the said several Subsidies, Rates and Duties by this Act granted and appropriated as aforesaid, to dif '

charge all such incident Charges as sin all necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner, as

to them shall seem just and reasonable; also to settle and appoint such Allowances, out of the Contri and appointsa hutions to the Annuities granted by this Act as aforesaid, as they shall think just and reasonable, for the )3r'c=

Service, Pains and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving and accounting for the said Contributions; and also such further Allowances (out of the oner CL'Subsidies, Rates and Duties by this Act appropriated) as they sit all think just and reasonable, for receiving, paying and accounting for the several and respective Annuities payable in respect thereof; and also for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Accomptant General of the said Governor and Company, for performing the Duty and Trust incumbent on him by this Act; all which Allowances hereby empowered to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the Service, Pains and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company, hall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Dispo -- falonly; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times the Pro Deficiencies to duce of the said several Subsidies, Rates and Duties shall happen to be so lofitor deficient as that the Mo see made good.

nies

94-

C 3. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 174.8.

linking Fund to be replaced.

Surplus Moneys how to be applied.

falife of Redemption.

General issue*

Treble Costs,

(lies arising therefrom into the Exchequer, shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the several and respective Annuities, and other Charges directed to be paid thereout, at the End of any or either of the respective half yearly Days of Payment, at which the same are hereby directed to be paid, then and so often, and in every fuel] Case, such Deficiency or Deficienciesshall and may be supplied out of the Overplus Moneys, that shall! or may happen to arise and be paid into the Exchequer in any of the subsequent half Years, es the said respective Annuities hall, from time to time, become due and payable; and in case such Overplus Moneys shall not be sufficient to satisfy the Deficiencies hereby intended from time to time to be paid thereout, that then, and in every such Case, the Deficiencies so from time to time happening, hall, from time to time, be answered and made goodbye and out of the first Supplies which shall be granted in Parliament next after such Deficiencies shall appear; and in case no such Supplies shall be granted within six Months next after such Deficiencies shall happen, then the same shall be made good out of any the Moneys which at any Time or Times shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surpluses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the same Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be from time to time issued and applied accordingly; and if at any Time or Times before any Moneys of the said Subsidies, Rates and Duties hereby granted shall be brought into the Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a Want of Money for paying the several Annuities aforesaid, which shall be ndually incurred and grown due at any of the said half yearly Days of Payment before mentioned, that then and in every such Case, the Money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the Moneys of the said Sinking Fund (except as before excepted; and he issued accordingly.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Moneys shall be so issued out of the said Sinking Fund, hall from time to time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be any Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said several Subsidies, Rates and Duties, after the said several and respective Annuities, and other Payments or Charges by this Act directed to be paid thereout, and all Arrears thereof are satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be referred for that Purpose, such Surplus or Remainder shall, from time to time, be referred for the Disposition of Parliament, and hall not be issued but by the Authority of Parliament, and as shall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament; ny thing in this or any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament notwithstanding.

XLII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon one year's Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by Authority of Parliament, at any of the half yearly Feaff Days, for Payment of the said several and respective Annuities, and upon Repayment by Parliament, of the Principal Sum of six millions three hundred thousand Pounds, and also upon Payment of the said additional Capital of six hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, amounting together to the Principal Sum of six millions nine hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, for which the said respective Annuities are payable to such respective Persons or Corporations, as shall be entitled to the same Annuities, and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the same Annuities; then, and not till then, the said respective Annuities shall eeafe and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and from and after such Redemption, the Moneys arising from the said several Subsidies, Rates and Duties by this Act granted as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use or Purpose, but as shall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons signified by the Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange of London as aforesaid, hall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice, within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

XLIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested and prosecuted for anything done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, or any the Clauses therein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. III.

An act to revive and make perpetual two Acts of Parliament, one made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, entitled, sin Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrefis; and the other made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to explain, amend and render more effectual the said Act.

isceo. C. 9. e 'WHEREAS great Benefit hath accrued to this Kingdom by an Act of Parliament, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, entitled, Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrefis, which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of*o o e*then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was explained, amended and rendered more effectual, and further continued for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; which said Act, so

amended

A.D. 1748. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. c. 4 — 10. 95

C amended and explained, was, by a Clause in an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his pre font Majesty, continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; which said Act so passed in the twelfth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, and also the said Act for explaining and amending the same, passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, are now expired; 'Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act passed in the twelfth Year of his late majesty's Reign, together with the said Act The said as which passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, explaining, amending and rendering more revived and mads effectual the same, hall he, and are by virtue of this Act revived, and shall be in Force from and after the fcrpetu21, fourteenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, for ever.

CAP. IV.

An Act to prohibit Assurance on Ships belonging to France, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden thereon, during the present War with France.

Assurance on Ships or Merchandizes belonging to France, prohibited during the present War; and Contracts for such Policies declared void. 500l. Penalty on Persons making Assurance on French Ships or Effects.

EXP.

CAP. V.

An Act for repairing the Highroad from the Town of Bows, in the County of York, to Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham, and from thence through Staindrop to Newgate in Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate along Gibb Chair to Gattndless Bridge, and from thence by Mtldcrjlm Gill, other\yife Goundou Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years, &c.

CAP. VI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. j^miy

EXP. 21 Geo. 2. c. 13.

CAP. VII.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight. EXP. At 4 r. in the Pound.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for impowering George Montgomerie and Thomas Byrd, Esquires, and Ezra Patching, to complete an Undertaking, for furnishing the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places of Stratford, jvejlkam, Bromley, Bow, Mile end, Stepney and other Parishes and Places adjacent with Water; and for better securing their Property in such Undertaking.

PR.

CAP. IX.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves. for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

EXP.

Further Time to z8 Nov. 17+8, allowed to Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves. None to be restored to Places already avoided by Judgement, or filled up.

CAP. X

An Act for explaining, amending and further enforcing the Execution of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of four millions four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties.

hepv.eas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his j5 Geo. C

VY present Majesty, (entitled. An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Win

dows and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon: Houses, Windows or Lights;

and for raising the Sum of four millions four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said

or Duties) it was enacted, That there should be charged, raised, levied and paid unto his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows or Lights, in the said Act mentioned; and diverse Provisions were made, and Directions given by the said Act, for the assessing, rai

collecting, levying and paying of the several Rates and Duties thereby granted: And whereas

have arisen concerning the Construction of the said Act; and the Provisions made thereby for the assessing, charging, raising and paying of the said Rates and Duties have proved ineffectual to answer the Purposes intended by the said Act; and the Times appointed by the said Act for hearing and determining

of Appeals have been found to be inconvenient: Therefore, for the obviating and removing of all Doubts, and to the end that the said Rates and Duties may for the future be rated, asserted and raised in one uniform and equal Manner throughout Great Britain; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Ma

3 jesty.

G. io.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1748.

Windows in Houses conti f nous to, or dif joined from the Dwelling houfs, to be charged.

skylights to be charged.

who are not qualified.

50 Geo. z, C 3.

§.8.

Power given to the of to enlarge

jessy, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, 2nd Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, every Kitchen, Scullery, Buttery, Pantry, Larder, Washhouse, Laundry, Bakehouse, Brewhouse, and lodging room belonging to or occupied with any dwelling house, whether the same shall or shall not be within or contiguous to, or disjoined from the Body of such dwelling house, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of such dwelling house; and all Windows or Lights therein shall be accordingly charged with the Rates and Duties granted by the said at.

II. And whereas Doubts have been raised, whether skylights, or Windows or Lights in stair cases, ' Garrets, Cellars, passages and some other Parts of dwelling houses, are chargeable with the said Tax, ' by virtue of the said Act; 'Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That skylights and Windows or Lights in the said Places, and in all other Parts of dwelling houses, to what Use or Purpose soever applied, were, are and shall be deemed to be chargeable with the said Duties.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who now is, or hereafter shall be named or appointed a Commissioner for putting in Execution any Act of Parliament for granting an Aid

Penalty on Com to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, shall act as a Commissioner for putting in Executioners a£hng cution the Powers granted by the said Act or this present Act, for raising the said Duties upon Houses, Windows or Lights, unless such Person shall be duly qualified to act as a Commissioner for putting any such Act in Execution, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Acting the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be levied as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Actdiredted to be levied.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That that Part of the said Act, whereby the Commissioners thereby appointed for putting the same in Execution have Power to enlarge, alter, abate on diminish the Assessments to be delivered to the said Commissioners, before such Commissioners shall have set their Hands to such respective assessments, teflifying their Allowance thereof, shall be, and the same is here

or abate the Af. by repealed.

ifffir.ents, rev. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of Anarch one thousand fe aff ivments de ven hundred ard forty-eight, no Assessment which shall be made or delivered to the said Commissioners, or livered to the ny three or more of them, pursuant to the said Act, or this present Act, shall be altered or diminished be of fore the Time herein after appointed, or directed to be appointed, for the hearing and determining of ap not to be olter»j, peals, and then only upon the said Commissioners hearing the Matter of the Appeal particularly relating hut upon hear thereto, or concerning the same, upon a General appeal day.

Appeahdav"0"

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Rates Surveyors to cer an Duties granted by the said Act, appointed or to be appointed, as in the said Act is mentioned, shall tify, by way of twice in every Year, to wit, on or before the tenth Day of August and the tenth Day of January yearly. Surcharge, certify in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, by way of Surcharge, to any three or more of the said Commissioners, what dwelling houses, Windows or Lights have been omitted to be charged with the said Rates and Duties in the Assessment made of the same, for the then current Year and that thereupon, and upon Oath being first made, that Notice was left in Writing at the dwelling houses of the several Occupiers so charged or surcharged by virtue of such Certificate, that the Surveyors intended to charge them in given to theoc sich Manner, and for such Number of Windows or Lights as they shall be charged for by virtue of such Co*e r sc Certificate, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall cause such Assessments to be rectified on.m oners accorc]; ng to such Certificate, and delivered to the Collectors; and the said Rates and Duties to be levied accordingly.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That those Parts of the said Act whereby it is enacted, That the Day or Days of Appeal which should be appointed by the said Commissioners, should lie within thirty Days from the respective quarterly Days, by the said Act appointed for Payment of the said Rates and Duties; and that all Appeals once heard and determined by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or the major Part of them then present, on the Day or Days by them appointed for hear 3' ing Appeals, should be final without any further Appeal; and that all Questions and Differences that should arise, touching any of the said Rates and Duties, should be heard and finally determined by three or more of the Commissioners, upon Complaint thereof to them made by any Person or Persons thereby grieved, without further Trouble or Suit in Law, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; and that from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, all such Appeals as Commissioners shall lie made to the said Commissioners, between the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twentieth Day of to appoint Days August yearly, shall be heard and determined by the said Commissioners upon such Days as shall by them for Appeals, he appointed for the hearing of such Appeals, between the twentieth Day of Aitguji and the fifteenth Day of September following; and that all such other Appeals as shall be made to the said Commissioners, between the twenty-ninth Day of September and the twentieth Day of January following yearly, shall be heard and determined by the said Commissioners, upon such other Days as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for the hearing thereof, between the twentieth Day of January and the tenth Day of February following yearly.

VII. (. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall not upon the hearing of any Appeal, make any Abatement or Defalcation in the Charge or Surcharge made upon any Person by the said Assessment, or the Surcharge of the said Surveyor, but the same shall stand good and remain Part of the annual Assessment, unless it shall then appear to the said commissioner, by Examination upon Oath, that such Person is overrated in and by the said Assessment or the said Surcharge; and every Person intending to appeal to the said Commissioners shall, and is hereby required to give at the lead ten Days Notice thereof in Writing to the said Surveyor, or to one or more of the Assess ors of the Parish wherein such Person is rated, of such Intention to appeal; and such Surveyor and afieltors may then and there attend tojuftify the said Assessment and Surcharge; and such Surveyor and

assessbisj

Houses and Windows omitted in the current Year. not.ce to be

to redtily the assessments. clauses in the A relating to a certain Time for appealing, repealed.

50 Geo. z, C

I

No Abatement to be made, unless it appears on th that the Person is over rated.

Ten Days Notice to be given of Appeals.

A fie ficus and Appellant to be present.

97

A.D. 1748. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. c. 10.

Assessors, and Appellant, unless they misbehave, hall have full and free Liberty to be present during all the Time of hearing such respective Appeal, and of the said Commissioners determining the same.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Appeals once heard and determined Appeals heard by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or the major Part of them then present on the tc ke fin3f day or Days by them appointed for hearing of Appeals, shall be final, except as is herein after directed. Exception.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if either the said Surveyor, or the Person Surveyor«so appealing in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in Wales, or in Berwick upon Tweed, shall ap ^ppellant prehend the Determination made by the said Commissioners to be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning'11 of this and the said former Act, and shall then declare himself dissatisfied with such Determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Surveyor, or Person respectively, to require the said Commissioners to 'he commis date specially and sign the Case upon which the Question arose, together with their Determination there ca'"e°to'7^ upon; which Case the said Commissioners, or the Major Part of them then present, are hereby required to transmitted to date and sigh accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the Party making such Requedas afore one of the said, to be by him transmitted to one of the Justices of the Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or to Judges,

one of the Barons of the Coif of the Exchequer for the time being; and every such Justice and Baronis who is to give hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to return an answer to such Case so transmitted, with his Opi his Opinion, and nion thereupon subscribed thereto, according to which Opinion so certified, the Adedment which shall have t|7baflifi lncnjt been the Cause of such Appeal shall be altered or confirmed; and that if either the said Surveyor, or the thereby^Person so appealing in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandfhali apprehend the Determination made Surveyor or ap by the said Commissioners to be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this and the said former Aid, pellantin scot and shall then declare himself dissatisfied with such Determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for land dissatisfied such Surveyor, or Person dissatisfied respectively, to require the said Commissioners, or the major Part of ^1°nceed^ "lke, them then present, to date specially and sign the Case upon which the Question arose, together with their mn61> L L

Determination thereupon; which Case the said Commissioners are hereby required to date and sign accordingly,

and to cause the same to be delivered to the Party making such Requed as aforesaid, to be by him transmitted to one of the judges of the Court of Session, or of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, and every such Judge and Baron is hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to return an Answer to such Case so transmitted, with his Opinion thereupon subscribed thereto, according to which Opinion so.

certified the Adedment which shall have been the Cause of such Appeal shall be altered or confirmed: provided always, That notwithstanding any such Case so transmitted to any of the said Justices, Judges or Ba fiuners to°rtami* rons, the.determination of the said Commissioners shall dand with respect to the Payments which shall be with re, 'pea to come due precedent to the Opinion certified by any such Justice, Judge or Baron, upon such Case. Payments due.

XI. And whereas, in order to evade the Payment of the Duties upon Windows or Lights, several Regulations Windows or Lights in several dwelling houses have been fraudulently, and not effectually dopped up concerning the Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Window or Light shall be deemed to be dop Win

ped up, unless such Window or Light diall be dopped up effectually with Stone or Brick, or Plaider upon Lath, or upon any other Materials commonly used to plaider upon, or with the same Kind of Materials whereof the Outside of such dwelling house doth chiefly confid.

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall be condrued to extend to any Windows which Proviso forwia were really and bona fide dopped up. with any Materials whatsoever before the making of the said Act g 'ore hefaa the last Session of Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Payment of any of the Rates and None to gain a Duties granted by the said Act, by any Occupier or Occupiers of any dwelling house or Houses in any Parish Settlement by or Place, shall not entitle the Person or Persons so paying such Rates or Duties to a legal Settlement in such j3^sntoft e e Pari fa or Place.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall! at any Penalty of ob time hereafter wilfully obstruct or moled any Affedor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, in the due Ex structing execution of his or their said Office or Offices, Duty or Duties respectively, such Person or Persons shall, fleers

for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied in such Manner as the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act are dirtfted to be levied.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be levied by War Fines, C levied.

rant under the Hands and Seals of three or more of the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, or by by Warrant to this present Act, pursuant to the Directions of and in the said Act, or of this present Act (save only and except one Moiety of such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as shall be imposed and levied for and in respect jjcept t°hewoi of the opening of any Window or Light, after the same is dopped up, without giving such Notice as is re ety due to the qujrcd by the said Act, which shall be paid to the Person who shall give Notice or Information of the open Informer;

i ng such Window or Light) shall! be respectively paid to the Collector or Collectors of the Parish or Place within which the same shall be levied; and the same shall be respectively added to the respective Assessments and to be added of the said Rates and Duties, within, or for such Parish or Place respectively delivered or to be delivered to to the Anyth e Collectors, and also to the Duplicates, within, or for the same Parish or Place, and be given in charge ments> c to the respective Receivers General, and be paid to them respectively, together with and amongd the said Rates and Duties, and be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That that Part of the said Act, whereby the Clause relating to Commissioners thereby appointed for putting the same in Execution, have Power of rating and afllffing any the Powers given other Commissioners or Aueffors, who reside or dwell in the respective Divisions, for which they act for or

In respect of the said Duties on Houses, Windows or Lights thereby granted, shall be, and the same is ..her repealed." hereby repealed; and that from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred 20geo.i, C 3, and forty-eight, the several Commissioners and Ad'effors redding in any County, Shire, Stewartry or other § js.

Place, shall be assessed for such Rates and Duties, by the Assessors appointed for the respective Place or Commissioners Places, wherein such Commissioners and Assessors reside, in the same Manner as any other Persons redding there are rated or affected; thing in this or the said former Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

C ro

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1748.

Commissioners to caiife A nears to "bo levied.

XVII. And whereas it may happen, that several Arrears of the said Duties upon Houses, Windows, or f Lights, granted by the said former Acts, may from time to time remain unsatisfied and unpaid, which ought to have been levied and paid at the Times and in the Manner by the said Acts directed; 'it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in all such Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Persons, who are or shall be nominated or appointed Commissioners for putting the said former and this present Act in Execution for the time being (being duly fv/orn and qualified as aforesaid in that Behalf) or so many of them as are thereby empowered to cause the said respective Duties to be afieffed, levied, and paid, to cause the Moneys, so from time to time in Arrear and unpaid as aforesaid, to be raised, levied and collectedby the respective Collectors of the several Parishes or Places, Shires or Boroughs, where such Arrears shall happen, by the same Ways and Means, and in the same Manner, and under the like Penalties, as are directed and appointed by the said former or this present Act, with respect to the raising or levying the said Duties; and the Moneys so received by the said Collectors for any such Arrears, shall be paid to the respective Receivers General where such Arrears shall happen, to the end the same maybe paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned,

XVIII. And whereas Doubts have arisen, in what Manner the said Duties Should be rated and paid within the several Inns of Court and Chancery, 'Be it further enacted and declared, That every inhabi liow to be rated, tant, or Occupier of any Chamber in the said Inns of Court or Chancery, shall be rated and pay for every Window or Light in his Chamber the Sum of one Shilling.

Persons renting

XIX. Provided always, That no Inhabitant or Occupier of any such Chamber shall be compelled to pay, chambers, not or to contribute towards the Payment of the Duty of two Shillings, charged by the said Act, and made obfiror abie to payable by the Inhabitant or Occupier of a dwelling house inhabited.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Plaint, Suit or Information shall be brought, commenced or prosecuted again! any Commissioner or Commissioners, Assessor or Assessors, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, for or concerning any Act, Matter or Thing, that he, they, or any of them, shall do or cause to be done, in pursuance or Execution of the said Actor of this present Act, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, such Person or Persons so sued in any Court whatsoever, shall and may plead the General Issue, Not Guilty, and upon I flue joined, may give the said Act, and this present Act, and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer a Discontinuance; if a Verdict pass again! him, the Defendants shall recover treble Costs, for which they shall have the like Remedy, as in Cases where Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

XXI. And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that the Powers granted by the said Act for charging, raising, levying and coljedting of the Duties aforesaid upon the Windows or Lights liable to the same in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, have been ineffectual be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surveyor or Surveyors, appointed or to to be appointed as by the said Act is directed, shall have Power, twice in the Year, to enter into, and pass through any House or Houses, within nfntii°, rfc.iewinb any City or Royal Burgh in Scotland, and view the same internally as well as externally, and to view any other House or Houses in Scotland externally, and in like Manner, as Surveyors are empowered to view Houses by the said Act, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates and Duties, by the said Act granted as aforesaid, with respect to Lights or Windows of dwelling houses in Scotland, liable for the same, shall be paid by the Inhabitants or Occupiers for the time being, of the respective dwelling houses in which such Lights or Windows are contained, his, her or their Heirs or Executors respectively half yearly, at the Days of Payment following; that is to say, the twenty-ninth Day of September and twenty-fifth Day of March, by f vn and equal Portions; the Rrlt Payment thereupon to be made the twenty-ninth Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, for the Half Year, commencing from the Term of tfhitfunday, and ending at the Term of Martinmas in the said Year and the second Payment to be made the twenty-fifth Day of March aforesaid which shall be in die Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, for the Half Year, commencing from the said Term of Martinmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, and ending at the Term of jthitfunday in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and soon half yearly thereafter.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Execution of the said Act with regard to Scotland, and

V the Land Ta for the charging, ordering, raising, collecting, levying and paying of the several Rates and Duties by the

in Sco: iand, to said Act granted, and chargeable for or in respect of the Windows or Lights of any dwelling house there,

commibion au and every the Persons named or appointed to be Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this for thrs Act. present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land '1 axe, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, or who shall hereafter be named or appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution any future Act or Acts of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by a Land 'Pax in Great Britain, in and for the several Shires, Stewartries, Cities or Boroughs in Scotland, being duly qualified as aforesaid, shall lie Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, within and for the respective Shires., Stewartries, Cities or Boroughs within Scotland, for which they severally are or shall he

named rind appointed Commissioners of the Land Tax as aforesaid; said Commissioners, in order ta

the speedy Execution of this Act, shall meet together at the most common or ufunl Place ot their Meeting as Commissioners of the Land Tax, within their respective Shires, Stewartries, Cities or Boroughs, on or before the fid'rdtednesday of July one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, for charging and ordering the first of the two half yearly Payments before mentioned, and on or, before the sir It l/ednejdjy of January next thereafter, for charging and ordering the second of the said half yearly Payments befo.e mentioned, and In like Manner shall meet yearly and every Year on the fir£t ll 'cdnrfday of cadi of the said two Months

of

Windowsill the Inns of Court

chargeable to the Duty of a s.

Officers, C sued, may plead the

General lilac

[Treble Costs.]

Power to Surveyors in Scotland for vie of Houses.

The Rates in Scotland to be aid half yearly.

commifii^ne

Times and places of Meeting.

99

A.D. 1748. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. c. 10.

of July and January, for the charging and ordering of the Payments for the half year, current at and on the said respective Days; and the said Commissioners, or so many of them as shall be present at any of the Meetings to be held on the said dated Days, dial] direct their Precept or Precepts (under the Hand of such one of them, as shall, by the major Part of those met, be elected Preies of the Meeting) to such Inhabitants of every Parish, within their several Shires, Stewartries, Cities or Boroughs, and such Number of them as the major of the Commissioners so met shall in their Discretions think most convenient to be af feflors, to the Effect: after mentioned, requiring them to appear before the said Commissioners in their said usual Place of Meeting, at a Day to be specified in the said Precept or Precepts, which shall not exceed ten.

Days, from the dated Day of Meeting aforesaid; at and on the Day so prefixed, the said Commissioners shall again meet, and shall then openly read or cause to be read to the Inhabitants of each Parish, required to appear as aforesaid, or such of them as shall appear, the several Rates and Duties in the said Act, and openly declare the Effect of their Charge unto them, and how or in what Manner they ought and should make their Certificates and Assessments according to the several Rates aforesaid, and shall then and there Afitfiors to te administer an Oath to the said Inhabitants, or such of them as shall be there present, and shall be appointed (worn. Assessors by the said Commissioners for the due and faithful Administration of their said Office, and prefix daystobeprr another Day, not exceeding fifteen Days longer, for the said Persons to appear again before the said Com fixcdfortiingins missioners, and the said Persons shall then appear accordingly, and bring in their Certificates in Writing in Certificates, under their Hands, of every dwelling house inhabited and charged by the aforesaid Act, within the Limits of those Parishes for which they severally aft, and of the Number of Windows or Lights in each House, together with the Names of the several Occupiers or Inhabitants of each respective dwelling house aforesaid, and of the several Spins of Money which they ought to pay by virtue of the said Act, without Concealment or Favour, upon Pain of Forfeiture of any Sum, not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, Sterling Money, to be levied as by this Act is appointed; and that the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them as shall be present, shall, upon the Day appointed for the first General Meeting of the collcflnrsto be Commissioners of Shires and Stewartries, Cities and Boroughs, for the Land Tax, granted for the Service appointed; of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, by the Act: of this present Session of Parliament before mentioned, and soon such Day as shall be appointed for the first General Meeting of the said of for the Land Tax, to be granted for the Service of any subsequent Year by any future Act: or Acts of Parliament, granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, cleft and choose some one fit Person to be Collector of the said Rates and Duties arising within the Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough for which the said Commissioners are Commissioners, and shall take Bond with fufliciem Caution from him, for his who are to give due and faithful Administration of his said Office, and for his duly paying over at Edinburgh the Rates or Security, Duties and other Sums to be by him collected by virtue of the said Act, or this present Act, within forty Days after the Terms before mentioned, appointed for Payment thereof, unto such Personas shall, from time to time, be appointed by his Majesty, or the Commissioners of the Treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or by the High Treasurer for the time being, to be receiver-general of the said Rates or Duties arising from Windows or Lights within Scotland, under a Penalty of one hundred Pounds Sterling, to be forfeited in case of Failure in the due and faithful Administration of his Office, Pena!;, -, or in the due Payment of the Moneys to be received by him, which Bond the Commissioners taking the Aeon.) to (, n>, same, shall cause to be forthwith registered in the Books of Council and Session, and deliver an Extract gifterej, and an thereof to the receiver-general to be appointed as aforesaid, and the said receiver-general shall pay so e*trafl given to much of the said Rates and Duties, and Sums, as he shall receive from every such Collector (with deauc tion of his own Allowance in respect: thereof) into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, c11 "ra wc' by half yearly Payments on the several Days herein before appointed for Payment thereof, or within forty Days after.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Collector to be elected for each Shire, Stewartry, City or ccllc&nr to give Borough as aforesaid, shall, within the Space of six Days after Delivery of the Copy to him aforesaid, of a Copy of the said Assessments for the same, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to some one of the Persons who were ^1'atci af appointed Assessors for each Parish, within such Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, a Copy under his Hand, a, jdan of the said Assessment for such Parish, with an Order thereon for such assessors delivering a Note of the Order, thereon, Sum assessed upon or for every dwelling house charged within such Parish, to some Person within the said a. dwelling house, in case Access can be had, or affixing such Note on the Door of such dwelling house; and the Assess or to whom such Copy and Order shall be delivered, shall, within six Days after the Receipt Afliflor to re thereof, make Notification as aforesaid thereupon, and return the said Copy and Order to the Collector rn tile from whom he received the same, with a Certificate upon Oath before one of the Commissioners aforesaid, C that lie did notify the same in the Form prescribed by this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person and Persons liable to and charged with any of the Penalty of not Rates or Duties before mentioned, for or in respect: of any dwelling house in Scotland, shall be obliged, f1 v'ntgjti'; rt and is hereby required to make Payment of the Sum which shall be assessed upon him, her or them, to the Days after' Collector of the Shire, Stewartry, City, Borough cr Parish, where such dwelling house lies, at his Office, Notification, within such City, Borough or Parish, or within the Plead Burgh of such Shire or Stewartry respectively,

within the Space of ten Days after Notification shall have been made to him, her or them, in the Manner herein prescribed, of such Sum, upon Pain of forfeiting treble the Sum, in case he or she fail to make the said Payment within the said Time; and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Commis Commissioners fioner aforesaid, for any Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, and every such Commissioner is hereby re ifnrcwarrants quired, upon the Application of the Collector of the Rates and Duties aforesaid, for such Shire, Stewartry, tke

City or Borough, and Inspection had of the Assessors Certificate of Notification, to ifl ue and grant a Wat; - u lis' rant or Warrants under his Hand, for the said Collectors poinding or distraining the Goods and Effects of any Person or Persons mentioned in such Certificate, and who shall not have paid the Sum therein assessed upon him, her or them, or any movable Goods or Effects, being for the Time within the Dwelling

O 1 house.

I GO C 10.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1748.

onlledvois to <jili rain,

and make s^le.

house, for the Windows of which such Sum hall happen to be assessed and due, for Payment of the said Forfeiture; and the said Collector shall be, and is hereby empowered to cause Poind or Distrain accordingly, and the Goods so poinded or dii trained to keep by the Space of four Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Owners thereof; and if the said Owners do not pay the respective Sums of Money, 'for which such

Method of charging the Duties in Scotland.

Warrant of Poinding or Distress was granted, within the said four Days, then the said Goods shall be appraised at, and in the Place where they are, by two or more Persons, to be called and sworn for that purpose, and shall be sold for Payment of the said Sums of Money, and the Charges of taking and keeping the Poind and Distress, and the Overplus coming by such Sale (if any be) to be immediately restored to the For want of Di Owner; and where no Goods fuss.cient for Payment of the said Sums can or may be found, to be poinded toifto be'c!m*or distrained, and the Person liable, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, in every such Case any one of mined. the Commissioners aforesaid, shall be, and hereby is authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand,

to commit such Person to the common Gaol, there to be kept without Bail, until Payment shall be made; Collectors not and in case any such Collector in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland., shall not make Payment of the makingpaymenc Sums to be received by him, in Terms of his Bond aforesaid, to the receiver-general to be appointed as to e sued, Sic. aforesaid. Diligence shall and may proceed by Horning, Arrestment, Poinding, Denunciation, Caption, Imprisonment and otherwise, upon such Bond, against such Collector and his Cautioners, at the Suit of the said receiver-general, for Payment of the whole Sums affected upon the Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough for which he is Collector, in so far as they have not been paid unto the said receiver-general, and of the Penalty in such Bond, subject to such Relief and Modification in Law or Equity, as shall be awarded and granted by the Lord Chief Baron of his Majesty's Exchequer in Scotland, or by any two of the said Barons, upon summary Application to be made to them by such Collector, and giving Notice to, and Hearing the said receiver-general on Behalf of his Majesty.

XXVI. and for obviating Doubts which may arise about the Charging of Windows or Lights, and the Persons liable in Payment of the Rates and Duties for the same, in Scotland, within the Meaning of the aforesaid Act:, and of this present Act; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and Persons occupying any dwelling house in any Edifice or Land, within any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town or Place respectively, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, having more than nine Windows, whether such dwelling house be in a separate Building, and under a distinct and separate Roof, or be part of any Edifice, Land or Building, and under the same Roof with other dwelling houses, and which dwelling house any Persons shall have been in Possession of, at eny Time after the Term of Whitsunday or Martinmas, immediately preceding any of the half yearly Days, appointed for the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers, and Tenant or Tenants of such House, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such dwelling house was a separate Building, and under a distinct and separate Roof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Commissioners hereby appointed for putting the said Act in Execution, with regard to Scotland, shall refuse or neglect to issue their Precept or Precepts, under the Pland of such one of them, as shall, by the major Part of those met, be elected Presses of the Meeting, to such Inhabitants of every Parish, within their several Shires, Stewartries, Cities or Boroughs, and such Number of them, as the major Part of the Commissioners so met, shall, in their Discretions, think most convenient to be assess ors as aforesaid, requiring them to appear before the said Commissioners as herein before is mentioned; or if the Persons who shall be so required to appear, shall refuse or neglect to appear

as is herein before directed, or if the Persons who shall be appointed Assessors by the said Commissioners, as herein before is mentioned, shall fail or neglect to bring in their Certificates in Writing, under their Hands, of every dwelling house inhabited or charged by the said Act, within the Limits of those Parishes in which they shall severally be appointed to act, and of the Number of Windows or Lights in each House, with the Names of the several Occupiers or Inhabitants of each respective dwelling house, and of the Sums of Money which they ought to pay by virtue of the said Act, as aforesaid; if the Did Commissioners, or the major Part of them, who shall be present upon the Day appointed for the first General Meeting of the Commissioners of Shires and Stewartries, Cities and Boroughs, for the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, or on such Days, as shall be appointed for the first General Meeting of the Commissioners of the Land Tax, to be granted for the Service of any fub sequentyear, by any future Act or Acts of Parliament, shall fail or neglect to elect and choose some fit Person to be Collector of the said Rates and Duties as aforesaid, or to take such Bond, with sufficient Caution from him, for his due Execution of the said Office, and for other Purposes herein before di rvcj ors to redted; that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to make a Certificate in Writing, under their respective Hands, of every dwelling house inhabited or charged by the said Act, within the Limits of those Parishes in which they severally act, and of the Number of Windows or Lights in each House, with the Names of the several Occupiers or Inhabitants of each respective dwelling house, and of the Sums of Money which they ought to pay by virtue of the said Act as aforesaid, and to return such Certificates to the Surveyors General of the said Rates and Duties at edir.hirgh, who are forthwith to deliver the same to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Barons, or any two of them, to appoint Collectors for collecting the said Rates and Duties as aforesaid, within such respective Places, and that the Collectors so to be appointed by two of the said Barons as aforesaid, shall have the lame Power to eolledt, receive and recover the said Rates and Duties, as such Collectors would have had in case they had been appointed to be Collectors by the said Commissioners as aforesaid; that the said Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland shall have all such and the same Powers to act in and about the collecting, recovering, getting in, receiving and paying of the said Rates and Duties upon Houses, as are given to the said Commissioners by the said former Act, or this present Act, so that the said Rates and Duties may be fully and cfledtually raised and paid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act, and of this present Act."

Commissioners and Aficflors neglecting their Duly,

the Su return cates to the Surveyor General, C

The Barons to appoint collec tws«

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred for any Offences Forfeitures to against this Act in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland (other than those to be incurred by any Col whom payable, lector shall be and he made payable to the Collector of the Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, within which the same shall be incurred; and all Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred by any Person for any and how to be Offence against this Act, for levying of which there is no particular Way herein before prescribed or ap t?l°vered. pointed, shall be levied by Warrant under the Hands of three or more Commissioners of Supply for such Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, by poinding and distraining, and Sale of the offender's Goods, rendering the Overplus to the Owner thereof, after Deduction of reasonable Charges for distraining the same; Account to be and that the Collector of every Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, shall keep an exact Account of all Fines, kept of the For forfeitures and Sums of Money which he shall happen to levy in Force of this Act, other than and beside fcituies> c the single Rates and Duties to be contained in the Act'eftment to be delivered to him signed by the of as aforesaid, separate and distinct from his Account of the said single Rates and Duties, and shall lay such Account before the Commissioners aforesaid half yearly, at the Time of their stated half yearly Meetings as aforesaid; said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall have Power to deduct A, i°wance tote and allow to such Collector, such Part of the Sums charged in his separate Account, as to them shall seem qgrst0 Co' meet, for answering and defraying the Expense of levying the same, or such other incidental Expenses as*1 s' may accrue and arise in the Execution of this Act, and are not thereby provided for: And the said Commis Certificates of sioners shall cause to be transmitted Certificates of the Balance remaining due on every such Account, to the ^transmiued0 Offices of the King's Remembrancer in the Exchequer in Scotland, and of the receiver-general to be ap to thaiahc pcinted for the Rates and Duties aforesaid, at Edinburgh, to the End chat such Balance may be made a Charge quer. upon such Collector; such Collector shall be obliged, and may be compelled, to pay the Balance so certified, to the said receiver-general; and the said receiver-general shall be obliged to pay the same into Receiver gene the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, in the same Manner as is herein before provided with ral to pay the respect to the aforesaid Rates and Duties. Moneys into the Exchequer at Westminster. See farther 26 Geo. 2. c. 17. 31 Geo. 2. C zz* 3a Geo. 2. 033

CAP. XI.

An Act for further regulating the Proceedings upon court-martial in the Sea Service, and for extending the Discipline of the Navy to the Crews of his Majesty's Ships, wrecked, lost, or taken and for continuing to them their Wages upon certain Conditions. [Rep. 22 Geo. 2. c. 33.

C \X/HEREA5 ^evera^ Laws heretofore made, relating to court-martial in the Sea Service, have not proved effectual to answer the Ends thereby proposed; for remedying and supplying the e said Defects, and for maintaining a proper and strict Government and Discipline in his Majesty's Navy Be it enacted, &c.

"The Officer upon whom the Command of a Fleet, C shall devolve, empowered to hold court-martial. "The Officer next in Command, to preside. The Commander in Chief to impower the Commander of "a Squadron, ordered on separate Service, to hold court-martial. Where five or more Ships meet in foreign reign Parts, the senior Captain to hold court-martial, and preside. Where it shall be improper for the et Officer next in Command to preside, the third Officer to be appointed. Admiralty empowered to direct "Officer shall hold court-martial in any Port in Great Britain or Ireland. No court-martial to consist "more than9or less than j. Where there are not more than 3 Captains to be had, other Commanders "to be called in No Member of the Court to go on Shore, till Sentence given. Officers constituting a "court-martial to take an Oath. The Judge Advocate to take an Oath. Penalty of an Evidence guilty "of Contempt or Misbehaviout; or of Perjury, &'c. Articles of War established by 18 Geo. 2. c. 3 3. to "be in Force with respect to the Crews of Ships lost, & C Clause for continuing their Pay to the Officers "and Men, after a Ship is taken by an Enemy, &c. Act 18 Geo. 2. c. 35. and Part of 2 W. & M. ap "the Form of an Oath, repealed."

Cap. xn.

An Act for holding the Summer Assizes for the County of Buckingham at the County Town of Buckingham.

WHEREAS for many Years past it hath been usual in the Administration of Justice to his Majesty's Subjects, residing at the different Ends of the County of Buckingham, which is of a great Length, to appoint the Summer Affixes at the county Town of Buckingham, and the Winter Assizes at Aylesbury

And whereas this Usage was unnecessarily broken in upon in the last Summer: And whereas it will tend to preserve the Peace and Quiet of the County to fix the Distribution of Justice in its usual Channel, within the said County Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty and with the Advice and Consent 0i the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affetnbled, Surrmer and by the Authority of the same, ft hat from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred 07"lS and forty-eight, all the Commissions of Assize and Nisi prius, and all General Commissions of Oyer and Ter Buckingham miner, and all Commissions of General Gaol Delivery, which shall be appointed to be held and executed to be held at for the said County next after the Term of Holy Trinity, shall be held and executed in each Year at and in Buckingham

the earl'

102 C 13, x4.: Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 174.8.

the said Town of Buckingham, and at no other Place within the said County of Buckingham; any Law, Statute, Wage, Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

In cases of Exi

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any gency only, the Time hereafter the said Town of Buckingham shall be wholly unfit for holding the Assizes there, by Accident removecuofon ^'re' or T Means of any Contagious or Epidemical Distemper, or by any other linforefcen Cause or cahetphce du Exigency, to be made appear before the Lord High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners ring their Con for keeping the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being; that then, and in such Cases only, it shall tinuaoce. and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for keeping the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, with the Advice of the Justices of Assize, from time to time, in and timing the Continuance of such respective Exigencies only, and for and at no other Time or Times, to appoint another convenient Place within the said County for holding the said Assizes, instead of the said Town of Buckingham; anything in this present Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for pitnishing Mutiny and Defer lion \ and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

Ga. 3, C 6,

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act made this Session of Parliament, entitled, An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; it is provided and declared, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, when and as often as any Person or Persons should be infilled as a Soldier or Soldiers in his Majesty's Land Service, he and they were to be carried before the next Justice of Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate, who was required, in case such Person or Persons appeared to be duly infilled, to certify under his Hand, among other Things, that the seventh and tenth Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion werexead to such Person and Persons: whereas in the said Clause, Mention is made of the seventh and tenth Articles of War by Mistake, instead of the second and sixth Sections of such articles for rectifying the said Mistake, be it enacted, ksc.

45 Justices to certify, that the second and sixth Sections of those Articles of War were read to Persons in "

CAP. XIV.

An Act for permitting Tea to be exported to Ireland, and his Majesty's Plantations in America, without paying the Inland Duties charged thereupon by an Act of the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and for enlarging the Time for some of the Payments to be made on the Subscription of six millions three hundred thousand Pounds, by virtue of an Act of this Session of Parliament.

jjs Oca. sc, 25. 4 Y

WHEREAS in and by an Act passed in the eighteenth Yeat of the Reign of his rrefent Majesty (entitled, Act for repealing the present Inland Duty of Four Shillings yet Pound Height upon all

the twenty-fourth Day of Jane one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and r.lfo a further Duty of - twenty-five Pounds for every one hundred Pounds, of the gross Price at which such Tea should be sold at the public Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Baste Indies, and pro portionably for a greater or Idler Sum, over and above all Customs, Subsidies and Duties payable to his Majesty for the same upon the Importation thereof; which find several Duties of one Shilling per Pound Weight, and twenty-five Pounds per Centum, it is thereby enacted should be paid down in ready Money by the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Tea, or such Person or Persons as should be appointed by him, her or them, to the Receiver or Collector of the said Inland Duties, before such Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons, Should receive or takeout for any Purpose whatsoever stich Tea, from the Warehouse or Warehouses wherein the same was appointed to be lodged, by an Act made in the tenth yecco.i. c. 10. e Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, according to the Directions of the said Act: And whereas the Importation of Tea into this Kingdom, by the said Waited Company of Merchants of England trading to the eq/l Indies, may he greatly increased, if the same be permitted to be exported to Ireland, and his Majesty's Plantations in America, without paying the Duties charged thereupon by the said Act We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem tea permitted to poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from

be exported to Ireland and A

and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, all such Tea as shall then have been, or hereafter shall be imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain from any Foreign Parts, and which nca without shall be afterwards exported to the Kingdom of Ireland, or to his Majesty's Plantations in America, and thl n' which hall have been duly entered, and for which the several Subsidies mid additional Imposts due on the

Iniporla

A.D. 1748. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. c. 14. 103

Importation thereof, shall have been paid or secured to be paid, and which shall have been carried orjiut into such Warehouse or Warehouses, as aforesaid, shall and may, from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, upon due Entry thereof being made by the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or by such person or Persons whom they shall appoint for that Purpose, be delivered out of any such Warehouse to the respective Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by him, her or them, and who shall before such Delivery have duly entered the same for Exportation to Ireland, or his Majesty's Plantations in America, without Payment being made of all or any the respective Inland Duties charged or imposed upon the same by the said Act; anything therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Proprietor to Persons, first giving Bond, with sufficient Security to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be approved s've bond rr of by the Commissioners of the said Inland Duties for the time being, or any three of them, or by such exforutlun> Person or Persons as they shall, from time to time, appoint for that Purpose, in double the Value of the Goods, that the same, and every Part thereof shall (the Dangers of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be really and truly exported to, and landed in such Port of the Kingdom of Ireland, or such Place in his maje jessy's Plantations in America, for which the same has been so entered for Exportation, and that the same shall not be exported, or carried to any other Place or Country whatsoever, nor relanded in any Part of Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, jersey or Man, or either of them; and such Bonds so entered into, for Bond not to be the carrying such Tea to the Kingdom of Ireland, or to any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, which discharges tilt has not paid the Inland Duty herein before mentioned, shall not be delivered up nor discharged, until a a Certificate a Certificate shall be produced under the Hands and Seals of the Collefler, Comptroller or Sun eyor of the pr? uce<i oi !h,: Customs of the Port in Ireland, or the Plantations in America, where such Tea shall be landed, testifying the '"1 a: Landing thereof; and for the future, the Condition of all such Bonds to be given for the Exportation of Condition of the any such Tea to Ireland, shall be to produce such Certificate in six Months from the Date thereof (the Dan i5ond ger of the Sens and Enemies excepted) and the Condition of ill such Bonds to be given for the Exportation of any such Tea to the Plantations in America, shall be to produce such Certificate in eighteen Months from the Date thereof (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted) and in case no such Certificate shall be produced within the respective Times herein before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of the said Inland Duties, to cause such Bonds to be put in Suit, unless they shall find sufficient Cause to forbear the same; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: upon such Warehouse proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons, producing to ihe rel pedlive Keeper or Keepers of such keep "p Warehouses, a Certificate or Certificates, signed by such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of his Ma teaxcu^ jesty's Customs for the time being, or any four of them, shall for that Purpose appoint, signifying that such r, ed in the Csc» Entry has been made, and that the several Subsidies and additional imports, due on the Importation tiiereof, tificate; have been paid or secured; a!so producing a Certificate under the Hands of the Commissioners of the said Inland Duties, or any three of them, that such Security for Exportation hath been given as herein before mentioned; which Certificate or Certificates the said Commissioners are hereby required to give accordingly; such warehouse keeper or warehouse keepers shall deliver out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, to such Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons, in the same Package, and no other chan that in which it was imported, so much Tea intended, and entered for Exportation to the aforesaid Places, and no other, as shall be mentioned or expressed in such Certificate or Certificates respectively, without Payment being made of all or any the respective Inland Duties charged or imposed thereon by the said at; the respective warehouse keeper and warehouse keepers are thereupon to give such Proprietor and a permm^ or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons, a Permit or Certificate to accompany such Tea so delivered out, till the same is slipped for Exportation; which Permit or Certificate shall be also signed by an Officer attending the said Warehouse or Warehouses, who shall be appointed by the Commissioners of the said Inland Duties, or the major Part of them, to prevent the seizing thereof; and such Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Proprietors dc Person or Persons, shall, at and before the Tea therein mentioned is slipped or laden on Board the Ship or Vef iiver the Permit fel in which it is entered, and intended to be exported, deliver such Permit or Certificate to the Searcher, to the scmcller» or other proper Officer of the Customs of the Port from which such Tea is entered for Exportation, who is hereby enjoined and required (if he shall have Cause to suspect the Tea to be deficient in Quantity or Quality, from what is or shall be specified in the said Permit or Certificate) to open, weigh, search and strictly exa searcher's r>ufy

mine all the chests, Casks, and other Package, in which such Tea is contained, to see if the Goods agree in Quantity and Quality with the Permit or Certificate signed by the Officer of the said Inland Duties, as rt' "

before mentioned, and whether the same has been rightly and duly entered outwards, and the Quantity and u'

Quality rightly and truly expressed in the exporter's indorsement upon his Entry; and if on such Examination the same shall be found to be right entered, and that they agreee in Quantity and Quality with the Permit or Certificate of the Officers of the said Inland Duties, the Searcher or other proper Officer shall at his own Charge cause the same to be repacked (which Charge shall he allowed to the said Officer by the Commissioners of the Customs, if they think it reasonable) but in case the Officer shall on Examination find such Goods to be of any other Species or Quality, or to be more in Quantity or Quality than is expressed in such Permit or Certificate, or in the exporter's Endorsement upon his Entry outwards, or that they shall have been entered under a wrong Denomination, whereby his Majesty would have been defrauded, all such Goods, together with the Cherts, Casks, and other Package containing the same, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, in such Manner and Form as herein after is expressed.

II. And it is hereby further er.afled, That from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven Te to rt hundred and forty-eight, no Tea shall be exported to the Kingdom of Ireland, or to any of his Majesty's portedinthe Plantations in America, in any Chest, Cask, Tub, or Package whatsoever, other than that in which it was re p..ckag<j originally imported into Great Britain, nor in any less Quantities than in the entire Lot or Lots in which 3. She

Tea entered for Exportation to be marked on the Package

and if found on Shoie again, to be seized.

Book to be kept for entering all Teas delivered out for Exportation,

A Quarterly Account on Oath, to be transmitted to the of, C

Penalty on warehouse keeper offending.

Disposition of the Forfeitures 5

and Method of

recovering

them.

General lftue.

[Treble Costs.]

Zj Geo. t. C 2,

C 14. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1748.

the same was sold at the Sale of the said United Company, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of such Tea, and the Package containing the same.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the said sirs Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, when any Tea is entered for Exportation to Ireland, or any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, the Outside Package in which it is contained, shall, by the Searcher or Searchers belonging to the Customs at the Port from whence the same is intended to be exported, after the Entry thereof, and before the same is shipped, be marked on four different Parts, on the Outside thereof, in such Manner ns the Commissioners of the Customs shall direct; and if any Chest, Cask, Tub, or other Package, shall, after the same has been marked and slipped as aforesaid, be landed, or found again on Shore, having such Marks thereon, such Chest, Cask, Tub, or other Package, with the Tea therein contained, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Inland Duties, in such Manner as herein after is expressed.

IV. And, for preventing the clandestine Delivering of Tea out of the Warehouses herein before mentioned, in order for the Exportation thereof to the Kingdom of Ireland, or to his Majesty's Plantations in America; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Keeper or Keepers of the said Warehouse or Warehouses, who shall be appointed by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs and Inland Duties, shall keep one or more Book or Books, wherein they shall fairly enter in Writing, an exact, particular and true Account of all such Tea which shall, from time to time, be delivered out of the said y/arehouse or Warehouses for Exportation to Ireland, or the Plantations in America, and the Names of the respective person or Persons to whom, or for whose Use, the same was delivered out, and the particular Days and Times when the same was so delivered out; and shall, at the End of every three Months, or oftener if required, transmit in Writing an Account thereof, upon Oath, to the said Commissioners of the Customs and Inland Duties respectively for the time being; and the said Commissioners are hereby required and enjoined, within one Month after the same shall have been transmitted to them, as aforesaid, to appoint one or moreper son or Persons to inspect and examine the same Accounts; and if, upon Examination, it shall appear that any Tea has been delivered out for Exportation to Ireland, or the Plantations, otherwise than and under such Terms, Forms and Conditions performed as herein are before directed, appointed and required for the doing thereof; then the warehouse keeper and warehouse keepers offending therein shall not only be disabled ro hold or enjoy any public Office or Employment, but shall also forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of the several Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act before mentioned shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety shall be. to the Use of such Person or Persons as shall inform, prosecuteor fuefor the same (except in such Cases where any other appropriation or Distribution is made by any other Act or Acts) and that all the same Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be prosecuted and sued for, and the Causes and Controversies arising thereupon tried, heard and determined in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at 1'vejhninster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively (except where any Provision to the contrary is made by any other Law or Statute now in Force) wherein no eftoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, hall be allowed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury hall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff' shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff", the Defendant or Defendants shall or may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

VII. And whereas by an Act: of this present Session of Parliament, (entitled. An All sir granting to his Majesty a Suhfidy of Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom; cr.d ir rai sing a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery., to be charged on the said Stiff dr; and for repealing Jo ' much of an Lit made in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as mails, That the Prize Goods and Merchandise may be exported veithout paying any Duty of Custom cr Exeifc for the same) it is amongst other Things enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreign ers. Bodies Politic of Corporate, to advance and pay unto the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the Sum of six millions three hundred thousand Pounds, for the Purchase of Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from Michael mas one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, and to be charged upon, and payable out of the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act, at the Times, and in the Manner therein mentioned; which said Sum of six millions three hundred thousand Pounds, was thereby appointed to be paid on or before the respective Days and Times, and in the respective Proportions herein after mentioned; that is to say, ten Pounds per Centum by way of Deposit, on or before the twelfth Day of December one thousand seven hun*' and forty seven; ten Pounds per Centum on or before the twenty-eighth Day of January, then next ensuing; ten Pounds per Centum on or before the twenry seventh Day of February, then next ensuing;

ten Pounds per Centum on or before the twenty-fourth day of March, then next ensuing; Pounds per 'centum on or before the twenty second Day of April, then next ensuing; Pounds per Centum cn or before the twenty-fourth Day of May, then next ensuing; Pounds per Cerium on or before the twenty first Day of June, then next ensuing; Pounds per Centum on or before the twenty first Day of July,

then next ensuing; ten Pounds per Centum on or before the twenty-third Day of August, then next en suing; and ten I ounds per Centum on or before the twentieth Day of September, then next following;

and

A.D. 1748. Anno vicesimo priitio g.eorgii II C 35__________17.

', and the said Contributors were to be allowed Interest, after the Rate of five Pounds per Cert'n

4' ntim, for all Sums by them advanced and paid to the said Cashire or Cashires, to be c0rn. --lca 'rom respective Days of the actual Payment thereof to Michaelmas one thousand seven i' uared and forty-eight but in case the said Contributors should fail to make any of their respective p y merits at the Times limited in the said Act for Payment thereof, all Sums by them paid in part of the Principal Sums by them subscrib ed should be forfeited: And whereas, since the making of the A b ft recited, several Sums of ten Pounds per Centum, and other Sums of Money, have been depof -- e with and paid to the said Cashire or Cashires, towards raising the said Sum of six millions three hundred thousand Pounds, and the residue of their said Subscriptions ought to be paid at the respective Days before mentioned, ^but it being thought pro per to enlarge the Time appointed for subsequent Payments on the said Subscriptions, for the better and more effectual Execution of the said Act; 'Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the The tltie eaten Pounds per Centum, which is directed by the said ast to be paid to the said Cashire or Cashires on or be 'larged far same fore the said twenty second Day of April one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, shall and may be paid of the Payments to them on or before the twenty second Day of October following; and that the ten Pounds per Centum, to ^f1*'on01) which is directed to be paid by the said Act to the said Cashire or Cashires on or before the said twenty-fourth jj6 C Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, hall and maybe paid to them on or before the "

twenty-fourth Day of November following, subject to the same Penalties and Forfeitures for nonpayment thereof at the Times hereby limited, as in the said former Act are contained: N eve rth cless, it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that the several and respective other Sums of ten Pounds per Centum, directed to be paid on or before the said twenty first Day of 'june one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, the said twenty first Day of July, the said twenty-third Day of August, and the said twentieth Day of September following, shall be paid to the said Cashire or Cashires on or before those respective Days; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and bait further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Contributors, Contributors to or their Assigns, who were by the said former Act to have paid the respective Payments of ten Pounds per allow 4 1. per Centum on or before the recited Days in April and in May, and who by this present Act are allowed to make Cent per Ann the said Payments on or before the said respective Days in October and November, final allow an Interest after Interest' the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, from Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, for all such Payments which shall be made by them in part of their said several Subscriptions, to be computed from that Day to the Time of the actual Payment thereof to the said Cashire or Cashires; which Interest shall be by them deducted from the Interest of five Pounds per Centum, due to such Contributors or their Assigns on former Payments.

CAP. XV.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Manchester, leading through Neivtcn,

Nailsworth and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Austerlands, in the Parish of Saddleworth,

in the County of York; and for making the same more effectual.

PR.

The Act S Geo. 2. c. 3. continued for 21 Years,

CAP. XVI.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from hertford bridge Hill, to the Town of Basingstoke; also the Road from hertford bridge Hill aforesaid, to the Town of Odiham in the County of Southampton; and for making the said Act more effectual. PR., t

The Act. 10 Geo. 2. c. 12. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to render more effectual an Act: made, in the twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Relief of such of his Majesty's loyal Subjectsin that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whose Title Deeds and Writings were defrayed or carried off by the rebels in the late Rebellion.

PR.

WHEREAS it has by experience been found impracticable, or extremely difficult, for some of his maj esty's dutiful and loyal Subjects in Scotland, whole dwelling houses were invaded or lifted by the Rebels during the late Rebellion, and whose Title Deeds and Writings, or Part of them, were car

CO Geo. 2. c. 20»

Rebels in the late Rebellion, all the Writings upon Record belonging to them which are amiffing, and which may concern or relate to their Rights and Interests in their eands and Estate, so as to enable them to obtain the Benefit intended by the said Act of Parliament, by applying to the Court of Session, and obtaining an Interloquitor of the said Court, decerning and declaring the Extracts of such Writings upon' Record to be equal to Principals: And it is therefore necessary to make further Provisions, for rendetfng the Relief intended by the said Act more effectual, 'Be it therefore enacted. CV.'

Extr

I. J.

"Extract tj, e Records of any Writing produced in favour of any of the King's loyal subject in Scot icinrf, C wno h. jonecj te Court of Session, and whose Writings were destroyed by the Rebels, to be deemed equal to the p' ^ipal. Oath to be made of the principal Writing being destroyed by the Rebels.

Defendant may object to tn._trxtraicr Persons within the Description of this Act allowed Time to pe "make Proof of their isffeflions. If the Proof be satisfactory, the Court to register their De "which shall be_admitted as Evidence. Extract of the Judgement of the Court may be pro "in any subsequent Petition or Su, as Evidence. Where the Writings have been torn or defaced "by the Rebels, the Sufferers upon producing the said Writings, to be relieved."

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fet. Lands in the several Parishes of Money, Upwell, jvehey, Downharn, Witcham, and in a certain extra parochial Place in By a I Fen, within the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge.

PR.

WHEREAS certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying and being in the several Parishes of Ma ' ney, Welney, Upwell, Downham, witcham, and a certain extra parochial Place in Byal Fen, within the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and within the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, containing in the Whole six thousand seven hundred Acres, or thereabouts (nine hundred and thirty Acres whereof, or thereabouts, are commonable Lands, and the rest are Severals) the greatest Part of which said Lands are within the Manor of Money, and the rest within the Parishes of Welney, Upwell, Downham, Witcham, and a certain extra parochial Place in Byal Fen, and are bounded as follows, videlicet, From a Bank known by the Name of The Thirty Feet Bank, at a Place called welche's Darn, along a Drain known by the Name of The Twenty Feet Drain, to the outring Ditch of the five hundred Acres of Land, ' commonly called caster's Farm, next to the Land in the Possession of Richard Holditch, Esquire, and along the said outring Ditch, to certain Lands in the Possession of Mary Wright Widow, and from thence to a certain Drove called Byal Fen Drove, and from thence along the said Drove to the said Drain called The Twenty Feet Drain, and from thence to ivelney River, and from thence by the said River, to a Place called

Darcy Load, and from thence along Darcy Load to a Place called twi/le Load, and from thence along

5 Twife Load, to a Place called Money Field, and from Mann Field croft the said Drove called Byal Fen Drove, to the outring Ditch of certain Lands now in the Possession of Richard Read Esquire, next to a Place called Wentworth Parts, and along the said outring Ditch, to the five hundred Acres of Land commonly called caster's Farm, and along the outring Ditch of the said five hundred Acres next the Parts,

5 to the outring Ditch of the said Carter s Farm next Chatteris Common, and from thence along the said out ring Ditch, to the outring Ditch of certain Lands in the Possession of tvtlliam Blunt Esquire, and from thence along the outring Ditch of the said Lands and the Lands now in the Possession of Thomas Jfpland, to the aforesaid Bank known by the Name of The Thirty Feet Bank, and from thence along the said Thirty Feet Bank to welche's Dam aforesaid, are subject to Inundations through the dcfccl of their Outfals to Sea, and are in Danger of being rendered useless, to the great Damage and Impoverishment of the Otvn ers of such Grounds, and Loss to the Public: And whereas the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds can not be preserved without the Aid of Parliament, to enable the Owners thereof, and Commoners therein, to drain the same, and to keep the same drained for the futuremay it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, (she.

Commissioners empowered to make Drains, C and erect Engines, making Satisfaction to the Owner of "the Soil. In case of Difference, the Justices to adjudge the Damage. Commissioners empowered to make Assessments. The Highlands not to be assessed. Commissioners to determine what Lands shall be deemed such. Commissioners may assign over the Taxes as a Security for Money borrowed. Commissioners to imbank at the Proprietors Expenses certain Parts of the tvjenty Feet Drain, Sic. If the Owners of Lands refuse to pay their Quota, it is to be levied by Distress and bale. Tenants to pay the Rates, and deduci the same out of the Rent. Penalty of too, on damaging and destroying the Works. 44 For want of Distress the Person to be committed. Penalty of burning the Engines, 3 Years Imprison ment. Second Offence, Felony. The Receipts and Disbursements to be inspected, and the Accounts settled yearly by the Commissioners. The Rights of the Conservators of Bedford Level reserved."

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the more effectual Trial and Punishment of High Treason and Misprision of High Treason, in the Highlands of Scotlandj and for abrogating the Practice of taking down the Evidence in Writing in certain Criminal Prosecutions; for making same further Regulations relating to Sheriffs Depute and Stewarts Depute, and their Substitutes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

ooi.j.<.43. T? OR the more impartial and effectual Trial and Punishment of all Offences of High Treason and Mif in prifion of High Treason, committed in the Highlands of Scotland, and the Limits and Bounds herein after mentioned; and for taking away any Hopes of Impunity from Persons guilty of Crimes so dangerous to his Majesty's Government, and the present happy Establishment; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and, after the first day

3 01

A.D. 1748. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II.

C 29.

207

of April in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, all Offences of High Treason, offences of and Misprision of High Treason, already committed, or hereafter to be committed, in the Shires of Dun High Treason, oar tain, Sterling, Perth, Kincardine, Aberdeen, Inverness, Nairn, Cromartie, Argyll, Forfar, Bamjf, Slither sc >*'= Caithness, Elgine and Ross, and the Shire or Stewartry of Orkney, or any of them, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, may be inquired of, heard, tried and determined in the Court of Justiciary maj. betnerf in there, in the County, Shire or Stewartry where the said Court shall sit, or before such Commissioners or sny County in J urices of Oyer and 'terminer, and in such County, Shire or Stewartry within that Part of Great Britain Scotland, called Scotland, as shall be assigned by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by his or their Commifiton, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, in like Manner and Form to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Offences of High Treason, or Misprision of High Treason, had been done or committed in the same County,

Shire or Stewartry where they shall be so inquired of, heard, tried and determined, as aforesaid.

II. And to the end that there maybe no Defefl: of Jurors to inquire of, or try the said Offences of High furors maybe Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, committed in any Part of Scotland, Be it enacted by the Au taken from the thority aforesaid, That all enquiries.and Trials for High Treason, or Misprision of High Treason, com adjoining Shires, rnitted or to be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, may be had by good and lawful

Men, not only of the Body, of the County, Shire or Stewartry out of which they ought to come, by virtue of the rrovision aforesaid, or of former Laws, but also of the Bodies of the Counties, Shires or Stewartries next adjoining, or any of them; and the said Court of Justiciary, and the said Commissioners or court of justj. justices of Oyer and Terminer respectively, may and hall issue Process for that Purpose, to the respective riary and Justi sheriffs or Stewarts of the said county, Shire or Stewartry out of which the Jury ought to come as afore ftes to issue pro said, and the Counties, Shires or Stewartries next adjoining thereto, or any of them, requiring them to re cefsfcj, lle Q turn such a Number of Jurors respectively, as to the said Court, or the said Commissioners or Justices shall tum 0 jurers feemmeet; and that in all such Cases, no Challenge for the County, Shire or Stewartry shall be allowed'; No Challenge hut nevertheless upon the Trial of any such High Treason or Misprision of High Treason, the Challenge to for the County, any Juror for not being possessed in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, of Lands or Tenements, as Proprietor or Life Renter within the County, Shire or Scewartry out of which the Jury ought to come but all other teas aforesaid, or within any of the Counties, Shires or Stewartries next adjoining thereto, and all other lav sj challenges full Challenges to Jurors shall be allowed. dlqvved<

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That three of the Lords of the Justiciary shall Three Lords of be named and assigned in every such Commission of Oyer and Terminer, whereof one to be of the Quorum, the Judiciary to and that if any Indictment of High Treason, or Misprision of Pligh Treason, hall be found before any ntiffo'n ofcterr such Commissioners or Justices of Oyer and Terminer, and Request shall he made by the Advocate of his "nd Terminer! Majesty, his Heirs or" Successors, for Scotland, to the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, to remove such Indictment into the Court of indiftme. m of Justiciary in Scotland; then the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great High Treason, Seal of Great Britain for the time being, hall award a Writ of Certiorari, under the aid Great Seal, di hi' Mahs*'. redied to furfi Commissioners or Justices of Oyer and Terminer, thereby commanding them, or any of them, advocate/may3 to certify such Indictment into the said Court of Justiciary; which Court hall have Power and Authority, be certified into and is hereby, required to proceed upon, hear and determine the same, as the Court of King's Bench in Eng the Court of land may do upon Indictments of pt gh Treason, or Misprision of High Treason, removed or certified into just clary* the said Court; and in every such case, the Trial in the said Court of Justiciary shall be had by a Jury of Jurors in such the County, Shire or Stewartry wherein such Indictment shall be found, or of that, and of one or more Cases, whence of the Counties, Shires or Stewartries next adjoining, and the said Court is hereby empowered to issue to haj' Process for that Purpose; and the Benefit of such Challenges, to any of the Jurors as are hereby before allowed, and none other, shall be allowed upon every such Trial in the said Court of Justiciary.

IV. Provided always, That if. any Peer of this Realm shall happen to be indicted of any High Treason, Peers to be tried or Misprision of High Treason, by Authority of this Act, then after such Indictment found, every such by their Peers. Peer shall have his Trial by his Seers, in such Manner and Form as by Law a Peer of this Realm is to have

his Trial.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons convicted or attainted of any Persons comitt

High Treason, or Misprision of High Treason, pursuant to this Act, shall be subject and liable to the same edof hjghtrea corruption of Blood, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as Persons convicted or attainted of High Treason, son 1'ubf£'tf> or Misprision of High Treason, pursuant to an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Ma g1°'orj, p^n 0 jesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for improving the Union of the two Kingdoms. 7 Anna:, Lr,

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provisions and The said chutes

Clauses herein before mentioned and contained, shall be and continue in Force for the Space of seven Years, to be in Force and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer. for Years.

VII. And whereas the taking down, and reducing into Writing the Evidence given in Criminal Causes and Prosecutions (not extending to the Loss of Life, or to Demembration) before the Court of Justicia ' ry, and the Circuit Courts in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, has by Experience been found very inconvenient, and to occasion great Delay as well as Expense Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hun The taking dred and forty-eight, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Justiciary, and the said respective downtheevj circuit Courts, to proceed in, try, and determine all Causes and Prosecutions before them, for any Crime nor

Crimes, not inferring the Punishment of Death or Demembration, whereupon the Verdict of an Assize criinin"|cprote or Jury is to pass, upon examining and hearing the Evidence of the Witness or Witnesses adduced or exa onions, abro mined in any such Cause or Prosecution viva Voce, without reducing into Writing the Testimony of any gated, such Witness or Witnesses; and that the Practice of taking down and reducing into Writing the Testimony of Witnesses in such Cases, be, and the same is hereby abrogated and abolished.

ios

connrji anj Pannel may interrogate the Witnessc'.

Judge to Turn of the Evidence.

Id is majesty's Fort' declared la wi ul Piiiuns.

The Officers to receive, Src,

Friloners commit red by Warrant from the Magistrate. Regulations relating to Sheriffs and Stewarts Depute, and llieirsubjlitutes.

Sheriffs and Stewarts Depute disqualified from being Members of Parliament,

f.efidcnee of Sheriffs Depute,

till a new dm fion of the Circuits, according to 20 Geo. 2. c. 43.

The Judges appointed for Dumficis and Jedburgh, flail also hold the Circuit Court '

*1 Air, This A:

C 20 — 22. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 174.3.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in such Cases where the Testimony of Witnesses ball not be reduced into \\ riting, the Counsel on both Sides', and the Panne], may interrogate the Witnesses to and upon pertinent and legal Quftions; and thac immediately before the Assize or Jury shall bein closed, the Evidence shall be summoned up by the Judges, before whom such Trial shall be had, or one of them.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That the several Forts erected or hereafter to be erected by his Majesty, his Heiis or Successors, within the said Shires of Dunbartmn, Sterling, Perth, Kincardine, Aberdeen, Inverness, Nairn, Cromartie, Argyll, Forfar, Bamjf, Sutherland, Caithness, Elginc and Refs, and the Shire or Stewartry of Orkney, or any of them, find! be, and they are hereby declared to be lawful Prisons, for the Commitment and safe Custody of Offenders; and the several and respective Officers, commanding for the time being in any such Sort or Forts, are hereby empowered and required to obey and execute all legal Orders and Warrants, that shall be to them directed for the receiving and detaining, or releasing and liberating any Person or Persons committed to their Charge or Custody by the Civil Magistrate.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute, or Substitute to any Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute, of any County, Shire or Stewartry in Scotland, after the twenty-fifth Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, shall be Steward, Chamberlain or Commissioner to any Subject whatsoever, or Collector of the Cess, or shall exercise or zet in the Employment, Service or Office of such Steward, Chamberlain, Commissioner or Collector; and if any such Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute, or Substitute to any Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute, shall accept or take upon him any such Employment, Service or Office, or exercise the same, or act therein, he shall from thenceforth forfeit his Office or Employment of Sheriff Depute, Stewart Depute or Substitute, and be ipso facto disabled to hold, enjoy or exercise the same.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute shall be capable of being elebied, or of sitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons.

XII. And whereas his Majesty has thought lit, for the more easy Administration of Justice, to appoint one Sheriff Depute only for the Shires of Fife and Kinrcfs, one only for the Shires of Sterling and Clackmannan, one only for the Shires of Argyll and Bute, one only for the Shires of Elgin and Nairn, one only for the Shires of Sutherland and Caithness, and one only for the Shires of Refs and cromartie be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sheriff Deputes appointed for the said Shires, shall not be obliged to reside four Months in each of the said Shires, but that their Residence within the two Shires, conflicted as one District in that Respedi, 'shall be deemed sufficient to all Intents and Purposesc

XIII. And be it further enacted, That until a new Distribution and Division of the Circuits in Scotland shall be made, in pursuance of the Act of the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (entitled, An Act for taking away and ahoiijking the Heritable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for rcjloring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Adminfiration of 'Justice throughout that Part of the United Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for obliging all Persons ailing as Procurators, Writers or Agents in the Law in Scotland, to take the Oaths; and for rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms more complete) the Judges appointed to hold the Circuit Courts at Dumfreis and Jedburgh, shall likewise be appointed to hold the Circuit Court at Air, which shall be, and be deemed to be within the Limits of the Circuit, commonly called The Southern Circuit, until such new Division and Distribution of the Circuits in Scotland shall be made as aforesaid?,

?, as it relates to the dtjurzihr*: b. c. ij'gb'a.as of sictlanj, rs rgvivtdrj continued by 33 CC t 2.;. 26. aujfet zz Geo. 2. c. 4s.

CAP. XX.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his iate Majesty King George the First, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through ihe Town of ir.dncjoury, to a Place called High Bulion, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to ihe End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of Bilson; and from Great Bridge, through Dailey 10 King swiiford, and to the further End of Briiiel Lane, in the Counties of If arwiek, Stafford and It in cejier.

PR.

The Act 13 Geo. i. C 14. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XXL

An Act for erecting Workhouses, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor within the Burgh of

A, Pmmiir ^'s^itn/k and for the better repairing and paving the Streets and

Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Highways there.

PR.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town ofdudley, ns the County of Y orcester, and from the said own cf Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; so far as the said Act relates to repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Birmingham to the Town of Bromsgrove, in the County of /jercejier; and for making the same more effectual.

PR.

The Act 13 Geo. 1. c. 15. continued for zt Years,

A.D. 1748. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. c. 23. 109

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of one million out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight; and for applying a Sum of Money remaining in the Exchequer, arisen by the Rates and Duties on Houses which determined at ladyday one thousand seven hundred and' forty seven, for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for applying a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Allowances for the Year one thousand Even hundred and forty-eight, to several Officers and private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse Guards, and three Regiments of Horse lately reduced.

aaojl gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, in the easiest Manner wear able, for the Benefit of your majesty's Subjects, and also to use such Ways and Means therein, as that your Majesty may have the better and more speedy Effect of the said Supplies, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of one million, out of the Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund: And to that fc nd and Purpo 'e do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys as now arc, or One trillion shall from time to time be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the salt! Surpluses, Excesses or grauted sut of Overplus Moneys, commonly cailed The Sinking Fund (after paying or reserving (efficient to pay all such puenjlnklns Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or acts of Parliament to be paid out of L u' the same) there shall and maybe issued and applied, a Sum not exceeding the said Sum of one million, for and towards the Supply grantej to his Majesty for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and forty eight; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to iflueand apply the same accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys which have arisen or shall approrr stvn arise into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of the several Rates and Duties on Houses, which deter 01 mined at ladyday one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, hall be deemed and talten, and be applied u

as Part of the Fund for paying and discharging the several Annuities and other Payments charged by an Act Korn, -;, of the last Session of Parliament, on certain Rates and Duties on Houses, Windows and Lights, granted by the said AI; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same thereunto accordingly; any tiring in this or any former AI to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of his Ma ciaufcof jesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of at a I. pei Cent, the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall think it adviseable to raise the said Sum of one million, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in Manner herein after mentioned, that it hail and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said Sum of one million, upon the Credit of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, and to have and receive for the Forbearance of the Money lent, Interest after a Rate not exceeding four Pounds per Centum per Annum, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, who are hereby authorised to issue their Warrants for that Purpose as fast as such Loans shall be wanted for the public Service; and moreover that no Money so to be lent on the Security of this Act shall be rated or assessed to any Tax or assessment whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who fitall lend any Money upon Tallies ami the Credit of this Act as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, hall immediately oide^im kc have a Tally of Loan struclc for the same, and an Order for his, her or their Repayment, bearing the same l'ayrne, u

Date with his, her or their Tally, in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, not exceeding the said Rate of four Pounds per Gentian per Annum, to carry 41. par and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Repay Celt intcrcri ment of Money so to be lent shall be registered in Course according to the Dates respectively; that all or^frs, t? and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall stand registered in the fjj^cw rfc. said Register Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her or their Executors, Ad 1" 1, n 1, 1 ininistrators or Assigns, who hall have his, her or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Books of Register, hall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be paid out of the said Surplusses,

Excesses or Overplus Moneys; and ffic, fhc or they, who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders next entered, final] he taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; that the Moneys to come in, of or for the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly

I! O

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1748.

No See For rc u, ift ring,

Penalty,

called The Sinking Fund, as aforesaid, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons', and Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns respectively, without any undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise; hall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever (other than such Uses or Purposbi as are appointed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf as aforesaid)) that no Fee, Reward or Gratuity "directly or indirectly shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views or Searches in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending, with full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also j and if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made either in point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Add, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt with full Costs of Suir to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk, only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Place or Office; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not diredd the said Orders of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment upon such Order, according to each person's due Place and order as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending, to be liable to such Addion, Debt, Damages and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid; all Penalileahowto which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages and Costs, to be incurred by any the Officers of the exche be recovered. quer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

[Proviso.]V. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan or Orders

for Payment as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, so as he enters, them all the same Day.

Proviso,

VI. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incur any Penalty in point

of Payment, if the Auditor diredd and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent Orders to Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other Persons that did not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in Course, so as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them; Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be due for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Add, after Order entered in the Book of Registry as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by proper Words of Alignment to be endorsed and written upon his, her or their Order, may assign or transfer his, her and their Right, Title, Interest and Benefit of such Order pr any Part thereof to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt as aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, to the Benefit thereof,

The Assignment and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so icties quoties; and after not to be voided. wars jt shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made such Assignment, to make void, release or discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

VIII. And to the end there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum not to exceed in the whole the said Sum of one million, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by iflhing Exchequer Bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means for the public Service; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall judge it more adviseable to raise the said Sum of one million, or any Part

m on thereof by Exchequer Bills, instead of such Loans as aforesaid, that then they respectively are hereby atu thorized and empowered at any Time or Times to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made at the Exchequer, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of one million, together with such Loans as aforesaid, in the same or like Manner, Form or Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by a certain Act of Parliament (for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one tk oufand seven hundred and forty-eight) are enacted and prescribed concerning (lie Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses. Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities contained in the said last mentioned Act relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act, except such Causes as do charge the same on the Rates or Duties granted by the same Act, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated or re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills as shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and born by or out of the growing 'produce of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except

such

Orders aflli able.

No See for Entry.

Treasury may make new Bills for raising the fail one C

The Exchequer B L s to te sob to the Regulations contained In 21 Geo. 2. C I.

Exchequer Bills, he. foi t rcpa: U ut of the Sink ing Fund.

Ill

A.D. 1748. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. c. 23.

such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the Paid Sinking Fund shall and may beilliied and applied, as fall as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid oh, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose he kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming into TV fuinla* of the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one at of this Session of Parliament (entitled, 'hekak Att, An act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called C

England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mian, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight -,) and so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted, as hall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made, or to be made on the same Add, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, hall he satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon one other Act Annuities, of this Session of Parliament (entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy; and for repealing so much of an asl made in the twentieth Year of his present Majests Reign, as cnasls, That Prize Goods and Merchandise may be exported without paying any Duty of Custom or Excisefor the same)) also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Land Ta, Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Add of this Session of Parliament (entitled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight \) and so much Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted, as mail arise or remain, after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same a.cd, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax, hall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and the Sum of one.million by this Add granted, hall be further appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein after expressed (that is to say)

XII. It is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there fitall Out of the Aida and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two millions two hundred ninety, b. c. eight thousand eight hundred twenty seven Pounds nine Shillings and five Pence, for or towards the Naval f3^'s, j Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to lay, For or towards defraying the Charges of j'a. to naiai the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea officers; and for or towards Victuals, Wages, Services. Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards carrying

on the Building of the intended Hospital for sick and wounded Seamen at Gosport, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight.

XIII. And it is hereby also enabled, by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup 9m9*1- s. plies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ninety of Trains one thousand four hundred ninty six Pounds sixteen Shillings and threepence, for the Freight of Trans ° r3nporls* ports in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not ex 43.9371- II ceeding forty-three thousand nine hundred thirty seven Pounds eleven Shillings and threepence, for the 3d

Expense of Victuals provided for his Majesty's Land Forces, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and a, '

forty seven.

XIV. And it is hereby also enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there hall l?>oooo!: to and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, upon Ac Hospital!' count, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country; and any Sum or 1>c°°»°0°1' F" Sums of Money, not exceeding one million, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy. of^thvlsavy

XV. And it is hereby also enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there fitall and °0[ 6 f, js may he issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five hundred one thousand six hund.'to the dreil twenty-nine Pounds eighteen Shillings and twopence, for or towards defraying the Charge of the of Ordnance. Office of Ordnance for Land Service, Yor the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, performed

and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

XVI. And it is hereby likewise enabled. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as afore i96 °'9] '951 said, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred 7j ninety six thousand eighty nine Pounds nineteen Shillings and seven Pence, for defraying the Charge ofllncs' eleven thousand five hundred and fifty Marines (Commission and non commission Officers included) for the

Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight.

XVII. And it is hereby likewise enabled. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as afore 3^76r.576!- 9'* said, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three millions and Focccs^seven hundred sixty one thousand five hundred seventy six Pounds nine Shillings and one Penny, Farthing, an 0 CC for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly ex of "hili pressed; is to say) any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one million two hundred sixty seven ij*67»376I< it thousand three hundred seventy six Pounds, fifteen Shillings and nine Pence three Farthings, for defraying guard^antcar the Charge of the forty-nine thousand nine hundred and thirty-nine effective Men, including Commission ti( 0'ns ftc. is and non commission Officers, and one thousand eight hundred and fifteen Invalids, to be employed for the Crat Britain, Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight.; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not Guemifcy and

exceeding Jo fcy;

1 I 2

3-30, 014?. ti. 3q. fur tile fu.ces in the i'hmati jns £zc 46'az !. tt r the Troops oi fiir.overj

tc.ooool. for a Train of Artillery.

167, 881). iss. jo 1. for Troops ol rujfia $ 150.oco1. fer Foragf, See. for, 1 he laid Troops.

101, 951l. 14s. 7<l.iq. fortroops of Sweden, C

57, 7921.7s. 5<1. 2q. for Tro p.s. of the Duke of Brunswick Wolfen buttle;

400,000l. to the Queen of Hungary.

3 '0, 0000l.to the King of Sardinia. 8, 6201. to the v.lector of Menu.

>6, 8461. ITS.

<jd. to the elec toros Bavaria.

5 {, 86x1. 3s.

Kir General and Suit Officers.

3 1 5, 876l. 8s. yd. cq. for the War in Flanders, Sac. 27, 2241. 6s. to Odicers on malf p 'y

3, 886l. 183. 8<1. f xq. ro the pen fioas t»f reduced Officers Widows,

C

500, 00 ?1. to dif chjigc<!ic like Sum burr owed, e.

2n 000!- for building the Bridge at welt niinller.

C 23. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 174b.

exceeding three hundred fifty thou fund thirty-four Pounds fourteen Shillings and one Penny three Fartbirgs, for maintaining his alajdly's Forces and Gurrifons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for provisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia, Gibraltar, Georgia, Rattan and Caf e Breton, for the Year one thou fund seven hundred and lorty eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four hundred sixty thousand two hundred twenty-three Pounds ten Shillings, for defraying the Expense of tyre Pay and Subsistence of a Body of the Troops of Hanover, confuting of five thousand Horse and seventeen thousand and seventy Foot, making in the Whole twenty-two thousand and seventy Alen, to act in the Low Countries, with the Austrian Troops and those of the States General of the United Provinces, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, for a Train of Artillery to attend the said Troops; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred sixty seven thousand eight hundred eighty one Pounds eighteen Shillings and ten Pence, for the Proportion of the Subsidy payable by Great Britain to the Empress of rnjjia, for a Body of Troops to consist of thirty thousand Men, to be employed for the Service of Great Britain, the States General of the United Provinces and their Allies, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, and for defraying the Charge of the March of the said Troops to the Frontiers of Upper Silesia; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred and fifty thousand Pounds upon Account, sot the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, towards defraying the Proportion payable by Great Britain of the Provisions and Forage to be furnished to the said Troops, from the Time of their Arrival on the Frontiers of Upper Silesia, until they return to the Frontiers of Poland, and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred sixty one thousand nine hundred fifty-one Pounds fourteen Shillings and seven Pence Farthing, for defraying the Charge of one thousand two hundred and sixty four Horse, and four thousand nine hundred and eight Foot, with the General Officers, and Train of Artillery, the Troops of his ala jesty the King of Svjcden, as Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfell, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, both inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the said Time, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty seven thousand seven hundred ninety-two Pounds seven Shillings and five Pence halfpenny, for defraying his Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of maintaining four thousand eight hundred Foot, with the General Officers and Train of Artillery, the Troops of his moult Serene flighr.efs the Duke of Bmnfiuick ifoifenbuttlc, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, taken into the Service of his Majesty and the States General, together with his Majesty's Proportion of the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of A'loney, not exceeding four hundred thousand pounds, to enable the Queen of Hungary to support her Allies, and maintain sixty thousand Men in the Low Countries, and the like Number in Italy, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three hundred thousand Pounds, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the King of Sardinia, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of A'loney, not exceeding eight thousand six hundred and twenty Pounds, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Eledfor of Mentz, pursuant to Treaty; and any Slim or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty six thousand eight hundred forty six Pounds eleven Shillings and nine Pence, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Bavaria, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty-three thousand eight hundred sixty one Pounds and three Shillings, for the Pay of the General, and General Staff officers, and Officers of the Hospitals for his Majesty's Land Forces, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three hundred fifteen thousand eight hundred seventy six Pounds eight Shillings and nine Pence three Farthings, for defraying the extraordinary Expenses of his Majesty's Land Forces in Flanders, n North Britain, and America, and of other Services, incurred in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Aloncy not exceeding twenty seven thousand two hundred twenty-four Pounds six Shillings, upon Account of half-pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, subject to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after pi eferibed concerning the same; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three thousand eight hundred eight six Pounds eighteen Shillings and eight Pence Farthing, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December orre. thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight; which said Sum of three thousand eight hundred eighty six Pounds eighteen Shillings and eight Pence Farthing, shall be ifl ued to such Person or Persons, as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, direct or appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over to such Widows of half-pay Officers, or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lists or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications and other Allowances for the same, as his aln jesty, by such and the like Warrant or Warrants, shall be graciously pleased to direct and appoint.

XVIII. And it is hereby also enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies r.foresaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to discharge the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, raised in pitrfunnee of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and charged on the first Aids or Supplies to be granted in Parliament, after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty seven.

XIX. And it is hereby also enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there hill arut may be issued and paid to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, or any seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any

seven

A.D. 1748. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II.

C 23,

j3

seven or more of them, to receive the same, the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, without Account, other thun is directed for other Moneys raised by virtue of several former Acts of Parliament, passed during the Reign of his present Majesty, for building the said Bridge, to be applied to finiili the said Bridge, and to enable the said of to perform the other Trulls reposed in them.

XX. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and 500,000l. to

may be ifftted and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, nor exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, upon enable his u account, to enable his Majesty to carry on the War with Vigour both by Sea and Land, and to make R'ty to c?rrr good such Treaties as are or shall be made with his a'lajesty's Allies, for the Year one thousand seven hun n the var died^and forty-eight. _ 183, 649]. zs.^;

XXI. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and 7d.'z q. to the

maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred eighty-three thousand Province of six hundred forty-nine Pounds, two Shillings and seven Pence halfpenny, for reimbursing to the Province Mufachufeis of Massachusets Bay the Expenses they have been at in taking and securing to the Crown of Great Britain t

the Island of Cape Breton, and its Dependencies; and any Sum or Sums of A'loney, not exceeding sixteen 4 d'. to the pr'o thousand three hundred fifty-five Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence, for reimbursing to the Province vince of New of Nnv Hamfshire their Expenses in the said Expedition; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Harrpthire

to the Colony of pjmle island_their Expenses in the said Expedition; and any Sum or Sums of A'loney, rod. to theco

not exceeding five hundred forty seven Pounds fifteen Shillings, to James Gibson, Esquire, for his Services if>"?of Rhode

and Expenses in the said Expedition. Island

r 1. 5471. J5S. to

James Gibson

XXII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall Ei'quile

and may be blued and applied any Sum or Sums of Adoney, not exceeding one hundred fifty-two thousand thirty seven Pounds twelve Shillings and twopence, to enable his Ala jesty to make reasonable and juli'jj'a/i Com" Compensation and Satisfaction for the Heretable jurisdictions and Offices in Scotland, as allowed by the Court penfiuion twos Session there, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament. the het oic

scothtnj.

XXIII. And it is hereby also cnndled, 'Fhat out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there hall tomitlc ff"

and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of A'loney, not exceeding seven thousand one hundred eigh the Deficiency teen Pounds five Shillings, and nine Pence, to replace to the Sinking h und the like Sum paid out of the of the Sump same, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Chrijhnas one thousand seven hundred Du, 'es, and forty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirteen thousand six hundred sixty Pounds, g V'

eighteen Shillings and sixpence, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, goc'd tie pefi to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of twelve Shillings a Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from deny of tic British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty seven 3 and any Sum Omits on

or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty-five thousand Pounds, to replace to the said Sinking Fund theswee7, like Sum paid out of the same, to answer one year's Interest due at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred j, j°r^0'n and forty seven, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum Salt Duties, of one million lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, which were continued for six Years from ladyday 00629, 7651.19551l. thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, towards the Supply for the Year one thousand seven hundred forty - to make good the five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-nine thousand seven hundred sixty five Dimes

id the LI

ke Sum paid out of the g, g2

1. Ss.

5 d. to make

Pounds nineteen Shillings and five Pence, to replace to the said Sinking F

same, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Duties on Wines at midfv.mmer one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and any Sum or Sums of Adoney, not exceeding sixteen thousand three hundred good the Den sixty two Pounds eight Shillings and five Pence, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out ciency on Lies the same, to make good the deficiency of the Duty on Licences for retailing of Spirituous Liquors, at c.ences r. sr lady day one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and any Sum or Sums of A'loney, not exceeding 1, _ "r'

thirty-four thousand one hundred seventy seven Pounds seven Shillings and threepence elalf penny, to re jj' 3q. to mike place to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Du good thedcfici ties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, at Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and any enc 01}

Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty-nine thousand eight hundred forty six Pounds eleven Shil p^n^atmij lings and seven Pence halfpenny, for making good the Deficiency at Christmas one thousand seven hun fj^n'er.3'dred and forty seven, of the said Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors; and any Sum or Sums of aio 79, 8461'. ns. ney not exceeding five hundred seventy one — ra'--

eight hundred twenty seven Pounds eighteen Shillings 7 J. sq. at V of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand fever chriama*.

571, 8171. is. 7 d. Deficiency of Grants for the Year 174.7*

said Aids or Supplies provided as ai plied

and seven Pence, to make good the Deficiency hundred and forty seven.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and as ihiraftdi' purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout refits, by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or rues to^of, Acts of this present Session of Parliament. And as to the said Sum of twenty seven thousand two hundred served in then p twenty-four Pounds six Shillings, by this Act appropriated on Account of half-pay, as aforesaid; it is plication of the hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall besumof duly observed in the Application thereof; that is to fiy. That no Person shall have or receive any Part of set"

the same, who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop, ^'ccount of or Company, in which he served, was reduced; that no Person fftall have or receive any Part of the Half poy. same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company; no Person 6v 12 Geo. 2. having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive

1 i; j. C 24 — 26. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1748.

ccive any Part of the said halt pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission (nice; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons, who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland., except to such as were lately taken off the establishment of half-pay in Great Britain. fto Geo. 2. c. 36.

XXV. And whereas by an al of Parliament made in the twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for apply ing a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Alloveances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse Guards, and three Regiments of Horse,

lately reduced, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and for continuing the Bounties cn the Exportation of British and Irish coarse Linens) several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-nine thousand nine hundred fourteen Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay,

as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that behalfnow it is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of twenty-nine thousand nine hundred fourteen Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said Act to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall or may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others, as by reason of their long Service, or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity; or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according, to such Warrant or Warrants, under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act, or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of the Moneys or Savings arising from the Money granted by Parliament, for the Relief and Provision of the Widows of Officers, who have been killed or died in the Service, there shall and may be issued and applied, by any Warrant or Warrants of his Majesty, under his Royal Sign Manual, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eight thousand eight hundred fifty-one Pounds five Shillings, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of two Troops of Horse Guards, and three Regiments of Horse, lately reduced, together with the incident Charges arising therefrom, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for building a Church in the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for enlightening and cleansing the Streets of the said Town, and for keeping and maintaining a Nightly Watch there.

PR.

CAP. XXV.

An act for repairing the Roads leading from Sutton Colefield Common to the Town of Walsall, and from ffineals Green to Walsall, and from ivalfall to Park Brook, which divides the Parishes of Wolverhampton and Walsall, and from Gibbet Lane to tfolverhampton, and from Compton to the End of the County of Staffiord, and from Wolverhampton to the Wcrgs, and from thence to Shifnall, and from the ifcrgs to Hales Heath, and from Wolverhampton to Cannock [Food in the Road to Lichfield.

PR.

Certain Toils granted for 21 Years.

The Surplus of la ft year's half-pay, to be applied to such objects as his Majesty shall direct.

£.£511. 5 s. to the 2 Troops of Horse Guards, C lately reduce d.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for explaining, amending and enforcing an act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns.

ast Geo. 3, c. 36.

WHEREAS by an act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (entitled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French L ions) it is (amongst other Things enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, it dial not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to wear in Great Britain, in any Garment or Apparel whatsoever, any Cambrick or French Lawn, under Penalty to the Informer of five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every such Offence, being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath or Oaths of one or more Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more justice or justices of theper.ee, to be levied and recovered as is therein directed: And whereas it is further enacted by the aforesaid Act, That from and after the said twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, if any Person shall vend, utter, fell cr expose to Sale, any Cambricks or French Lawns, made or not made up, such Person or Persons so vcnc ing, uttering, selling or exposing the same to Sale (except for Exportation only) who shall be thereof convicted, shall forfeit and pay the like Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and levied as aforesaid:, whereas it is further provided and declared by the said Act, That if any Person ill all, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, be prosecuted for wearing such

A.D. 1748.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II.

C

27.

MS

Cambrick or French Lawn, and such Person shall discover upon Oath, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, the Person or Persons who sold such Cambricks or French Lawns, to such Person wearing the same, such Person so discovering as aforesaid, shall be, and is thereby discharged from all Penalties and Forfeitures inflrfted by the said Act; and that the Person or Persons so selling such Cambrick or

French Lawns, shall be liable to the Penalties and Forfeitures laid and infiifted by the said Act: And whereas some Doubts have arisen, or may arise, whether by the Words of the said recited Act any Penalty can be inflicted, either upon the Wearer of any such Cambrick or French Lawn, who shall discover the Vender or Seller thereof, or upon the Vender or Seller so discovered by the Wearer thereof, in case it shall appear that the said Cambrick or French Lawn was sold to such Wearer, previous to the aforesaid twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight; by which Means such Cambricks and French

Lawns may happen to be worn for a great Number of Years, without any Penalty whatsoever laid or in Sifted, either on the Wearer or Seller thereof, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Add, foc evidently advantageous to this Kingdom: And whereas it maybe difficult for many Persons to ascertain upon Oath, where or from whom such Cambricks or French Lawns were bought, which have been for any considerable Time in their Possession For the avoiding the refore of fill such Doubts and Difficulties as aforesaid, be it enacted and declared; and it is hereby enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons, who after persons prate the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, and before the twenty-fifth Day cuted for of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, shall be prosecuted for Wearing in or on any Gar Wealing cm. mentor Apparel, any Cambricks or French Lawns, hall make an Affidavit, or bring fumcient Proof, or by j^ck, producing the Oath or Affidavit of the Husband or Wife of the Party accused, or by the Oath or Affidavit of any other femc« astau°ht credible Person, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, that the same was bought on or before before 24 June the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, such Wearer shall be, and is 174s, ditcher hereby discharged from any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by the said Act. cd

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time from and after the twenty thevender can

fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, if any Wearer of Cambrick or French 'cted of selling Lawn, who shall be prosecuted by virtue of the said in Part recited Act for wearing the same, and who shall "T

have purchased the same after the twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forly 'eight, Jo tic liable.'shall discover, to the Satisfaction of the Justice or Justices, the Vender or Seller of such Cambrick or French

Lawn, and likewise that the same was iold by such Vender jr Seller after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, so as such Vender or Seller be convicted, and become table to the Penalties and Forfeitures laid and inflicted by the said Act, then, and not otherwise, such Wearer so prosecuted shall be and is hereby discharged from any Penalty or Forfeiture laid or inflicted by the said Act; anything in this or in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Person informed Penalties to go against for wearing such Cambrick or French Lawn shall be excused from the Penalty by discovering the \ ender or Seller thereof, the Penalty to be levied and inflicted on such Vender or Seller in every such Case, shall go and belong to the Person who informed against the Wearer thereof.

IV. And whereas the Penalties to which Wearers of Cambricks or French Lawns are made subject, ei

by the said former Law, or this present Act, cannot in case the Person convicted be a Feme Covert, be levied by Law on the Goods and Chattles of her Husband, by Means of which the Intent of the said for.

and of this present Act may happen to be evaded For Remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where the Offender shall, at the Time of the Offence committed, or cov. rt to be at the Time of the Conviction, happen to be a Feme Covert, living with her Husband, the Penalties which levied on the should be levied on the Goods and Chattles of such Offender, in case fire had been then unmarried, shall Goods of the and may be levied oil the Goods and Chattles of her Husband; Law to the contrary notwithstanding. Husband.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Milliner, Sempstress, or other Per Milliners mason whatsoever, shall for Hire, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hun jp1"ks^hbltt dred and forty-eight, make up any Cambrick or French Lawn for, in or upon any Garment or wearing t[le ['Jnaltcus Apparel, such Milliner, Sempstress, or other Person., shall be liable to the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as

the Sellers of Cambrick or French Lawn are liable to, by virtue of the said Act of the eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, to be prosecuted and levied, and the said Penalties and Forfeitures to be applied in the like Manner, as the several Penalties and Forfeitures are directed to be prosecuted. and applied, by this or the said in Part recited Act.

VI. And he further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases wherein by this Act an Oath

is required to be made and taken, the solemn Affirmation of any Person, being a Shiaker, shall and may be [a|{en> n 0 accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and that every Instance of wilful and corrupt false Affirming, shall fub penai, y of falfs jeftluch Person to the same Penalties and Forfeitures, as he would by Law have been liable to, if the same affirming. Matter had been declared upon Oath or Affidavit directed by this Act. See farther

24 Geo. 2. c. 46.

CAP. XXVII 29 Geo. 2. c. 15.

zzlfcot 3. C $zy

An Act for repairing the Highroad from Peirsbridge to Kirkmerringtcn In the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudhoe Lane End in the said County. PR,

Certain Tolls granted for 21 ye.ir s,

to the Informera

C A I

a..no vicesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1748.

116 C 28.

t^eo. 2. C 42. FV preceding Laws see 13 1.2. 6.5.

2 3 P.

f. 8. E. f, 1 ?. I. r. 10.

g. f. j3

6^14 Car. 2. c. 6. 22 Car, 2. f. 12 1 TV. 3.. 29.

2^9 JV. 3. C 3^, 6 Ann, e,

£9.9A n, C

3 & 1 Geo. 1,

II. * 52.

5 Geo. 1. r, j2,

6 Geo. 1. r, 6.

5 Geo. C 33.

7 Geo. 1. c. 9.

8 Geo. 2. c. 20.

9 Geo. 2. C is.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, in riculed, An Act for the Preservatiot of the Public Reads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and so much of an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways; and for settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods, as relates to the settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the Publick Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, it was enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for all Trustees appointed, or thereafter to be appointed by any Act or Acts of Parliament, for the Repair of any Highway in that Part of Great Britain called England, or any five of them, at any or as many Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, as they had erected, or should erect, for the receiving of any Toll or Tolls, to order, or cause to be built or erected, any Crane, Machine or Engine for Weighing of Carts, Wagons, or other Carriages, for the conveying of any Goods and Merchandise, except as therein is excepted, and to order all such Carriages which should pass any such Gate or Bar, to be weighed, together with the Loading thereof, and to take, over and above any Toll granted, the Sum of twenty Shillings a Hundred Weight, for every Hundred Weight which every such Carriage, together with the Loading thereof, should weigh over and above the Weight of sixty Hundred: And whereas diverse toll gates and Turnpikes, erected and see up pursuant to several Acts of Parliament made for repairing and amending Highways and Public Roads, do land and are situate at such Places upon the said Highways and Roads respectively, as are not suitable or convenient for the erecting of proper Engines and Machines for the Weighing of Carriages as aforesaid; it would tend to the Preservation of the said Roads and Highways, and the Benefit of the Public, if such Engines were erected at some other Part of the said Roads: And whereas several Persons driving Carts, Wagons and other Carriages, do frequently (in order to avoid paying the said Duty or Penalty of twenty Shillings] take out Part of the Loading from the said Carriages before they come to the said Weighing Engines, and rc load them again after they have passed the said Engines, to the great Damage and Hurt of the said Roads, and contrary to the Intention of the said Act Wherefore for remedying and preventing the said inconveniences and Mischiefs, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Trustees of the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Commissioners or Trustees, appointed Highways im or hereafter to be appointed for the Repair of any Highway in that Part of Great Britain called England, or any five of them respectively, to order or cause to be built or erected any Crane, Machine or Engine, for the Weighing of Carts, Wagons or other Carriages, upon any Part of the road within their respective Jurisdictions, and at such Distance from any Turnpike, Bar or toll gate, erected and setup in and upon the same Road, as they respectively hall think requisite and expedient; and to cause all Carriages travelling the said Road (except such as are by the said Act excepted) with their Loading, to be weighed, and to take dreci Weight ex twenty Shillings a Hundred Weight, for every Hundred Weight, which any such Carriage with the Leading thereof shall weigh, over and above sixty Hundred Weight; and which Duty or Payment of twenty Shillings per Hundred as aforesaid, shall be taken, levied and applied in the same Manner as by the said Act is directed; all Persons opposing the Weighing the said Carriages, or levying the said Duty, hall be liable to the Penalties by the said Act inflicted on such Offenders in the like Case, to be levied and applied as is therein mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, after the tenth Day of June one thousand seven

'loading, in oder hundred and forty-eight, unload or cause to be unladen any Goods or Merchandise, out of any Wagon, ro evade thezos. Cart or other Carriage (except such as in the said Act is excepted) before such Wagon, Cart or Carriage Ime shall come to any Weighing Engine, erected or to be erected by virtue or in pursuance of this present Act,

or any other Act, made or to be made for the Repair or Preservation of any public Highway or Road within this Kingdom, in order to avoid the Payment of the said Duty of twenty Shillings per Hundred, or shall load or lay upon any such Carriage, after the same shall have passed any such Weighing Engine, any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, taken or unladen from any Horse, Cart or other Carriage, belonging to, or hired, or borrowed by the same Wagoner or Carrier; every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the Commissioners or Trustees for repairing the Road where any such Offence shall be committed, the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be paid by, and recovered and levied upon the Goods and Efrefts of the Owner of every such Wagon or Carriage, in such Manner, as other '.'orfeitures are by the said Act directed to be recovered and levied; and the same Forfeitures shall be applied to the Repair of the said Roads.

jw. M. c.iz.

III. And whereas by an Act made and pa flea in the third Year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the llightjtys, and for Jett ling Rates of Carriage of Goods, it. is enacted, That the Justices of the Peace of every County, and other Place within the Realm of England, or Dominion of ivales, should have Power and Authority, and they - e were thereby enjoined and required, at their next respective Quarter session after Easter, yearly, to aflels

and rate the Prices of all Land Carriage of Goods V batsoever, to be brought into any Place within their respective Limits and Jurisdictions, by any common Wagoner or Carrier, to be certified and published in such Manner as is therein mentioned; and that no such common Wagoner or Carrier should take for the

Car

powered to crest enpines for the Weighing of Carriages,

and to take 20 s. for every Hun

ceeding sixty Recovery, and Application of the Fines. Penalty of of poing.

Penalty of un

II

A.D. 1748. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. c. 29.

Carriage of such Goods or Merchandise, above the Rates and Prices so set, upon Pain to forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied and recovered as is by the said Act directed: whereas no Rates for the Carriage of Goods, from difrant Parts of the Kingdom to the City of London, e and Places adjacent, have been yet settled, and several common 'Waggoners and Carriers have from thence

taken Occasion to enhance the Price of Carriage of Goods to the Prejudice and Obfh uftion of Trade Be it therefote further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any common Wagoner or Carrier shall, Penalty of Wag. after the tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, demand and take any greater Price goners demand for the bringing of Goods to the City of London, or to any Place within the Bills of Mortality, than is al u, B a £r2atcr lowed and settled by the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place from whence such Goods are brought,

for the carrying of Goods from London to the said County or Place, every such Carrier or Wagoner shall, i", vcd.*' for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to the Use of the Party grieved, to be recovered and levied in the Manner by the last mentioned Act directed, or by Distress and Sale of his Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Middlesex or Surry, or City of London, or City and Liberty of Westminster; and the Clerk of the Peace for every County clerks of the and Place shall, immediately after Rafter Session yearly, certify to 'the Lord Mayor of the City of London, Peace to certify and also to the respective Clerks of the Peace for the Counties of Middlesex and Surry, and City and Liberty f^carria*1*' of Westminster, the Rates and assessments made for the Carriage of Goods in pursuance of the said Act, in

their respective Counties and Places, which Certificate, or an atcefted Copy thereof, signed by the Officer to whom the same shall! he so transmitted, shall be taken and deemed sufficient Evidence of the Rates and Prices set for the carrying of Goods to any County or Place.

IV. And for the better Discovery of Offenders against this present Act, be it enacted, That every common Wagoner's Wagoner or Carrier shall, after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, place. Name and write or paint, or cause to be placed, written or painted, upon some conspicuous Part of his Wagon or Abode to be Cart, before he shall use or drive the fime, his Christian and Surname, and the Place of his Abode, in large ria" en^or Capital Letters, upon Pain to forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be levied and recovered as aforesaid.

V and be it further enacted, That if any Action or Actions shall! at any Time or Times hereafter be Limitation of brought against any Perfott or Persons whatsoever, for any Matter or Thing, which he, she or they shall do Afiions.

or cause to be done by virtue or in Execution of this Act; that in such Case the Defendant or Defendants,

in every such Action or Actions, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special General Issue,

Matter in Evidence, on any Trial or Trials to be hereafter had in such Action or Actions; that if the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any such Action or Actions shall discon inue such Action or Actions, or become

nonsuit, or if Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, that

[Treble Costs.]

then the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Actions, shall recover his or their Treble Costs

of Suit 5 any Law, Custom or Usage whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Concerning High

ways fa farther

24 Geo. 2. c. 43. 26 Geo. 2. c. 28 & 30. 28 Geo. 2. c. 17. 30 Geo. 2. c. 28. 31 Geo. 2. c. 34.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for the further Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Whereas by an Act passed in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and5&6w.&m, Queen Mary, (entitled, An Act for Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City osso

it is amongst other Things enacted, That for and towards raising a perpetual Fund to pay the yearly Interest of four Pounds on every hundred Pounds due to the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, there should be paid on all Sorts of Coal or Culm which should be imported into the Port of the City of London, or the River of Thames within the Liberty of the said City, upon the said River,

from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September, which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred (over and above all other Impofiiions and Duties) the Sum of sixpence for every Chaldron thereof, and for such Sort of Coals as are sold by the Tonne, for every Tonne thereof, containing two thousand Weight, the like Sum of sixpence; which Imposition of sixpence was, by the said Act,

to continue from the said nine and twentieth Day of September, for and during the Term of fifty Years,

and no longer: And whereas it was further enacted by the said Act, That from and after such Time, as the aforesaid Imposition of sixpence thereby laid should cease and determine, all and every the Manors,

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Markets, Fairs, and the Duties thereof, and all other the Revenues of and belonging to the said City of London, in Possession or Reversion, should Hand and be charged with the full yearly Sum of six thousand Pounds (over and above the yearly Sunt of eight thousand Pounds, where with they were charged by the said Act) towards the aforesaid perpetual Fund: And whereas, by means

of the great Fall of Rents in the City of London, the Estate of the said City is not sufficient to pay the said yearly Sum of six thousand Pounds, over and above the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds,

which the said City now pays, and have a sufficient Residue to answer and defray the Expenses necessary for supporting the Government and public Charges of the said City: And whereas in case the said Im position of sixpence per Chaldron or Tonne of Coals, should cease and determine on the nine and twentieth Day of September, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty, according to the said Act, the Residue of the Funds appropriated by that Act for the yearly Payment of four Pounds for Interest on every hundred Pounds Principal Money, due to the Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, to

gether with the said additional yearly Sum of six thousand Pounds, would not be sufficient for that Purpose, to enable the said City of London to defray the necessary Expenses of supporting the Government

II. C 29*

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1748.

The Duty of 6 d. per Chaldron on C 'nls continued for

35 Years to

be paid into the Chamber of London.

3*000 1. to be paid annually to the Mercers Company.

Application of thereiidue.

Aber 29 Sept. 1750, the Re VI nu: s of the

anil public!: Charges of the said City, and for the further Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, by securing to them the yearly Interest of four Pounds on every hundred Pounds of their Principal Debt, until the said Principal Debt shall be paid off and discharged; it please your Majesty that it maybe enabled, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and con tent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Imposition of six Pence for every Chaldron or Tonne of Coals so imported, granted by the sail Act to the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London, during the Term of fifty Years, for the Purposes therein mentioned, hall be and is hereby continued for the further perm of thirty-five Years, from the Expiration of the said Term of fifty Years; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions and Provisions, contained in the said Act, for the collecting, levying and recovering of the said Imposition, and all the Penalties thereby imposed, and Regulations therein made, for preventing of Fraud and Covin, shall remain and be in Force, and by virtue of this Act shall and may be exercised and put in Ure, for the collecting, levying and recovering the said Imposition, for and during all the time by this Act limited and appointed for the Payment thereof, as if the same were expressly in this present Act; all which Moneys so to be received upon Account of the said Imposition hereby continued for the further Term of thirty-five Years, shall, from time to time, he paid into the Receipt of the Chamber of the City of London., and shall be appropriated to the Purposes herein after declared; that is to say, the yearly Sum of three thousand Pounds, for and during the said Term of thirty-five Years, shall be paid by the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being, out of the Produce of the said Imposition, to the Wardens and Commonalty of themyfleryof Mercers of the City of London, by half yearly Payments; that is to say, on the twenty-fifth Day of March, and the twenty-ninth Day of September, or within fourteen Days after the same respectively dial become due; to be applied by the said Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mcrcers of the City of London, towards the Payment of Annuities, and other Debts, in such Manner as by any Act of Parliament is or shall be directed; and the Residue of the Produce of the said Imposition, during the said Term of thirty-five Years, shall be, and is hereby appropriated to make Part of the a for da id 1 und, for paying the Interest on the Principal Debt owing to the Orphans and other Creditors of the said City of 'London, in the same Manner as the present Impofidon of sixpence on every Chaldron or Tonne of Coals, so imported as aforesaid, is by the said Act appropriated.

IP. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said nine and twentieth Day of September, which shall! be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty, all and Ciry to be char every the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Markets, Fairs, and the Duties thereof, and all other ged with 3, ooooh the Revenues of and belonging to the said City of London, in Possession or Reversion, shall stand and be annually. charged with the full yearly Sum of two thousand Pounds and no more (over and above the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds) which yearly Sum of two thousand Pounds is hereby appropriated and enabled to be applied to the same utes to which the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds is by the said Act made liable.

III. And whereas the Fund appropriated by the said Act, for Payment of the yearly Interest of four Pounds for every hundred Pounds of the Principal Debt due to the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, has produced a very large Surplus (over and above sufficient to pay the said Interest) in eluding the Sum of twenty-one thousand seven hundred thirty-five Pounds seventeen Shillings and nine Pence, due from the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London, to the said Fund, on the twenty-fourth Day of "June now last past, to make good the yearly Sum of two thousand Pounds,

which, by virtue of the said Act, ought to have been raised on the Personal Estates of the several Inhabitants within the said City: And whereas it is fit and reasonable, that the said Surplus as also all other Sur l plufles which shall arise from the said Fund, as settled by the said Act, to the nine and twentieth Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from the Fund as settled by this Act from the last mentioned Day, should be applied, from time to time, to pay off and discharge such Part of the Principal Debt owing by the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, under Lord Mayor and the said Act, as the same will amount unto Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Aldermen im the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London shall be, and is hereby empowered and direct pmvered to pay ec] to olc)er the Chamberlain of the said City, out of any Moneys in his Hands, arising from the Impositions

er./lniereftdue an ^ut'es appropriated to pay the said Interest on the Principal Debt due to the Orphans, and other Cre

upoa the iedted t'*tors f the said City, after referring sufficient Moneys to pay and discharge all Interest which at that Time maybe due on the said Principal Debt, or such Part thereof as shall be then unpaid, to pay to any Person or Persons, as the said Court shall think fit, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be due to him, her or them, for Principal and Interest, by virtue of the said Act, giving three Months Notice to or for the Person or Persons so to be paid off and discharged; the End of which three Months, upon Payment or Tendering of the said Moneys due for Principal and Interest, to or for the Person or Persons to whom such Notice shall be given, according to the Provision hereby made, at the Office of the said Chamberlain, in Guildhall, London, then and from thenceforth the Interest payable to such Person or Persons, to whom such Notice, Payment or Tender shall be given or made, shall cease and determine; neverthelcl's the Moneys so tendered shall be paid to such Person or Persons, upon their Demand, and giving a Discharge for the same; and the Principal Debt so paid off shall be annihilated.

IV. Provided, That no Person, being an Orphan of the said City of London, under the Age of twenty-one Years, shall have the Principal Debt due to such Orphan paid off and discharged, so long as there shall be any Person, not an Orphan under the Age of twenty-one Years, Proprietor of any Part of the said Principal Debt due to the Orphans and other Creditors of the said City.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty, the Chamberlain of

Act.

3 Months Notice of Payment to be given.

Orphans to be paid hit.

Chamberlain to Jay before the Parliament an Account of the the City of London for the time being shall,

as soon as. may be, lay before each Ho life of Parliament an Account

A.D. 1748. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. c. 30: 119

count of the Surplus arisen from the said Fund to the twenty-fourth Day of "June preceding, with an Ac Surplus of the count how much thereof shall have been then applied to the Payment of the Principal Debt, and also how f and the much of the said Principal Debt shall be then owing j and shall afterwards, every Year, lay before each ebt undlfcliar' House of Parliament an Account of the Surplus which shall have arisen in that Year, to the twenty-fourth '

Day of 'june preceding, how much thereof shall have been applied to the Payment of the said Principal Debt, and how much of the said Debt shall then remain unpaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Plaint, Suit or Information, shall be commenced or Limitation of prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for what he or they shall do in pursuance or in the Execution of Act: ons this Act, such Person or Persons shall or may plead the General Issue thereunto; and upon Trial of any If General

sue joined, may give this Add: and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against him, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover their Costs; which he or they shall have the like Remedy, as in any Case where Costs by Law are given to Defendants,

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Act shall be accepted, taken, and be Tublick Act, reputed to be a General Act of Parliament; of which ail and every the Judge and Judges of this Kingdom,

in all Courts, shall take Notice on all Occasions whatsoever, as if it were a Public Act of Parliament relating to the whole Kingdom.

For former jlatos concerning Plantations refer to 12 Car. 2. C 18. 15

Car. 2. C 7. 22 & 23 Car. 2* C 6. 25 Car. 2. C 7. 7 S TV. 3. C 22. Jl W. 3. C 12. 3 & 4 Ann. C 5 & 10. 6 Ann. C 30 &? 37. 8 Ann. C j3.

9 Ann. C 17 z. 10 Ann. C 22 & 26. 4 Geo. 1. c. 11. 8 Geo. 1. c. 12 15. 13gv5. 1. C 5, 3 Geo. 2. c. 12 & 28. 4 Geo. 2. c. 15. 5 Geo. it

C 7 & 9.

An act for encouraging the

CAP. XXX making of Indico in the British Plantations in America.

5 \\7 WHEREAS the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America would be advantageous to 1 the Trade of this Nation, as great Quantities are used in dying the Manufactures of this Kingdom; which at present being furnished from Foreign Parts, the Supply of that necessary Commodity is s become at all Times uncertain, and the Price frequently exorbitant: And whereas the Culture thereof has been found to succeed so well in the Provinces of South and North Carolina, that there is Reason to

hope, by a proper Encouragement, the same may be increased and improved to such a Degree, as not only

to answer all the Demands of his Majesty's British Subjects, but furnish considerable Quantities to foreign

Markets; 'Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Corffent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred 6 d. per Pound and forty-nine, all and every Person or Persons who shall import, or cause to be imported into this King Premium at dom, directly from any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, in any Ship or Veiled, Ships or Iowed °"-, 1, e0f vessels, that may lawfully trade to his Majesty's Plantations, manned as by Law is required, any good and merchantable Indico, free from any false Mixtures, and fit for Dyers Use, being the Growth or Product of Growth of the the Colony or Plantation from whence the same is imported, shall have, and be infilled to, a Reward or Eritiih Phnu pramium for such Importation, after the Rate of sixpence for every Pound Weight of such Indico form exported as aforesaid, under such Regulations as are herein after mentioned, to be paid upon Demand to the Importer of such Indico, by the Collector of the Port where the same shall be imported, out of the Customs; in case the Collector of the Port where the same shall be imported shall not have Money sufficient in his Hands, he is hereby required to certify the same to the Commissioners of the Customs, who shall cause the same to be paid by the receiver-general of his Majesty's Customs (the Bounty of the Indico imported into England to be paid by the receiver-general of the Customs in England, and of that imported into Scotland to be paid by the receiver-general there.)

II. And, in order to entitle the Importer of the aforesaid Indico to such Premium, as well as to prevent Frauds by importing Foreign plantation made Indico, or any false Mixtures in what is made in the British Plantations, with a view of recovering the Premium; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Persons loading all and every Person or Persons, Merchant, Trader, or Factor, loading any Indico on board any Ship or Indico, '° So vessel, in any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, shall, before the clearing out of the said, " fronitiiv Ship for any Port of Great Britain, produce to the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Collector and Comp planter, of the troller of the Customs, and Naval Officer, or any two of them, a Certificate or Certificates, signed and Growth and sworn to before any Justice of the Peace in the said British Colonies or plantations, by the Planter or Plant Quantity i

fs of the said indico, or his or their known Agent or Factor, that n Quantity of Indico, expressing the Weight thereof, had been sent from the said planter's Indico Work or Plantation, where the same was made, in order to be shipped off, or sold by him to the Person or Persons therein named, and was of the Growth and Produce of the said planter's Plantation, fiiuate in the District, Division or Parish of within theifland or Colony of which said Certificate or Certificates shall be attested by the said Justice of the Peace to have been signed and sworn to in his Presence, who is hereby required to do the same without any Fee or Reward.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons, Merchant, Trader or Factor shall, at the and also to iign a Time of his producing such Certificate, sign also a Certificate before the said Governor, Lieutenant Go Certificatethat vernor, Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and Naval Officer, or any two of them, that the Indico, llic Indlc0 which he or they have shipped on Board the said Ship or Vessel, is the same mentioned in the said Certifi uonc^ittlt" cate or Certificates; and thereupon the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Collector and Comptroller of laid Ccalficjtc, the Customs, and Naval Officer, or any two of them, are hereby authorised and required to deliver to such Person or Persons a Certificate, under their Hands and Seal of Office, of his or their having received such Certificate or Certificates; and that at the same Time one or more Certificate or Certificates of the fieveral

Planter

I 20

C

3°

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 174.8.

eflel a: id by the Officers of thecuh.'ms.

Penalty of making Entry of Foreign made Indicd, or any false Mixture.

Officer to certify Planter or Planters, their known Agent or Factor, had been produced to, and left with them, pursuant to such certificates, the Dirpdtions of this Act; and no Person or Persons whatsoever importing Indico into Great Britain, shall be intided to the Premium or Reward by this Act granted, unless such Person or Persons shall produce such Certificate to the Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port in Great Britain, where the same shall be imported.

Certificates to

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Importation of any Indico into Master of The Great Britain, a Certificate shall be given by the Matter or Commanding Officer of such chip or Vefle! importing such Indico, that the same was shipped on Board such Ship or Vessel, within such British Colony or Plantation in America, as is mentioned in the said Certificate; and also a Certificate signed by the Surveyors, Land Waiters or Searchers, or any two of them, Officers of the Customs of the Port where the same is entered and landed in Great Britain, specifying the Weight thereof, and that the said Indico is good and merchantable, free from false Mixtures, and of such Quality as to be intided to the said Pramium or Reward; which Certificate the said Officers are hereby required to grant within ten Days next after the Landing thereof, unless they can assign sufficient Cause for their Refusal; producing which several Certificates to the proper Officer as aforesaid, such Officer shall be, and is hereby required to pay the Pramium to the Importer of the said Indico.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall make or cause to be made, an Entry or Entries of foreign made Indico, under the Name of British plantation made Indico, or shall mix, or cause to be mixed, any Foreign Indico, or other false Mixture or Matter, with that made in the British Plantations, in order to claim or recover the Pramium, as before mentioned, every Person or Persons so making, or causing to be made, such Entry or Entries, or mixing, or causing such Mixtures to be made, shall forfeit all such Indico so entered; and in case of such Mixture, the Quantity so mixed, both Foreign and Britrfo plantation made, and likewise double the Value thereof, shall be forfeited by the Person or Persons who shall make or cause such Mixture or Mixtures to be made.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Certificate shall be made out to allow the Pramium for such Indico to be made in, ard imported from the British Plantations, that is not good and merchantable, and free from any false Mixture.

VII. And that the Officers of the Customs may be the better able to discover any Frauds intended for the Ind co" receiv ns the aforesaid Pramium, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Officers, and they are hereby required, before they make out any such Certificate, to examine the said Indico, by opening each Package, and shifting the same, in such Manner as to see the whole Contents, or by such other Means as they shall think proper, to find out and discover whether the Indico is good and merchantable, and free from any false Mixture.

VIII. And in order to fix the Standard of such Indico as shall! be intitled to the Pramium aforesaid, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Certificate shall be granted by any Surveyor, or other Officer of his Majesty's cuiloms, for any Indico, which is not worth three Shillings the Pound Weight, when the bell French, or other Indico, of equal Goodness with the hest French, is worth four Shillings the Pound Weight; and foin the same Proportion, in case the Price of the befl French, or other Indico of equal Goodness, shall be at a hither or lower Price.

IX. Provided always, That in case any Doubt or Dispute shall arise between the Surveyors, or Officers of the Customs, and the Owners or Importers of such Indico as is imported into the Port of London, as to the Quality of the same, it ball and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, to call two or more Dyers, Dry Salters, Brokers, or others, well killed in that Commodity, who shall declare upon Oath, if required, their Opinion, as to the Quality of the same, and according to the hest of their Judgement determine whether the said Indico is entitled to the Pramium hereby granted or not; and if any Doubt or Dispute shall) arise, as to the Quality of the Indico imported as aforesaid, into the out perts in England, Samples thereof shall be taken and sent up to the Commissioners of the Customs at London, and into the out ports in Scotland, to the Commissioners of the Customs at Edinburgh, in such Manner, as the respective Commissioners shall direct, in order to be inspected and adjudged there as before mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee, Gratuity or Reward shall be demanded, taken or received by any Officer of his Majesty's Customs, for the examining, viewing or dtliver

the signing any of the me; and any such Officer demanding or taking such Fee or Reward, shall, for such Offence, forfeit his Office, and such Officer shall also be incapable of serving his majhly, his Heirs and Succefi ors, and shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

Certificates not

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Certificates made, or Debentures made charge.me without pursuant to this Act shall not be chargeable with any of the Stamp Duties; any Law or Statute to the Sump Duties. contrary notwithstanding.

Exponas to re

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Indico, made in the British colo pay the lateral piles or Plantations in America, shall), after the twenty-fifth Day of March, which shall be in the Year of urn our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, be exported from Great Britain, that then, and in

every such Case the Person or Persons so exporting the same, shall, before the Entry thereof, pay unto the Collector of the Customs at the Port where the same shall be exported, or to the Chief Officer of the Customs there, the full Sum of sixpence for every Pound Weight, which is allowed as a Pramium by this Action all such Indico as he intends to export, over and above any Duty the same is now by Lav subject to pav at Exportation by any former Act.

Penalty of ex

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, his or their without paying Agent or Agents, Assignee or Assigns, shall be found fraudulently to expott such Indico, without paying the 1'itemium, ftlcj

Officers of the Customs to examine the

stand avd of Indico entitled to the Premium.

Method of ftt tling Disputes about the Quality.

No See to be paid to the of ficers.

ing such Indico, with respectto the Pramium or Reward allowed by this Act, or for 1 Certificates, in order to the receiving such Pramium or Reward, or for paying the (am

I 2 I

A.D. 1748. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II.

C

such Premium to the Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and lose all such Indico, and double the Value thereof.

XIV. Provided always, That if any Doubt or Dispute shall arise, whether any of the said Indico, or Owner to prove any Part thereof so to be exported, is of the Growth, Product and Manufacture of the British Plantations tlle Growth, in America, or of Foreign Growth, Product or Manufacture, the Onus Prohandi shall lie on the Owner or

Claimer thereof, and not on the Informer or Prosecutor; any Law, Custoni or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Col Penalty of lector or Comptroller of the Customs, Naval Officer, Merchant, Trader or factor, or Mailer or Com granting false inander of any Ship or Veiled, or any other Person or Persons, shall during the Continuance of this act, Certificates falsely make a Certificate of the Produce and Manufacture of any Indico, not being the Produce and Manufacture of the British Plantations in America, or shall counterfeit any such Certificate as herein before is directed to be made, in order to obtain the Prtsmium hereby granted for Indico made in the British Plantations in America, all and every such Person and Persons shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and ff

such Person or Persons so offending, shall be a Collector, Comptroller or Naval Officer, or any other Officer of the Customs, he shall also forfeit and lose his Office, and be incapable of serving his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures by Penalties how this Act inflicied, shall and may be prosecuted, determined and recovered by Bill, Plaint or Information, in, 0 be recovered, any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any

of the Courts of Admiralty in his Majesty's Plantations in America respectively, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Application of Act imposed shall, if in Great Britain, be applied, one Moiety to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and die forfeitures, Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same; and all such Penalties

and Forfeitures as shall be incurred in his Majesty's Plantations in America, shall be applied, one third Part thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, one other third Part to the Use of the Governor of the Plantation where the Forfeiture shall be incurred, and the remaining third Part to such Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com limita ion of menced against any Person or Persons, for anything done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Actions.

Suit, if in Great Britain, shall be commenced within six Months next after the Fact committed; and if in

the British Colonies or Plantations in America, within eighteen Months next after the Fact committed, and

not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue,

and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if.it shall appear so to have been done,

the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue

his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants Avail have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any

Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Treble Costs,

Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants have in other Cases by

Law.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and all the Powers and An Act to be in thorities therein contained, shall continue and be in Force for and during the Term of seven Years, to Force for 7 commence from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence Wars

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer. ^28

25. Concerning Plantations see farther 24 Geo. 2. c. 51 & 53. 29 Geo. z, C 5 35. 30 Geo. 2. c. 9.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

EXP.

'WHEREAS many Persons, by Losses and other Misfortunes, are rendered incapable of paying

their whole Debts; and though they are willing to make the utmost Satisfaction they can, are northeast vertheless detained in Prison by their Creditors; And whereas such unhappy Debtors have always been deemed the proper Objects of public Compassion, and by several acts of Parliament have been discharg ' ed: 'For the Relief therefore of Insolvent Prisoners, who shall faithfully discover, upon Oath, and deliver up and assign, all their effets and Estates whatsoever for the Benefit of their Creditors; and to prevent, as far as possible, the many Frauds and Abuses, which in a great Measure have obstructed the good Ends of such acts, Be it enacted, &c.

"Sheriffs and Gaolers to deliver a List of their Prisoners, &c. to the Justices, &c. Oath to be entered at "the End of every List. To be kept by the Clerk of the Peace. Sheriffs and Gaolers to setup three or "more Lists at the Entrance into the Prisons. Persons inferred in the Lists, and Prisoners, on 1 fan. 17-17, £< shall he discharged. They are to deliver in a Schedule of their Estates, &c. and make Oath. Schedule to "remain with the Clerk of the Peace, who is to assign the effects to the Assignees, to be divided among "the Creditors. Assignees of Copyhold Estates to agree with the Lord of the Manor. On such Agree "Lord to grant to the Assignees the Copyhold. Not to affect any Eftnte in expectancy. Rent due from a Prisoner, the Goods to be transferred to the Landlord. This act not to extend to Mortgages, "nor to prevent any Statute staple, &c. Power of leasing Lands, &c. claimed by any Prisoner, vested in the Assignees. Justices who grant Warrants for bringing Prisoners to the Quarter sessions, shall give

122 C 32. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1748.

"Notice to be served on the Creditors. Prisoners to give like Notice to the Creditors, and public Notice in the London Gazette jo Days before the Sessions. The prisoner's Oath not being disproved, e. the Justices are to discharge him. Court, if required by the Creditor, to administer an Oath to the Gaoler, Debtors beyond Sea on r Jan. 1747, may surrender themselves, and be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, but subject to the same Restrictions as the other Prisoners. too /. Penalty on Gaolers not complying with the Act, and Printer of the London Gazette. Gaolers forswearing themselves, to forfeit 900l. Gaolers inferring wrong Names in their Lists, to forfeit 200l. Clerk of the Peace, not giving a Duplicate to the Prisoner of his Discharge, to forfeit 20l. Prisoner forswearing himself, guilty of Felony. Prisoner discharged for Debts before 1 Jan. 1747, shall not be imprisoned for the same again. Discharge of Prisoners to acquit any other, judgments to stand good against his Lands, &c. Persons discharged may plead generally in Discharge of their Persons from Execution. Bankrupts not obtaining a Certificate, tdc. net benefited hereby. Attorneys not to be discharged from Debts received, and due by them to their Clients. Not to extend to Scotland. Gaoler to permit Persons to see those whose Names are in the Lists, &c. under Penalty of 40l. Prisoner not declaring the Person at whose Suit he is detained, or not coming, to receive no Benefit. Gaoler making false Entries, forfeits 1000l. Petitioner to leave with the Justices a Copy of his intended Discovery. Justices of York and Lincoln to meet at the Common Gaols of the Counties. Debtors in Gaols only for Fees, discharged. Not to discharge Debtors to the Crown, or owing above; coi. to one Person. Creditors to allow not exceeding 3s. 6d. per Week for his Maintenance. Discharges to be obtained before 2; Dec. 1750, or excluded. Prisoners removed from one Prison "another, both Gaolers to make Affidavit. Prisoners in the Fleet or King's Bench by Habeas Corpus, &c. to have the Benefit of this Act. Persons seized of an Estate Tail claiming the Benefit of this Act, to deliver the same to their Creditors. Assignees to apply to two Justices to examine Persons who shall obtain their Discharge, for Discovery of Estates, isle. Refusing to appear, or to be sworn, Justices may commit them. Discoverers of the Debtors Estates in 12 Months after Discharge, to have 201, percent. Discharge obtained fraudulently, void. Creditors may compel Debtors who choose to continue in Prison, to give an Account upon Oath of their Effects, &c. on 30 Days Notice in the London Gazette. Such Prisoners to be examined as the rest. Assignees empowered to make Composition with Debtors to the Prisoner. Disputes to be settled by Arbitrators. Courts at Westminster, on Complaint, may remove Assignees. On mutual Credit, Assignees to allow the Balance. Prisoners upon Processes out of Courts of Confidence to have the Benefit of this Act. gh akers Affirmation to be taken, is Persons who had the Benefit of the Act of rb Geo. 2. c. 17. excluded."

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London.

WHEREAS by Indentures of Lease and Pvelcafe, bearing Date respectively the third and fourth

Days of October one thousand six hundred and ninety-nine, and enrolled in the High Court of Chancery, the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, for the Con deration therein mentioned, did grant and release unto Sir ivtuiam Hedges, and several other Persons therein named as Trustees, their Heirs and Assigns, diverse Messuages or Tenements, Tofts, Gardens, (grounds and Hereditaments, of and belonging to the said Wardens and Commonalty, situate and being in the City of London and in the County of Middlesex, therein more particularly mentioned and describcu, with their and every of their Appurtenances, together with one full Moiety of all that great Fabric and Place called the Royal Exchange, London, and other Tenements and Hereditaments in, under, upon or near unto the lame, therein more particularly mentioned and described; and also ail that the Manor of Mercers, with the Rights, Members and Appurtenances thereof, lying and being in the County of Londonderry in Ireland, and diverse other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in Ireland, in tbs same Inden lures more particularly mentioned and described, upon Trust, in the first Place, to satisfy and pay, out of the Rents and Profits thereof, all such charitable Gifts and Payments wherewith the said Premises were charged, mentioned in the Schedule to the said Indenture of Release annexed; and in the next Place to pay, free and clear of all Taxes and Charges, all and every the Annuity or Annuities to be granted by the said Wardens and Commonalty, at the Rate of thirty Pounds per Centum per A', mum, dining the relpec live Lives of the Wives of Clergymen, or of other Persons, that hold furtive their Husbands, to covn mence from such of the Feasts of the Annunciation of the Blefied Virgin, or Saint Michael the Archan gel, as hold happen within six Months after the Death of their respective Husbands, and after Payment of such Annuities, in Trust for the said Wardens and Commonalty, and their Successors for ever: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the fifteenth and sixteenth Days of May one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, enrolled in the High Court of Chancery, the same Pre mifies were charged with the Payment of such future Annuities as should be granted by the said Company at the Rate of twenty-five Pounds per Centum, per Annum: And whereas by Indenture enrolled in the said Court of Chancery, bearing Dat the twenty-fourth Day of A [ay one thousand seven hundred and twenty three, and made between the said Wardens and Commonalty of the one Part, and the surviving rustees named in the said Indenture of Release of the sixteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, of the other Part; it is declared and agreed. That all such Annuities to be granted by the said Wardens and Commonalty, after the twenty-fourth Day of June then next ensuing, (hold be only after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum, and no more: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release Date the first and second Days of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, Richard Chij well the Elder, Sir Thomas Wcbfler, David Papillon and Clement Toebc, therein named, being then the

1.2 3

A.D. 1748. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. c. 32.

only surviving Trustees in the said Indentures of Lease and Release of the fifteenth and sixteenth of May one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, did by the Direction and Appointment of the said Wardens and Commonalty, grant and convey the said several Trust Estates to the Use of themselves, and other Trustees therein named, their Heirs and Assigns, upon such Trusts, and to and for such Intents and Purposes, and under and subject to such Provisoes and Agreements as are mentioned, expressed and declared of and concerning the same Premises, in and by the said two Indentures of Release, and the said Inden ture of the twenty-fourth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, herein before men tinned or recited, save and except as to future Annuities, to be granted by the said Wardens and Commo unity, which were only to be at the Rate of fifteen Pounds per Centum per Annum: And whereas by In ' denture enrolled in the said Court of Chancery, bearing Date the twenty-third Day of July one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and made between the said Wardens and Commonalty of the one Part, and the Trustees named and appointed in and by the said Indenture of the second of sane one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, of the other Part; Liberty was given to the said Wardens and Commonalty for the future, to grant such Annuities at the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centura per Annum: And whereas the present clear Income of the said Estates does not exceed four thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds a C Year and the Annuities now due and payable by the said Wardens and Commonalty to the several and

respective Annuitants amount unto seven thousand five hundred Pounds a Year and upwards; and the ar rears of such Annuities, due and owing to the said Annuitants at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, amounted to the Sum of nine thousand six hundred twenty-eight Pounds two Shillings and sixpence; so that the Estates settled for the Payment of such Annuities are not sufficient for that Purpose, and many of the said Annuitants now are in a very distressed Condition: And whereas several Persons have heretofore given or left unto the said Wardens and Commonalty several Estates and Sums of Money for certain charitable Uses: whereas the Royal Exchange of the City of London was, by the dreadful Fire in the Year one thousand six hundred and sixty six, confirmed; and the said Wardens and

Commonalty, together with the City of London, were at a very great Expense in rebuilding the same;

by which Means, and by other public Losses and Misfortunes, the said Wardens and Commonalty have long laboured under great Difficulties, and have taken up and borrowed great Sums of Money upon Bonds, and are otherwise become indebted in a much greater Sum than they are able to pay and satisfy:

And whereas by an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the further Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; it is enacted, That the Imposition of sixpence per Chaldron on every Chaldron of Coals or Culm, and of sixpence per Tonne on every Tonne of Coals usually sold by the Tonne, which was by an Act of the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, granted to the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, on all Sorts of Coals or Culm, which should be imported into the Port of the City of London, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred, for and during the Term of fifty Years, shall be continued and paid for and during the Term of thirty-five Years, from the Expiration of the said Term of fifty Years, and no longer; and that the Monies arising thereby shall be paid into the Receipt of the Chamber of the City of London, and appropriated to the Purposes therein after declared; that is to say, the yearly Sum of three thousand Pounds for and during the said Term of thirty-five Years, shall be paid by the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being, out of the Produce of the said Imposition, to the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, by half yearly Payments; that is to say, on the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twenty-ninth Day of September, or within fourteen Days after the same shall respectively become due, to be applied by the said Company of Mercers towards the Payment of Annuities and other Debts, in such Manner as by an Act of Parliament is or shall be directed; 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, C "

"general Account to be made out of the Sums that shall be due to the Annuitants on 29 Sept. 1750. to 41 he entered in a Book, and signed by the Wardens. Clerk to deliver to Annuitants requesting it a Note of the Sum due. The Debt deemed to be a Principal Sum, and to carry 3l. percent. Interest. The yearly Sum of 3000l. payable by the Chamber of London, shall be applied towards Payment of the Annuities, and the Surplus to the Interest of the Arrears, (sc. And afterwards to the other Creditors. Annual "Meeting of the Annuitants, shall choose nine Auditors of the Accounts. Court of Assistants to examine the Accounts, if no Auditors are chosen, or refuse to attend. An Account of the Receipts and Applica tion of the Moneys to be laid before Parliament. Money due may be transferred. Assignment of an- nuities made since 29 September 1745, declared redeemable. Wardens restrained from taking in further Subscriptions for Annuities. Differences between Wardens and Annuitants to be determined by the Court of Exchequer. Wardens, C empowered to grant building Leases, and to lease their Estates in Ireland, and Long Acre in Middlesex. Deeds of Annuitants not affected by this Act." [Amended 24 Geo. 2. c. 14.] And farther by 25 Geo. 2. c. 7.

H

G

33-

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. q A.D. is.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act to continue and amend several Laws for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the imprisonment of their Persons; to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for continuing several Laws therein mentioned; and to continue two Acts, the one passed in the nineteenth Year, the other in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to prevent the spreading of the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned (which have by Experience been found useful and beneficial) are near expiring; 'May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the ifteo, ic. si. same, That an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the debts'6con Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; was to continue in Force for the tiiiued to i June Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and was explain 1754, £. C ed and amended by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and which by ano 3 Geo. 2. c. 27. there Act made in the eighth Year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further explained and amended, s Geo. 2. c. 24. and continued, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty, and from thence 14 eo. 2. C 34. o tjle pnj of t}le tjlen next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the fourteenth Year Sa farther of the Reign of his present Majesty, with the several Clauses and Articles therein contained (except the 32 Gw. 2. C z. Clause in the said last mentioned Act, for setting mutual Debts one against the other, which by the said Act is made perpetual) was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and the several Articles and Clauses therein contained, not hereby altered, except the Clause for setting mutual Debts one against the other, which is already made perpetual, shall, together with the Alterations and Amendments herein after made, be and remain in full Force and Virtue, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Persons chiming.

II. And for the better preventing Persons who take the Benefit of the said recited Act, made in the second Benefit of the Year of his present Majesty's Reign, from concealing or fraudulently disposing of their Effects, Be it en set forth an Ac rifted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after the Expiration of this present Session of count of their Parliament, every Person who shall exhibit a Petition in pursuance of the said recited Act, shall, in such Kent and Per Petition, not only set forth an Account of all the Real and Personal Estate, which such Person so petition. f.iiate, ing Was entitled to at the Time of his or her Petition, but also of all the Real and Personal Estate which he or ftie was entitled to at the Time of his or her first Imprisonment, in the Action in which such Person is and take the fol charged in Execution; and every Person so petitioning shall, instead of the Oath required by the said recited lowing Oath. /1^) take, and the Court shall administer an Oath to the effect following, videlicet;

A.B. do swear, in the Presence of Almighty God, That the Account by me delivered into this Honourable Court, in my Petition to this Court, doth contain a true and full Account of all the Real and Personal Estate, Debts, Credits and Effects whatsoever, which I or any in Trust for me, at the Time of my first Imprisonment in this Action, or at any ime since, had or was in any respect entitled to in possession, Reversion or Remainder (except the Wearing Apparel and Bedding for me and my Family, 'and the Tools or Instruments of my Trade or Calling, rot exceeding ten Pounds in Value in the Whole) and also an Account how much of such Real and Personal Estate, Debts, Credits or Effects, hath been since disposed of, released or di('charged, and how, to whom and on what Consideration, and for what Purpose, and how much thereof, I or any in Trust for me have, or at the Time of my said Petition had, or am or was in any respect entitled to in Possession, Remainder or Reversion; and that I have not, at any Time before or since my Imprisonment, directly or indirectly sold, leased, assigned, mortgaged, pawned or otherwise disposed of, or made over in Trust for myself, or otherwise than is mentioned in such Account, any Part of my Lands, Estates, Goods, Stock, Money, Debts or other Real or Personal Estate, whereby to have or expect any Benefit or Profit to myself, or to defraud any of my Creditors to whom I am indebted.'

Geo. X C is,

ti ntinned to i June 1754, co.

2. c. 47.

tr ccrlhsued

Geo. 2.

iind a. 2. if 16,

CIII. And whereas an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act

to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of lufeftion thereby; and to prevent Ships breaking

their Quay entire; anil to ftbjeft Copper Ore of the Produliion of the Britiftl Plantations, to such Regulations

as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are ftbjeft; which was to be in Force for two Years, ' from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by several subsequent Acts (except the Clause obliging all Ships and Vessels to perfo ni Quarentine) was to have furth.r Continuance, to the first Day ' of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas by an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Ma

Mhtue one thousand seven hun and forty seven was inserted fifty-four; Therefore for rectifying the fold Mistake, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act shall be, and is hereby further

125

A.D. 1748. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. c. 34.

tlier continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of fune one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And whereas an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (entitled, tq g. «. z. C j. ' An act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders and Regulations more effectually to prevent the presiding*2. r. 4 of the Distcmpor vjhich now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom) which was to continue and be f r_cnllnued'»

in Force for the Space of eight Months, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, 'was' explained, amended and nmeia j 4 continued, and to be in Force with the said last mentioned Add, for the Space of eight Months, from the ed by 22 Geo. 2. ' tenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and forty six, and from thence to the End of the then c-23 Ga. 4 next Session of Parliament: And whereas the contagious Distemper still continues to rage amongst the q/^'c V 4 Oxen, Bulls, Cows, Calves, Steers and Heifers, in several Parts of this Kingdom; ( Be it therefore fur 2.^31. there enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Acts of the nineteenth and twentieth Years of the zb Geo. 2. C. 14.

Reign of his present Majesty, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued from the Expiration70.c >4

thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, and from oc ", i, <'10' thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to amend and enforce so much of an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and restraining the Use of the Highland Dress, and to Masters and Teachers of private Schools and Chaplains; and to explain a Clause in another Act made in the same Year, relating to Letters of Orders of Episcopal Ministers in Scotland, and to oblige Persons allowed to carry Arms, and the Directors of the Banks there, and certain Persons belonging to, or practising in the Courts of Session and Judiciary, to take the Oaths; and to repeal some Clauses in an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, whereby certain Encouragements are given to Landlords and Tenants in Scotland, who should continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his said late Majesty; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the reign of his present Majesty, inti. 15 Geo z. C 39. tuled. An act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and for more effectually y ' See s6gw>. a. 4 curing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for ref raining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for further C -- 9indemnifying such Persons as have acied in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the uuna tural Rebellion, and for indemnifying the fudges and other Officers of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and for obliging the Masters and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, Tutors and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and to register the same; it was amongst other Things enacted, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and forty six, it should be lawful for the respective Lords Lieutenants of the several Shires of Dunbartain, Sterling, Perth,

Kincardin, Aberdeen, Inverness, Nairn, Cromarty, Argyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, Caithness, Elgin and Ross; and for such other Person or Persons as his Majesty, Ins Heirs or Successors, should by his or their Sign Adanual, from time to time, think fit to authorise and appoint in that Behalf, to issue or cause to be issued out Letters of Summons in his Majesty's Name, and under his or their respective Hands and Seals, directed to such Persons within the said several Shires and Bounds, as he or they from time to time shall think fit; thereby commanding and requiring all and every Person and Persons therein named, or inhabiting within the particular Limits therein described, to bring in and deliver up, at a certain Time and Place, in such Summons to be mentioned, all and singular his and their Arms and Warlike Weapons,

unto such Lord Lieutenant, or other Person or Persons so to be authorised or appointed in that Behalf as aforesaid, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and to be disposed of in such Manner as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors should appoint; and that if any Person or Persons in such Summons mentioned by Name, or inhabiting within the Limits therein described, should be convicted in Manner therein mentioned, of having or bearing any Arms or Warlike Weapons, after the Day prefixed in such Summons, every such Person or Persons should forfeit the Sum of fifteen Pounds Sterling, and should be committed to Prison, until Payment of the said Sum; and if any Person or Persons convicted as aforesaid, should refuse or neglect to make Payment of the aforesaid Sum of fifteen Pounds Sterling, within the Space of one Calendar Month from the Date of such Conviction, then any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or the Judge Ordinary of the Place, where fuc'n Offender or Offenders was or were imprisoned (in case he or they shall judge such Offender or Offenders fit to serve his Majesty as a Soldier or Soldiers) were thereby respectively authorised and required to cause him or them to be delivered over to such Officer or Officers as is therein mentioned, to serve as Soldiers in any of his Majesty's Forces in America: And that after reading the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and ma king such Entry and Certificate thereof as is thereby directed, every Person so delivered over should be deemed a listed Soldier to all Intents and Purposes, and should be subject to the Discipline of War, and in case of Desertion, should be punished as a Deserter; that in case such Offender or Offenders should not be judged fit to serve his Majesty as aforesaid, then he or they should be imprisoned for the Space of six Calendar Months, and also until he or they should give sufficient Security for his or their good Behaviour

i Geo i.

54-

26 C 34. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1748.

for the Space of two Years from the giving thereof: In which fard in Part recited Act is contained a Proviso, That no Peers of this Realm, nor their Sons, nor any Members of Parliament, nor any Per ' Ion or Persons, who, by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring George the First, therein recited or referred to, were allowed to have or carry Arms,

notwithstanding the Prohibition in the said Act contained, of having, wearing or bearing Arms, should be liable to be summoned to deliver up their Arms or Warlike Weapons; and that neither the said recited Act of the nineteenth of his present Majesty, nor the said Act of the first Year of his said late Majesty therein referred to, should be construed to extend to exclude or hinder any Person, whom his Majesty,

his Heirs or Successors, by Licence under his or their Sign Manual, should permit to have or wear Arms,

or who should be licensed to wear Arms by any Writing or Writings under the Hand and Seal or Hands

anti Seals of any Person or Persons authorised by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to give such LI

from keeping, bearing or wearing such Arms and Warlike Weapons, as in such Licence or Licences should for that Purpose be particularly specified: it was thereby further enacted, That from and after the first Day of j.lugujl one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, no Man or Boy within that 1 Part of Great Britain called Scotland, other than such as should be employed as Officers and Soldiers in his Majesty's Forces, should, on any Pretence whatsoever, wear or put on the Clothes commonly called Highland Clothes; that is to say, the Plaid, Philibeg or Little Kilt, Trowfe, Shoulder Belts, or any Parc whatsoever of what peculiarly belongs to the Highland Garb; and that no Tartan or parti coloured Plaid or Stuff should be used for Great Coats, or for Upper Coats, under the Penalties therein mentioned;

1 And it was thereby further enacted, That from and after the first Day of November one thousand seven

and forty six, no Person should exercise the Employment, Function or Service of a Chaplain in any Family in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or of a Governor, Tutor or Teacher of any Child, Children or Youth residing in Scotland, or in Parts beyond the Sea, without first qualifying him self by taking, the Oaths thereby directed and appointed, and causing a Certificate of his having so done

to be entered or registered as is therein directed, under the Pains and Penalties therein mentioned: And that it should not be lawful for any Person in Scotland to keep a private School for teaching English, Latin, Greek or any Part of Literature, or to officiate as a Master or Teacher in such School for jfiterature, other than as therein mentioned, until the Situation and Description of such private School be first entered and registered, with a Certificate of his having qualified himself by taking the Oaths appointed by Law as therein mentioned; and such Master or Teacher is thereby required, as often as Prayers shall be laid in such School, to pray or cause to be prayed for, in express Words, his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

by Name: And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that so much of the said Act as is herein be sore recited is not sufficientor effectual to answer the Purposes thereby intended, and that it is necessary to enforce the same by some new Provisions and Regulations Be it therefore enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the respective Lieutenants of any of the fifteen Shires in the said recited Act for that Purpose named, and for such other Person or Persons as in pursuance of the same Act hath or have been authorised by his Majesty, or shall hereafter be authorised by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to issue out Letters of Summons for the delivering of Arms and Warlike Weapons as is therein mentioned, to nominate and appoint by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, such Person or Persons as they respectively shall think fit, to receive the Arms or Warlike Weapons so to be delivered up in Obedience to any such Summons from any Person or Persons so delivering up the same at the Days and Places to be for that Purpose mentioned in any such Summons, and the Person or Persons so nominated or appointed to receive any such Arms or Warlike Weapons, shall transmit, or cause the same to be transmitted to such Place or Places as such Lieutenant or other Person authorised as aforesaid shall direct and appoint; and all and every Person and Persons, obliged by the said recited Act to deliver up his, her or their Arms or Warlike Weapons, shall incur the like Penalties and Forfeitures, and be subject to the same Punishments respectively, for having or bearing Arms or Warlike Weapons after the Day prefixed in any such Summons, issued in pursuance of the said recited Act, and this present Act, as he, she or they are by the said recited Act made subject or liable to for having or bearing Arms or Warlike Weapons, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said recited Act, whereby it is enacted, That no Peers of this Realm, nor their Sons, nor any Members of Parliament, nor any Person or Pei Tonnes, who by the said Act of the first Year of his late Majesty were allowed to have or carry Arms, should by virtue of the said recited Act be liable to be summoned to deliver up their Arms or Warlike Weapons, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Prohibition contained in the said Act of the first Year of his )i Geo'i and 'ate majesty's Reign, or in the said Act of the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or in at) Geo. C this Act, of having, keeping, bearing or wearing any Arms or Warlike Weapons, and the Pains and fc having Arms, nalties aforesaid, shall not extend or be construed to extend to any Officers or their Assistants, employed in noi to extend 10 the Execution of Justice, nor to prohibit or hinder any Person who is qualified to vote at Elections of par rcvfons qualified liament jvion, to serve for any of the above named Counties; nor any Herctor or life renter, possessed of, s lercm e an ]Tftate of four hundred, and less than one thousand Pounds Scots valued Rent, to have in his Custody, to be used by himself, Family or Servants, in the Manner allowed by the Laws now in Force, any Number of Arms, not exceeding three Firelocks, three Pair of Pistols and three Swords or Cutlasses; nor to, prohibit or hinder any Heretor or life renter, possessed of an Estate of one thousand or more, and less than three thousand Pounds Scots valued Rent, to have in his Custody, to be used by himself, Family or Servants, in the Manner allowed by the Laws now in Force, any Number of Arms, not exceeding seven Firelocks, seven Pair of piflois and seven Swords or Cutlasses; nor to prohibit or hinder any Heretor or life renter,

The Lieutenants appointed to issue Summons for the delivering up of Arm?, e. to nominate Persons to receive the same.

Penalty of not delivering up Arms,

Part of the recited Avfi relating to the not Summering of Peers, C to deliver up their Arm, repealed.

l'cribed.

Number of Arms limited.

Amended by z6 Geo. z. c. 29

A.D. 1748. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. C.34, 127

possessed of an Estate of three thousand or more, and less than six thousand Pounds Scots valued Rent, to have in his Custody, to be used by himself, Family or Servants, in the Manner allowed by the Laws now in Force, any Number of Arms, not exceeding twelve Firelocks, twelve Pair of Pistols and twelve Swords or cutiaftes; nor to prohibit or hinder any Keretor or life renter, possessed of an Eflrate of six thousand or more, and less than nine thousand Pounds Scots valued Rent, to have in his Custody, to be used by himself, Family or Servants, in the Manner allowed by the Laws now in Force, any Number of Arms, not exceeding twenty Firelocks, twenty Pair of Pistols and twenty Swords or cutiaftes; nor to prohibit or hinder any Fleretor or life renter, possessed of an Estate of nine thousand Pounds Scots valued Rent, or more, to have in his Custody, to be used by himself, Family or Servants, in the Manner allowed by the Laws now in Force, any Number of Arms, not exceeding thirty Firelocks, thirty Pair of Pistols, and thirty Swords or cutiaftes; nor to prohibit or hinder the Magistrates of any Burgh Royal, to have in their Custody a sufficient Number of Arms for keeping Guard within their Borough, according to the Directions of their respective Magistrates; nor to prohibit or hinder any Person who shall be licensed to keep, bear or wear Arms, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act, from keeping, bearing or wearing such and To many Arms or Warlike Weapons, as in such Licence or Licences shall be for that Purpose particularly specified; to prohibit or hinder the Officers of the Army, having his Majesty's Commissions, and the Soldiers under their Command, to keep, use or bear Arms as formerly; nor the Lieutenants of Counties or their Deputies, or the sensible Men under their Command, to keep and receive Arms out of his Majesty's Magazines, and to use the same during the Time that their Militia or sensible Men shall be called out by lawful Authority.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That the several Persons before mentioned, to whom a limited Number of Arms above the Arms is hereby allowed, shall be obliged, upon Summons, according to the said recited Act of the nine Number limited, teenth Year of his present Majesty, to deliver up in the Manner directed by this and the said Add, all such to b. c. delivered Arms as they shall have in their Custody or Use, over and above the Number so limited.

V. Provided also, That the Arms in Burghs Royal be kept in the Magazines, under the Care of the piace and Num magistrates, and not left in private Houses, unless by special Order or Warrant in Writing from the Ma ber of Arms to giflrates; and that the whole Number of Arms so kept in any Royal Burgh, shall not exceed the Number 'ekeptin Royal of two hundred Stand of Arms; and that the said Lieutenants of Counties, their Deputies, Militia and c'j!g's' sensible Men under their Command, do return the Arms received out of the King's Magazine, within

twenty Days after the Expiration of the Time for which they shall be called out.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand fe Persons having ven hundred and forty-eight, no Person whatsoever, by reason of having an Income of four hundred Pounds

Scots valued r.enf, or any greater Rent, or being qualified to vote at Elections of Parliament Men, or by lcrn, e'c!' Licence, shall be entitled to keep, bear or wear any Arms, by himself, Family or Servants, unless lie shall first have qualified himself, by taking and subscribing the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration, and fub lcribing the Assurance appointed by Law to be taken by Persons in Offices of public Trust in Scotland, either in the Court of Session, Court of judiciary, or in the Sheriff or stewart's Court of the County,

Shire or Stewartry, where such Person shall reside, or in one of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, and

caused a Certificate of his having so done to be entered or registered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose and regicer the

in one of the said Courts in Scotland; and in case any such Person as aforesaid shall presume to keep or carry r mc

any Arms, without having first qualified himself as aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit the said Arms to pena!; y.

+his Majesty, his heirs and Successors, and also one hundred Pounds Sterling, to be recovered in any of the said Courts in Scotland, one Moiety to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person who shall sue for the same.

VII. And whereas the Time for the Commencement of such Part of the said recited Act, as relates to the restraining the Use of the Highland Dress, was, by an Act made in the twentieth Year of his present jogjo, i. C 51, Majesty's Reign, enlarged, as to all Persons not being Landed Men, until the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight: and whereas the Provision made by the said recited Act is necessary to be carried into Execution; but it is reasonable to give fore further ime and Opportunity for per

some Parts thereofit is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Time given and The Timeli

appointed by the said last mentioned Act for the Purposes therein mentioned, shall be, and the same is by this "Jited or rhp present Act enlarged (as to all those who are not Landed Men or the Sons oflanded Men) from the first Day '

of August one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, till the first Day of August one thousand seven hun ial.g(: d>'

dred and forty-nine.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or he construed to give Liberty parts of the

to any Person whatsoever to wear or put on those Parts of the Flighland Clothes, Garb or Habiliments, Highland which are called the Plaid, Philibeg or Little Kilt, or any of them; but that the said recited Act shall, as to Clothes prol i the Plaid, Philibeg or Little Kilt, take Place, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand blet! to " seven hundred and forty-eight. "

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December, it shall and hcrfo ns wean may he lawful to and for any of his Majesty's Subjects whatsoever, to take up and apprehend all and every the Bid cinibv such Person or Persons as they shall find wearing, contrary to Law, the said Highland Clothes or Gaub, or to te apprehend any Part thereof, and forthwith to carry such Person or Persons before any of his Majesty's Justices of the ed

Peace for the Shire or Stewartry, or judge Ordinary of the Place where such Person or Persons shall be found or apprehended, who are hereby empowered to try and convict every such Offender in a summary Way.

X. And it is hereby enacted, That instead of the Penalties inflicted by the said recited Act of the nineteenth of his present Majesty, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such justice or Judge Ordinary, to cause such Offender, not being a Landed Man or the Son of a Landed Man, lawfully convicted of weaving or putting on the said Highland Clothes or Garb, or any Part thereof, contrary to the said recited or this Act,

I

i3 C

r g

d

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1748.

serve ass Uiersj and the Articles of War to be

and to be deli Act, whom he or they shall judge fit to serve his Majesty as a Soldier, to be delivered, as he and they are voted ovrto hereby required and empowered to do, to any Officer belonging to his Majesty's Forces lo serve therein;

for which Purpose the Officer who shall receive such Person, shall then cause such or so much of the Articles of War made or to be made, as are or shall be directed to be read to Persons enlisted as Soldiers, to be read teadlotbem, C to him in the Presence of such Justice of the Peace, or Judge Ordinary so delivering over such Man, who hall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to be made, together with the Names of the Persons so delivered over, with a Certificate thereof in Writing, under his or their Hands, to be delivered to the said Officer or Officers; and from and after reading such Part of the said Articles of War as aforesaid, every Person so delivered over to such Officer or Officers to serve as a Soldier, shall be deemed a listed Soldier to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be subject to the Discipline of War, and in case of Desertion shall be punished as a Deserter,

XI. And for the better ascertaining what shall be deemed exercising the Employment, Function or Service of a Chaplain within the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act, Be it enacted and declared, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, any

The Description of a Chaplain within the Meaning of the recited a.

Schoolmasters to take the Oath?, C

Penalty of not

Person being, or pretending to be in Holy Orders, of any Denomination whatsoever, other than the mini fters, Elders or Preachers of the Established Church of Scotland, who shall preach or perform any Divine Service in any House or Family of which lie is not the Master, in the Presence or Hearing of any other Person or Persons, whether such Person or Persons be of the Family or not, shall be deemed to be one who exercises the Employment, Function and Service of a Chaplain within the Provision and true Intent and Meaning of the same Act.

XII. And whereas, to evade the Execution of the said Act, relating to Persons keeping or being Ma

or Teacher in such private Schools, diverse Persons have kept such Schools in the Names of others, and had or enjoyed the Profits thereof to themselves, and have thereby avoided complying with the Qua lifications required by the said Act For Remedy thereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, every Person who shall keep in his own Name, or in the Name or Names of any other Person, any private School for teaching english, Latin, Greek, or any Part of Literature, or any School for Literature, other than as in the said Act is excepted, or who hall have, receive or be interested in the Profits, or any Share of the Profits of such School, shall be obliged to take the Oaths appointed by Law to be taken by Persons in Office of publicktruft in Scotland; and to pray, or cause to be prayed for, in express Words, his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors by Name, and for all the Royal Family, as often as there shall be Prayers in such School, or before or in the Hearing of any of the Scholars belonging to such School; and if any Person shall, from and after the

C implying with said twenty-ninth Day of September, keep any such School in his own Name, or in the Names of any other the recited Act. Person or Persons, or have, receive or be interested in the Profits, or any Share of the Profits of such private School, as shall not' have been registered in Manner directed by the said Act, or without having qualified himself, and caused the Certificate thereof to be registered in Manner directed by the said Act; or in case he shall neglect to pray for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Name, and all the Royal Family, or cause them to be prayed for as aforesaid; in case he shall resort to, or attend Divine worchip in any Episcopal meeting house not allowed by Law; every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted before two or more Justices of the Peace, or before any other Judge competent summarily, shall, for the first Offence, suffer Imprisonment for the Space of six Months; and for the second or any subsequent Offence, being thereof lawfully convicted before the Court of Judiciary, or in any of the Circuit Courts, shall be adjudged to be transported, and shall be accordingly transported to some of his Majesty's Plantations in America for Life; and in case any Person so adjudged to be transported shall return into, or be found in Great Britain, he shall suffer Imprisonment for Life.

19c eo. c. 38. '

XIII. And whereas by a Clause in another Act made in the nineteenth Year of his Majesty's reign,

entitled. An Act more effeshially to prohibit and prevent Pajhrs or minijlersjfrorn officiating in Episcopal

in Scotland, without duly qualifying themselves according to Law, and to punish perfsr.s for resorting to any meeting houses where such unqualified Pajhrs or ministers fall officiate. It is enacted, That

from and after the first Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty six, no Letters of Orders of any Pastor or Minister of any Episcopal Meeting or Congregation in Scotland, should be deemed sufficient, or be admitted to be registered, but such as had been given by some Bishop of the Church of England, or of Ireland; and in case any Letters of Orders, other than such as are before described, should be registered, such Registration should be deemed null and void to all Intents and Purposes: And whereas a Doubt has been raised upon the said recited Clause, whether the same doth extend to any Letters of Orders which have been registered before the said first: Day of September: 'Now, for clearing and taking away any such Doubt, It is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Letters of Orders, not granted by some Bishop of the Church of England, or of Ireland, shall, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, be sufficient, or be taken or adjudged to be sufficient, to qualify any such Pastor or Minister as abovementioned, whether the same were registered before or after the said first Day of September -, and that every such Registration, either made before or after the said first Day of September, shall, from and after the said twenty-ninth

Letters of Orders not granted by some Bishop of the Church of England cr Ivelind, infus

fident to qualify. Day of September, be deemed null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

Persons fcelor.r

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who on the twenty-fourth

ing to either of the Banks to fuhfy them felm.

Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, shall be a Governor, Deputy Governor, Director, Secretary, Cashier, Treasurer, Accountant or Teller of, or use or exercise any such Employment in either of the Banks ill that Part of Great Britain called Scotland (that is to say) The Bank called or known by the Name of The Bank of Scotland, or the Bank called or known by te Name of The Royal Bank, shall, within the Space of three Months after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, take and subscribe the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration, and fubl cribe the Assurance appointed by

A.D. 1748. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. c. 34, 129

Law to be taken and subscribed by Persons in Offices of public Trust in Scotland, either in the Court of Seffian, Court of Justiciary, or in the Sheriff or stewart's Court of the County, Shire or Stewartry where such Person shall reside, or in one of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster: And every Person who, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, shall be elected or appointed to be, or accept or take upon him the Employment of a Governor, Deputy Governor, Director, Secretary, Cashier, Treasurer, Accountant or Teller of either of the said Banks, shall, within three Months after he shall accept or take upon him such Employment, take and subscribe the said Oaths, and subscribe the said Assurance, either in the said Court of Session, Court of Justiciary, or in the sheriff's or stewart's Court of the County, Shire or Stewartry where such Person shall reside, or in one of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster; the taking and subscribing Qualifications to of which said Oaths and Assurance by all such Persons respectively, shall be entered on a Roll or in a be entered. Book for that purpose, and be kept amongst the Records of the said several Courts.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Person who shall refuse or Penalty on such neglect to take and subscribe the said Oaths, or to subscribe the said Assurance, in fonie of the said Courts pv.fons not<jui* within the respective Times aforesaid, shall be ipso facto adjudged and deemed incapable and disabled in Law to enjoy, use or exercise such Employment of a Governor, Deputy Governor, Director, Secretary,

Cashier, Treasurer, Accountant or Teller: And if any such Person so refusing or neglecting to take and subscribe the said Oaths, or subscribe the said Assurance as aforesaid, shall, after such Refusal or Neglect, exercise such Employment, every such Person shall be liable to incur the same Forfeitures, Penalties and Disabilities, as persons executing Offices of public Trust in Scotland, who have neglected within the Time required by Law to take and subscribe the said Oaths, or subscribe the said Assurance, may by the Laws now in Force be liable to and incur.

XVI. And whereas by one other Act of the twentieh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, Recital of a ' That from, and after the twenty ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, it Claofe m ?o ' shall not be lawful for any Person whatsoever in Scotland to act as a Writer, Agent or Solicitor, or to ma,

nage, agent or solicit any Cause or 'Business in the Court of Session, Court of Justiciary (whether atto Agents and edinburgh.or in the Circuit Courts) or in the Court of Exchequer, until such Person shall have first taken Solicitors.

and subscribed the Oaths in the Court of Session or Justiciary, or in one of the sheriff's or stewart's ' Courts appointed by Law to be taken by Persons in Offices Civil or Military in Scotland, and caused ' a Certificate of his having so done to be entered or registered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose in the respective Courts where any such Person shall so officiate: And whereas a Doubt hath been entertained,

whether the Persons adding as Extractors in and about the Court of Session, as Clerks to any of the Lords of Session, or to any Advocate, as Clerks or first Servants to the Principal and Under Clerks of Session, or as Keepers of the Registers of Bonds, or other Registers, as Collectors or Sub collectors of the Fees of the Lord Register and Clerks of Session, are comprehended within the Intent and Meaning of the said Act; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall, after the said Extraflers and twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, be or ad as Ex C crks>&c to trador to the Court of Session, or as Clerk to, or Keeper of the Eland Rolls of any of the Lords of Session or Justiciary, or as Clerk to any Advocate, or as Clerk or first Servant to any of the Principal or Under selves.y Clerks of Session or Justiciary, or as Keeper or Under Keeper of the Register of Bonds in any of the said Clerks Offices, or other Offices of Registers, or as Collectors or Sub collectors of the Fees of the Lord Register, or Clerks of the Session, unless he first take the Oaths, and subscribe the Assurance, appointed to be taken and subscribed by Persons in Offices of public Trust in Scotland, and cause a Certificate thereof to Certificates be entered and registered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; the Lords of the Session are hereby thereof to be required to cause such Book to be kept by one of the Principal Clerks of the Session, who is to enter the esthered. Names of the Persons taking the said Oaths, and subscribing the said Assurance, in such Books, upon the said Persons taking such Oaths, and subscribing such Assurance, before the Lords of the Session, upon Certificate from the proper Officer of such other Courts, where the same shall be taken and subscribed respectively; the Lords of the Session shall cause true and exact Lists of the said Persons so taking the Lists of the per said Oaths, and subscribing the said Declaration, to be affixed every first and last Day of every Session, in Cons who have the Outer and Inner House of the said Court, and to be kept up there constantly, till new Lists are fixed to, be

up according to this Act; and in case any Person shall, after the said twenty-ninth Day of September be oer amunner or act as aforesaid, before he shall have so taken the said Oaths, and subscribed the said Assurance, he shall Hoofeof the be subject to the same Disabilities, Forfeitures, Penalties and Punishments, as if he was Writer, Agent or com t. Solicitor, within the Intent of the said Act; and the Lords of Session are hereby empowered to give such Orders to be Orders, from time to time, to the Clerks, Macers or Keepers of the Minute Book, or other inferior Of given by the ficers or Members of their Court, as they shall judge necessary, for the more effectually discoveiing and Lords ot Session punishing such of the said Persons, and such Writers, Agents or Solicitors, who shall not qualify themselves ^ednts°" 'ida. according to this and the said recited Act, and to censure and punish such Officers of their Court, as they nt qua" shall find guilty of neglecting to give Obedience to such Orders, or wilfully concealing any such Offenders in not so qualifying themselves.

XVII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, j Ge i, C no, intituled, An Act for encouraging of Superiors, Vajjah, Landlords and Tenants in Scotland, tvb/> do or shall continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his Majesty Kin? George; and for discouragin? all Superiors,

any suspected Person or Persons, whose ejlutcs or Principal Reftdxnce are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh,

or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour; and for the better disarming disaf fefted Persons in Scotland; It is, amongst other Things, enacted, That all and every Tenant and Tenants

13°

C

34-

The recited Claults repealed,

The King's Right, See. not afte&ed by the said Clause.

Conftwftion of the said Clauses,

The "Evidence of tyre Party concerned admiited. in Trials for Theft of Cattle.

The "Evidence of the Party reporting to unli cenftd Episcopal meeting houser, admitted on Trials for the Tdid Offence, Continued by ^3 Geo. 2. C

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 17-4-8.

in Scotland, who should continue peaceable, and in dutiful Allegiance to his Majesty, his Heirs and'

successor i, bruicking and occupying any Lands, Milns, Mines, 'Woods, Fishings or Tenements, as Te

or Tenants, " Taxman or Taxmen, from and under any Person guilty of any of the hightreasons in the said Act mentioned, should, and they were thereby ordained to bruick and occupy all and every such Land', Mines, Milns, Woods, Fishings and Tenements, for the Space of two Years, or Crops, to lie accounted from and after the Attainder of such Person, freely, without Payment of any Rent, Duty or Service, for the said two Years or Crops; and that if any slibj eft of Great Britain, holding Lands or Tenements of a Subject superior in Scotland, had been; or fhoilld be guilty of the High Treason ortrea Ions in the said Act mentioned, the Lands or Tenements of every such Offender, held of any Subject fu < ' peiior in Scotland, should recognofce and return into the Hands of the Superior, and the Property should

and was thereby consolidated with the Superiority, in the same Manner as if the same Lands or Te ' nements had been by the valtal resigned into the Hands of his Superior, adperpetuam Rananentiam; and

in case any Tenant or Tenants, Taxman or Taxmen, bruicking and occupying any Lands, Mines, '- Milns, Woods, Fishings or Tenements, being guilty of such High Treason or Treasons as aforesaid, and fhbulu be thereof duly convicted and attainted, the Title by which all and every such Tenant or Tenants.

Taxman or Taxmen, did bruick or occupy as aforesaid, should cease and become void, and the Lands,

Mines, Milns, Woods, Fishings and Tenements so bruicked or occupied, together with the single and lifetrent Escheat of such Tenant or Tenants, Taxman or Taxmen, should return to and be enjoyed and possessed by the Person or Persons from or under whom such Title was derived respectively, who should continue peaceable and dutiful to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors: And it is by the said last recited Act further enabled. That no Person or Persons who might reap or have any Profit or Advantage by the Attainder, Conviction or Forfeitures of any Person or Persons by virtue of the same Act, should be cajiable of being a Witness or Witnesses against any Person or Persons by whose Attainder, Conviction or Forfeitures any Benefit should or might accrue to such Witness or Witnesses: whereas the said Act

vas made on the Occasion of the unnatural Rebellion which broke out in this Kingdom, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, but a Doubt had been conceived whether the Clauses herein before recited, or some Part thereof, do till continue in Force, or not; and in case the same should be adjudged so to be, great Inconveniences might infue therefrom for the future; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Act as is before recited, be, and the same is hereby, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of september one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, repealed, nn.d declared to be no longer in Force.

XVIII. Provided always, That nothing III this Clause contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or affect the Right, Title or Interest of the King's most Excellent Majesty, or of any other Person or Persons, veiled or accrued by virtue or means of any Matter or Thing whatfever, happened or done at any Time before the said twenty-ninth Day of September.

XIX. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend or inure, to declare or determine the said Clauses herein before recited, or any Part thereof, to be or continue in Force till the said twenty-ninth Day of September, but such Exposition and construction of the said recited Clauses, and every Part thereof, shall be made, as to any Matter or Thing happening before the said twenty-ninth Day of September, as would and ought to have been made in case this Act had never been passed

And whereas it is necessary to make some farther Provision for the more effectually suppressing the Crimes of Theft of Cattle in the Highlands of Scotland, or the Depredations committed by the unlawful taking or maintaining the Possession of Cattle by Force and Violence; 'Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, in all Trials or Prosecutions within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Crimes of Theft of Cattle, or the malterful taking away or detaining the same, it shall not be allowed to be a good ob jeftion to any Witness produced for proving such Libel or Indictment, that he was himself Particeps or Sodas Criminis, nor fha 11 the Evidence given by. such Witness be made use of against himself, nor shall he be liable to be prosecuted for his Accession to the Offence which he shall as a Witness give Evidence, that the same was committed by the Prisoner or Funnel, in whose Trial he shall be so adduced, or that such Prisoner or Pannel was Art and Part thereof; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And whereas by another Clause of the said Act of the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's ' Reign, there ate Penalties imposed on Persons who shall a sort to, or frequent any Episcopal Meeting home or Congregation in Scotland, not allowed by Lavy, who shall not, within the Space of five Days,

give Information of inch illegal Meeting to some proper magistrate: And whereas a Doubt has been raised,

whether Persons present at such illegal Meeting, who did not, within the Space of five Days, give ln formation thereof as aforesaid, could be compelled to appear and give Evidence against the Minister, or other Person offending against the said Act; '*be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in all prosecutions.for Offences against the said Act, it shall and may be lawful and competent to produce as Witnesses, whether against the Minister or Hearers, other Persons present who may also have been guilty of offending against the said Act; but the Evidence given by such Witnesses shall not be made use of, or given in Evidence against themselves, upon any Prosecution for any Penalty inflicted by the said Act.

Anno

A.D. 1749.

C

*3*

Anno vicesimo secundo GEORGII II. Reds.

_<!) r.a. r. r 0

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster, the tenth Day of November, Anno Dom. 1747, in lithe twenty first Year of thereignof our Sovereign Lord G EOR GE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, isc. And from

Cthence continued by federal prorogations.to the twenty-ninth day of November, being the second Session of this present Parliament.

CAPL I.

An Act for continuing and granting to hi's Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax' to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven' hundred and forty-nine'.' EXP. At 4 s. in the Pound.

CAP. III.

An Act declaring the Authority of the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing and determining Appeals in Causes of Prizes.

TTT WHEREAS is Majesty, in order to bring the ttfyny Appeals that were or Should be depending

W" from Sentences in Causes of Prizes, pronpuficcd in the Courts of Admiralty in this Kingdom,

and in any of the Courts of Admiralty in his Majesty's Plantations in America, and also in the Courts of Admiralty in Ireland, and all other his Majesty's Dominions abroad, to a speedy Determination, did by lnvcommission under the Great Seal, bearing Date at Westminster the eleventh Day of July in the twenty second Year of his Reign', revoke a former Commission for receiving, hearing and determining such Appeals

granted to all his Majesty's then Privy Counsellors, and all others his Majesty's Privy Counsellors then and for the time being, during his Pleasure; did also, by the same Commission of the eleventh Day of July last, constitute and appoint all his Majesty's Privy Counsellors then and for the time being, as also Sir Thomas

Parker, Knight, Lord Chief Baron of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, Sir Martin If right. Sir Thomas Denison and Sir Michael Pojler, Knights, Justices of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench; Sir Thomas Abney. Sir Thomas Burnett and Sir Thomas Birch, Knights, Justices of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas,

Charles Clarke, Edward Clive and heneagelegge, Esquires, Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer

the Chief Baron of his Majesty Court of Exchequer, Justices of his Majesty's Courts of King's Bench

and Common Pleas, and the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer for the time being, to be his Ma

Commissioners for receiving, hearing and determining such Appeals during his Majesty's Pleasure,

with such Powers and Authorities as are therein contained: And whereas some Objections have been raised against the last mentioned Commission, on account of the Lord Chief Baron of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, the Justices of his Majesty's Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and the Barons of his Majesty's Court of exchequer, who were not of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, being

joined therein: 'Now, for removing and avoiding' the said Objections, and all other Objections and Doubts whatsoever relating to the said Commission; Be it enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Commission, and all the The Commis powers, Jurisdictions and Authorities therein contained, are and shall be deemed, construed and adjudged ion framed by to be good and valid in Law, to all Intents and' Purposes, according to the true Intent and Meaning the re - lus Majesty de of; and that the said Commissioners, as well the said Lord Chief Baron., and the said Justices and Barons e com therein named, and the Lord Chief Baron of the said Court of Exchequer, and the Justices of the said Courts missionen of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and the Barons of the said Court of Excloequer for the time being, although net of though they, or any of them, Should not be of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, as other his the Privy coun majesty's said Commissioners, shall and may, during his Majesty's Pleasure, have, use and exercise full CJ imfovvcled to Power, Jurisdiction and Authority to receive, hear and determine all such Appeals, and have, use and exercise all other Powers, Jurisdictions and authorities, according to the true Intent and Meaning of his Majesty's said Commission.

II. provided always nevertheless, That no Judgement or Sentence, to be given upon the Hearing of any No Sentence such Appeal, shall be valid, unless the major Part of the Commissioners, who shall be present at such Judge be valid, unim's mentor Sentence, shall be of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council. a Majority of

J 1 1 the Commil

Eoners present be of the privy Council,

CAP. IV.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Well at the northwest End of the Town

or Village of Farmborough in the County of Kent, to a Place called Riverbill, in the Parish of Sevenoaks, in the said County.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 2: Years.

S 2.

act.

13-2 a 5 — 11.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

CAP. V.

An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

r.

EXP.

CAP. VI.

An Act for repairing, enlarging and preserving the Harbour of Ellenfoot, in the County of Cumberland

PR.

WHEREAS the Harbour of Ellenfoot, in the County of Cumberland, although situated very con. for the Coal Trade carried on in that County, is not, in its present State and Condition, capable of receiving and harbouring Ships and Vessels sufficient for that Purpose; but, in case a new Pier, C and other Works, were erected and made in and about the same, it might be made a proper and sufficient Harbour for the Reception and Safeguard of Ships and Vessels navigating in those Seas; which would not only be a Means of extending the said Coal Trade, but would contribute also to the Increase of his Majesty's Customs, and the Improvement of Trade and Navigation in general: But as a sufficient Sum of Money cannot be raised to defray the Expense of amending and enlarging the said Harbour, and render ing the same fit and proper for the Purposes aforesaid, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, Cfc.

"From 25 March 1749, during 21 Years, there shall be paid unto the Commissioners herein after named, "viz. by the Coal Owner, twopence for every 192 Gallons of Coals, shipped in the Harbour.; and by "the Masser of the Ship, twopence for every 192 Gallons; and after the End of zi Years, one Penny. "Every Masser of a Ship not loading Coals, shall pay upon Arrival from any Place in Great Britain or "Ireland, or the Isle of Man, sixpence per Tonne. For every Ship which shall be driven, or come in for "Security, fourpence per Tonne. Trustees to appoint Collectors. The Money received to be applied to "maintaining the Harbour. Collectors to give Security. Distress for nonpayment of Duties. "Power to measure Ships, to ascertain the Tonnage. No Ship to be discharged by the Officers of the cu-51 ffoms till Duties paid. Trustees to appoint the Place for building the Pier, C may borrow' Money. "New Trustees to be elected. No Rubbish, isfe. to be thrown into the Harbour, on Pain of ten Shillings.".

CAP. VII.

An act for repairing the Road from the' West Cowgate near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, through the West End of Kenton, Pont Eland, Higharn Dikes, Newham Edge, Beljay Mil and South Middleton, to the North Side of the River Wanfpeck, in the County of Northumberland.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.

CAP. VIII.

An act to continue two acts of Parliament, one of the first, and the other of the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging' the Road leading from the House called The Sign, oft the Bells, in the Parish of Saint Margaret in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent; and for rendering the same more effectual.

PR.

The two former acts 1 Geo. 2. c. 12. and 9 Geo. 2. c. 7. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. IX.

An act for repairing the Road from North Shields in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of New

i > castle upon Tyne.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.

CAP. X

An act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale, which shall be sold or vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped for Sale, within the Town of Anjlruiher Easter, and Liberties

thereof.

PR.

A Duty of Excise granted to the Town for 25 Years.

CAP. XI.

An A (St for Draining and Preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the several parishes of Sutton, Mepcill, Witcham, Chatteris, dcdjhigton, and a Place called By al Fen in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and also in the Parishes of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton in the County of Huntingdon.

PR.

"\x/hereas certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds (Part of the great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level) lying and being in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mcpall, ifitcham, Chatteris, dead e dington, and a Place called Byal Fen in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and also in the Parishes 1 of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton in the County of Huntingdon, containing in the Whole, nine thou

failed

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II.

C it.

i 33

A.D. 174.9.

sand Acres, or thereabouts, the Boundaries whereof are as followeth; that is to say, beginning at a Ba: k ' called the Twenty Feet Bank or Black Bank., next adjoining to a Koufe now in Possession of Thomas Rogers; and from thence along by the Side of the Oatring Ditch, next the Lands called North Mead Lands, to a ' Place called the Ip'ejt water; and from thence along by the said Water to a Place called Copens Corner;

and from thence to Somersham Turnpike Bridge, on the East Side of Land formerly called the Old West ' 1 Sitter; and from thence back again by a Common called the Miles, along by the Daft Side of a Piece of 1 Land called the Parsonage Lot, to a Gate which leads to apiece of Land nowin Possession of Thomas e Want 5 and from thence along by the Bank Side of the said Land to the End of a Ditch, lying between ' a Lot of Land now or late in Possession of William Thompson, Esquire, and certain other Lots of Land, '

now in Possession of John Goodfellow and William Archdeacon, to a Place called Long Drove, and from thence cross the said Drove, at the Lot of Land in Possession of the said William Archdeacon, and along by 6 a Ditch leading between two Lots of Land, now in Possession of Isaac Stephens, to certain Lowlands, ' new in Possession of Isaac Waollaston, Esquire; and from thence round by the Side of certain Highlands, ' now in Possession of the said Isaac Woollaston, to a Place called Cross Drove, at the upper End of a Place

called Cross Lakes; and from thence back again by the said Cross Drove Side, next the said Cross Lakes,

to a Place called Long Drove; and from thence along by the Ends of several Lots of Land, now in Pol ' session of Jane Leads, Widow, William Thompson, Esquire, and Thomas Want, next the said Long Drove, to ' a Place opposite to the End of a Ditch between certain Lots of Land, lying on the West Side of Long Drove, now in Possession of James Hubbard and John Leeds, to a Place called Parke Lot Side; and from thence to, a Place called Slyer Ditch, and along by the said Ditch to a Place opposite to certain Low ' Lands belonging to Isaac Woollaston, before named; and from thence cross a'drove called Rumbalds Drove',

along by the Side of the adjacent Highlands, to a Place called Somerjloam Meadow Dike, and along by the Side of the said Meadow to the opposite End of a Place called Little Land Flood, belonging to certain ( Closes called College Clofcs; and from thence along by certain Highlands, to a Place known by the Name of Somersham Low Wood Corner; and from thence along Somersham Low Wood, and a Place known by the Name of Fernhill Bottom, to a Dole next adjoining to a Place called Pidley Drove, now or late in Possession of Agnes Cope, Widow, and from thence cross a Place called the Drove, and round by the Side of Pidley Meadow, to a Dike between a Place called Upper Lunch Ground, and certain Lands now or late

in Possession of Agnes Cope, Widow, along to certain Lands next adjoining to a Place called Fenton Drove,

noy/in Possession of William Thompson, Lfcuire, before named; and from thence along Lands next ad joining to a Drove called Fenton Drove, in Possession of the said jvihiam Thompson, and along by the said Drove to the further ena thereof; and from thence to the Sice of the Highlands, and round by a Farm called Rowcy Farm; and from thence to the middle Hedge of certain Land now in Possession of William Pag

Esquire, called Paggets Great Ground; and from thence along by Fenton Load to a Dike between a Farm belonging to Mary Underwom, called Hither High Fen Farm; and a Farm belonging to Charles Leeds; and from thence along by the said Dike to a Drain, called the Twelve Foot Drain; and along by a Bank on the West Side of the said Drain to a Place called Hammonds Eau; and from thence along by the North Side of Fen Ground; belonging to Isaac jvollaston, Esquire, before named, to Somersham Turnpike bridge;

and from thence along the Last Side of Somersham Turnpike Road to a Place called the Ferry Chelm,

otherwise Chatteris Ferry; and from thence along by the Outring Ditch next adjoining to a Common known by the Name of Ferry Burrows, to another Common called Horseload Fen; and from thence along by the Outring Ditch, next adjoining to the said Fen, formerly known by the Namecf Snares Load, to a Tun ' nel lying under and through a Bank, called Iretoiis Way or Bank, and from thence along by the Outring Ditch, which parts certain Grounds called Mepall Severals, from a Common called Block Fen, and the Outring Ditch which parts Chatteris Severals, and the said Block Fen, to the said Bank called Iretons Way,

otherwise Mepall Bank; and from thence along by the said Way or Bank to Chatteris Common, near to a ' Place there called jvenny; and from thence along by the Ouring Ditch, which parts the Lands now in Pof ' session of Matthew Wylabore, Esquire, and others, from a Place called Chatteris Common, to a Common Fen < called Long Wood Fen Common; and from thence along by the Outring Ditch, which divides certain Land,

now in Possession of John Marriott, from the last mentioned Common, and along the Outring Ditch of certain Land, now in Possession of Francis Pemberton, Clerk, to certain Land called Billoops Land, now in Possession of Mark Grctton, Clerk; and from thence along by the said Ditch, next adjoining to a Com ' moil called Chatteris Common, to a Bank called the Forty Foot Bank, and so along by the said Bank to a

Place called Welches Dam; and fiorn thence along by the Bank called the Twenty Foot Bank, or Black Bank, to the Division Dike between the House of Thomas Rogers before named, and the said North Mead

Lands; and all that traiel of Land called jveflmoor Bcezlings and Rcjlidge, beginning from and at a Drain called the Forty Foot Drain; and from thence along by a Part of Chatteris Common called Curse; and from thence abutting upon and against Land called Willey; and upon a Common called Under I Tilley, to the End of certain Land next adjoining to a Place called Hive End Burrows, now in Possession of Edward 1 Doyly; and from thence along by the Outring Ditch of certain other Lands, now in Possession of the said Ed

ward Doyley, Gotobecl East, Thomas Smith, John Marriott, and others, to Part of a Common called Chatteris

I Mow, otherwise Acre Fen; and from thence along by the Outring Ditch next the said Alow, otherwise Fen, to a piece_of Land formerly called the West Water, otherwise Old wei Water; and from thence along by the said Land, to certain Land now in Possession of Sir Thomas Peyton, Baronet; and from thence along by the Outring Ditch between the Land of the said Sir Thomas Peyton, and Land now or late in Possession of Rebecca Clark, Benjamin Skeeles, and the Heirs of Robert Skeclcs, to a Drove called Bcezlings

Drove; and from thence along by the East Side of the said Drove, to the aforesaid Drain, called the Forts Foot Drain; and from thence along by the said Drain, to the aforesaid Piece of Chatteris Common called Curse; and from thence along by the said Common, to a Place called Carters Bridge; are (except certain Parts and Parcels thereof, which are herein after described and excepted) subject to Inundations through the defect of their Outfals to Sea, and are in Danger of being rendered useless, to the great Damage and

Impoverishment

134 C 12 — 16. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

Impoverishment of the Owners and Proprietors of such Grounds, and to the Loss of the Public: And whereas the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds cannot be preserved without the Aid of Parliament, to enable the Owners thereof to drain the same, and to keep the same drained for the future; 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, C "

"empowered to make Works for draining the Lands. Justices at the Quarter Sessions to "settle Differences. Commissioners to meet twice a Year, to make Orders for draining the Lands, and to "appoint Officers. Commissioners empowered to raise a Tax of r s. 6 d. per Acre for the first Year and "for every Year after, i s. per Acre. Certain Lands exempted from being taxed. Commissioners impow "ered to borrow Money on the yearly Rates, at 5 I. percent. Commissioners empowered to award Satis "to the Proprietors of Westmore Beestings, and Reftldge, for Cuts made by them. The Tax to be "levied by Distress and Sale. Tenants required to pay the Tax, which is to be allowed them by the Land "Tunnels to be laid under all the Dikes, C 100l. Penalty on wilful damaging, (sc. the Works.

"For want of Distress the Person to be committed. Persons convicted of setting Fine to any of the Works, "to be transported as Felons. Commissioners to inspect and adjust the Accounts yearly. Upon Death, ive. e of Commissioners, others to be chosen in their Room. Number not to exceed 45. No Works to be made "to hinder the Waters drained from certain Lands, from issuing to their Outfall. The Rights of the Go "cof Bedford Level, reserved, -

CAP. XII.

An Act for continuing and making more effectual two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Sherbrooke Hill near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport in the County of Chester, to Manchester in the County of Lancaster; and for amending other Roads adjoining to the Road directed to be repaired by the first mentioned Act.

PR.

The former Acts n Geo. 1. c. 13. and 3 Geo. 2. c. 4. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Peer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or sold, within the Town of Kinghorn, and Liberties thereof.

PR.

A Duty of Excise granted to the Town for 31 Years, (Fc.

CAP. XIV.

V

An Act for continuing and making more effectual two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highway between a certain Place called Kilburn Bridge in the county of Middlesex, and Sparrows Herne in the County of Hertford.

PR.

The former Acts 10 Ann. and 8 Geo. 1. c. 9. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XV.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leomirfler in the County of Hereford, and for making the said Act more effectual.

PR.

The Act 2 Geo. 2. c. 13. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands within the Manors and Parishes of up well and out well, and the Pari Hus of Denver and jvelney, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

PR.

WHEREAS certain Fen Lands lying and being in the Parish of Denver, the Manors and Parishes of Upwell and Oittwell, and the Pasifti of jvelney, within the Isle of Ely, County of Cambridge,

and County of Norfolk, containing in the Whole near eleven choufand Aeres, and bounded as followeth;

that is to say, from the Outring Ditch of the Land of Joseph Gordon Gentleman, next to the Bank of the Land of Edmund Saffery Gentleman, and along Well Creek, by North Delph Corner, to churchfieldbank

in Gutvjcllaforesaid; and along Churchfield Bank to a Place called Small Load, where it joins a Bank called Plovjfield Bank; and along Plowfield Bank to a Place called Upwel! Sluice, Handing upon Pophams Ean;

and from thence, along by Pophams Eau, to a Place called The Sixteen Foot Bank, and from thence,

along by the said Bank, to a Place called The Old Chair Drain; and from thence to a Place called Darcy Load; and from thence along by the said Load, to jvelney Old River; and from thence along by the said" " to a Place called The Twenty Foot Drain, at jvelney; and from thence along by the said Drain, to the Outring Diteh of the Land of the said Joseph Gordon, next to the said Twenty Foot Drain; and along the said Outring Ditch to I Veil Creek, have of late Years been frequently overflowed, and annoyed with

3 ' Water,

A.D. 1749. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 17 — 19.

Water, by reason of the Decay of the Outfall which discharges the Land Waters to the Sea, and are thereby greatly diminished in their Value, to the great Loss of the several Owners and Proprietors thereof,

and of the Public in General: And whereas the said Fen Lands cannot be drained and preserved, so as to restore them to their real Value, without the Aid of Parliament to enable the said several Owners and Proprietors to undertake the same May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, Wc.

f4 Commissioners empowered to make Works for draining the Lands. Justices at the Quarter sessions so f4 settle Differences. Commissioners to meet twice a Year, empowered to make Orders, and appoint Offi cers. Commissioners empowered to raise a Tax of i t. 6 d. per Acre for the full Year and for every Year after, i s. per Acre. Commissioners empowered to borrow Money on the yearly Rates; at t, I. per Cent, Commissioners empowered to remove the Mills ereted for draining the Lands; and to eret therri "where they shall think proper, and to examine the Accounts of the Moneys expended, C The Commissioner to reimburse the Moneys expended in banking certain Parts of the 20 Feet Drain. The Tax to be levied by Distress and Sale. Tenants required to pay the Tax, which is to be allowed them by the Landlords. horse mills may be ereted on the Arable Lands. Tunnels to be laid under all the Dikes, 44 C Officers empowered to lay them if the Owners refuse, C 100 /. Penalty on wilful damaging, e.

the Works. For. want of Distress, the Person to be committed. Persons convited of Petting Fire to any of the Works, to be transported as Felons. Commissioners to inspet and adjust the Accounts yearly. Upon Death, cof Commissioners, others to be chosen in their Room. Number not to exceed forty, The Rights of the Governor, isfe. of Bedford Level reserved."

CAP. XVII.

An Act for effetually amending and repairing the Road leading from Wamford Bridge in the County of Northampton, to the Town of Stamford in the County of Lincoln.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford. P R,

The Act 3 Geo. 2. c. 18. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the more effectual Draining and Preserving of federal Fen Lands and Field Lands, in the Bounds and Precincts of Whittle fey in the isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

PR.

WHEREAS here are certain Feris and Low Grounds lying in the Township of ifhittlefey, within the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, containing in the whole about nine thousand seven hundred and fifty Acres; and which are divided into five several distrits or trats, containing the several Parcels and Quantities of Land herein after particularly mentioned and described; that isto say, all those Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in ifhittlefey aforesaid, in a Place there called King's Delph, containing by Estimation three hundred and fifty Acres, be the same more or less, and bounded as follows; to wit, From King's Delph Gravel by Canters Doles Dyke, to the Droveway dividing Blackbujh from King's Delph (excluding the said Droveway) from the said Droveway by the Lands of Mistress Frankland, Though mas Randall, William Drake, William Angell, George Maylcs, George Randall, and Thomas Randall, to the first cross drove; along the said first cross drove by the Lands of the said Thomas Randall and Thomas Keif id I to suet hill Drove; along suet hill Drove South, by the Lands of John Loonies senior, to lire (cconi cross drove; by the said Lands of 'john Loomcs and William Searle to the third cross drove; and along the said third cross drove by the Lands of George IIatfon to the fourth cross drove; along the said fourth cross drove by the Lands of William Fletcher, to the Drove dividing the Sets and Running commons;

along the said Drove to the West End of the Freeman's Acres; from the West End of the said Freeman s Acres, to the Half Dole on the East Side of the Brigivood; and along the said Half Dole to ifhittlefey Dyke, at fields end Bridge; and from the fields end Bridge along ifhittlefey Dyke to King's Delph Gravel aforesaid; the first distrit or Division; all those Fen Lands and Low Grounds called Reach, otherwise Blackbujh, containing by Estimation fourteen hundred Acres, be the same more or less,

and bounded as follows; to wit, From the Town of ifhittlefey, to a Place called Pond's Bridge, by a Drain called The Sixteen Feet Drain; and from thence by the said Drain called Oakley Dyke, to tyre Run King Commons in King's Delph at the South End thereof; and from thence by a Droveway which divides the said Lands called Blackbujh, from the said Lands called King's Delph, to the North Corner of the said Mistress frankland's Lands called Running Common (including the said Droveway) and from thence by the North End of Thomas Moore's Lands to Canters Doles Dyke, and from thence by Canters Doles Dyke to ifhittlefey Dyke, near King's Delph Gravel, being the West Boundary thereof; and from the said ifhittlefey 1 d)ke, near King's Delph Gravel, by the same Dyke to a Place called the Long Gravel; and from the Long Gravel by a Dyke which divides the North End of the Land called Mailer bird's Hundred Acres, from the Lands of Rebecca Sergeant, Widow, John Hoby and John Garner, to the said Sixteen Feet Drain (excluding such L aft mentioned Lands, and the said Mailer bird's One Hundred Acres) do constitute and make the fe

cond

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II.

i \6

C 19.

A.D. 1749.

cond Division; all those Fen Lands and Low Grounds called the Sets, Great Oldeamecrc, and Near jvype, containing by Estimation one thousand Acres, be the same more or Iefs, and bounded as follows; ' to vit. From fvhittlejey Dyke, over against Eastrey Lake, by the Half Severals and Fields belonging to the Town of jvhiithfy, to a Droveway leading from Whittlesey to Eastrey called the Common half cere (excluding the said Half Severals and Fields) and from the Common half acre, by a Droveway leading to the Half Severals called the Fen Lots (excluding the said Half Severals called the Fen Lots, and inclu ding the Whole Severals called the Fen Lots) and from the said Fen Lots by eaflrcy field to Coates, and from Coates by Kefull's Lands and the said Thomas moore's thirteen Acres at Lipnea; and from the said Thomas Moore's Lands at Lipnea, by a Droveway leading to Beggars Bridge; and from Beggars Bridge, by bcvill's River to Whittlesey Dyke near Angle Bridge; and from Angle Bridge by the said Whittlesey Dyke to Eaflrey sake aforesaid, do constitute the third Division; all those Fen Lands and Low Grounds, called by the Names of the Far Doles in Far jvype, Little Oideameere, The Turves, and Eastrey Fen, containing by Estimation two thousand Acres, bathe same more or less, and bounded as follows; to wit, By bevill's River from Angle Corner (excluding the River Sink from Angle Corner to Angle Bridge) to shaw's Dyke, and by shaiv's Dyke to Whittlesey Dyke, and by I'vhitilefey Dyke to Angle Bridge (excluding the said Bridge) do constitute the fourth Division; all those Fen Lands and Low Grounds called Glajfmoorc, containing by Estimation five thousand Acres, be the same more or less, and bounded as follows; to wit, From Angle Bridge by Whittlesey Dyke to a Dyke dividing the Lands in the Occupation of Peter Huffield and Lands of George ivation from the Lands of John Stona the Elder; from the Lands of the said John Stona the Elder along the said Lands by the said Dyke to the South Side of a Droveway called forth's Drove; and along the said Drove West, to the West Side of a Dyke dividing the Lands of Henry Coventry Esquire, and David Searle (and excluding the said Henry coventry's Lands) and along the said Lands of the said David Searle by the said Dyke to the South End o! a Drove called Roger s Drove; and along the said Drove West to the West Side of a Dyke dividing other Lands of the said Henry Coventry from Lands belonging to the said Town of Whittlesey (but excluding the said Henry coventry's Lands) and along the said Lands belonging to the said Town of jj/hittlefey by the said Dyke to Lands of Thomas Ground; and along the said Lands by the said Dyke to the South Side of Bemviek Drove; and along the said Drove West to the East End of fourteen Acres of John Dawkhigs; and from the said fourteen Acres to the Land of John Laxon Esquire, Francis Ibhertfon, and James Whittome (including the same Lands) to a Droveway called Angle Bridge Drove; and along the said Drove a Dyke dividing the Lands of Samuel Hawkins from Ram fey Lot Drove; along the said Lands of Samuel Hawkins by the same Dyke to Lands of Richard Speechly;

along the said Lands by the same Dyke to the Lands of Thomas Beaver; and along the said Lands of Though mas Beaver by the same Dyke to Eight Acres of the Earl jvaldgrave; and along the said Eight Acres to a 4 Dyke dividing the same from the Lands of Couljon Fellowes Esquire, (excluding the said Lands of the said Goujon Fellowes) and from the said Eight Acres by the same Dyke to a Stow or Gapstead of the said Earl jvaldgrave; and from the said Stow or Gapstead along other Lands of the said Earl by the said Dyke to the Lands of William Plummer; and along the said Lands of the said ivullam Plummer by the same Dyke to Lands of the Earl of Lincoln; and by the same Dyke to Delph Dyke otherwise Sword Dyke; and by Sword Dyke to bevill's River at pond's Bridge, and by bevill's River to Whittlesey Dyke at Angle Corner;

and from Angle Corner by Whittlesey Dyke to Angle Bridge aforesaid; constitute the fifth Division: 4 whereas the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds do naturally produce great Quantities of Corn and Grain,

and also Forage for Cattle, to the great Benefit of the Owners thereof, and the Advantage of the Public;

but by reason of their flat Situation, and the defe£l of their Outfalls to the Sea, the same are liable to be f overthrown, and covered with Water, and cannot be drained, and kept dry, unless some Powers and Provisions be made and given for that Purpose, by Authority of Parliament Wherefore to the End and Intent that the said Lands and Grounds may be more effectually drained, and preserved for the future, for the Benefit of the Proprietors thereof, and of the Public; May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, (Ac.

Commissioners for the several Divisions empowered to make Works for draining the Lands. Justices to determine Differences. Commissioners to meet twice a Year, to make Orders for draining the Grounds. 41 No new Cut to be made in any whole Lands for conveying the Water from any Mill. Commissioners im powered to appoint Officers. Commissioners empowered to make a yearly acre rate, viz. For King's 44 Delph, being the first Division, not exceeding 5 s.per Acre, in the first Year and 2 s. an Acre in any other Year; for the other Divisions, 2 s. 6 d. an Acre in the first Year and is. 6d. in any other Year. 44 On Default of Payment, the Rates to be levied by Distress and Sale. Tenants to pay the Rates, and deduifi: the same out of the Rents. Power of distraining on Lands unoccupied. Upon Death, (Ae. of Commissioners, others to be chosen. 100l. Penalty on wilful damaging, &c. the Works. To be levied by Distress and Sale. For want of Distress, the Person to be committed. Persons convicted of setting Fire to, or destroying any of the Works, to be transported as Felons. Commissioners and Land Owners to adjust the Accounts yearly. In case of Disagreement two Justices to determine the Difference. 10 s. "Penalty on making Watering Places for Cattle in the mill drains. The Droveway and Outring Dikes to be kept of a sufficient Depth, and9Feet broad, and well roaded, &c. The Homage Jury to be Commissioner for draining the common field Lauds; and for making an annual Rate, and appointing Offi cers. The Rights of the Governor, &c. of Bedford Level, referred. Powers of the Commissioners not to extend to certain Lands. Five Commissioners to determine Disputes about what Lands are liable to be charged, "

A.D. 1749. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 20, zi. £3?

V '

ti

CAP. XX.

An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for the better preserving the Navigation of the Rivers Avon and J Froome; and for cleansing, paving and enlightening the Streets of the City of Bristol, so far as the same Act relates to the paving and enlightening the said Streets; and for the regulating Hackney Coachmen, Halliers, Draymen and Carters, and the Markets, and Seilers of Hay and Straw, within the said City and Liberties thereof. 'PR.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty' ti & 1? y

King William the Third, (entitled, An An far the better prefer ving the Navigation of the Rivert C 23.

Avon and Froome; and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening the Streets of the City of Bristol) Provifron was made for the enlightening the Streets of the City of Bristol in Manner therein mentioned; but which hath, in many Instances, been found insufficient to answer the good Purposes intended by the said Act;

and more particularly for want of a sufficient Power being vested in the Justices of the Peace in their General Quarter sessions to order and oblige the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Precincts within the said City, to make use of public Lamps within their respective Parishes and Precincts, and to order the Number of such Lamps; and also for want of ascertaining a due Length of Time, during which such shall be kept burning: And for want of erecting and maintaining a competent Number of such Lamps, the Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City areexposed to the Danger of Fires, mur ders. Burglaries, Robberies, and many other Outrages and Inconveniences; and the enlightening of the said Streets is greatly hindered and obstructed by Signs, which are hung out before the Houses of several and which obscure the same For Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, fsv.

"The Mayor and Justices to order the Number and Fashion of the Lamps. Power given for contrasting "the erecting of the Lamps; and for lighting and trimming the m. Contrast to be made but for r Year,

"and not to exceed the Sum rated. Parish Officers excluded from being interested in any Contrast. Parish "Officers to meet yearly. Rates to be made, and Collectors to be appointed. Justices to confirm the Rates. t Collectors to make Payment to the Surveyors. Persons aggrieved may appeal. Collectors becoming insolvent, the Rates to be re assessed. Collectors and Surveyors to account yearly, &c. on pain of com e mitment. Alderman of the Castle Precincts to give Notice to the Guardians, &c. of the Poor, to meet £{ in February yearly. 401-. Penalty on Persons breaking or extinguishing the Lamps. Mayor and Justices "hear Offences. For want of Distress, the Party to be committed. Persons aggrieved may appeal to "the Quarter sessions. Clauses in 11 & iz W. III relating to the enlightening the Streets repealed. The Mayor and Justices to make Orders concerning the Pavement. Surveyors of the Highways to have the £' Charge of paving. Rates to be made for paving. Water falling from the Tops of Houses to be conveyed "by Pipes on the Sides or Fronts. Carriages used within the City to be drawn by 3 Horses only; the "Wheels not to be bound with Iron Streaks of less Breadth than six Inches. The Mayor and Aldermen,

"(Ac. to make Rules for regulating Hackney Coachmen, &c. The Mayor and Common Council to make "Orders for regulating the new Market. Hay and Straw brought for Sale into Bristol to be made up into "Taffies. trustes of Hay to weigh 56 lb. and of Straw 7 lb. None to gain a Settlement by paying of "theft Rates."

CAP. XXI.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for raising and establishing a Fund for a Provison for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church cf Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Majids of the Universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow, and Edinburgh.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, i7geo, ici An Act for raising and establishing a Fund for a Provison for the Ifldows and childi cn of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Masters of the Universities of Saint Andrews,

Glasgow, and Edinburgh; it was, among other Things, enacted, That every Minister who should be ordained and admitted to a Benefice in the Church of Scotland, and every Person who should be admitted as. Head, Principal, or Master, in any of the three Universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow, and Edinburgh, after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty four, should he subject the annual Rate of two Pounds twelve Shillings and sixpence, or of three Pounds eighteen Shillings and nine Pence, or of five Pounds five Shillings, or of six Pounds eleven Shillings and threepence, of lawful Money of Great Britain, at his Option; and should, at the Term of Candlemas next after Admii lion to, or Enjoyment of his Benefice or Salary for one whole Year, make Payment of one year's Rate

in case he, at such Term of Candlemas, had been admitted to, or enjoyed his said Benefice or Salary only for one Half Year, he should only be liable to the Payment of half of the said yearly Rate, and to the full year's Rate at each Term of Candlemas next thereafter, during his Life; and every Minister, Plead,

Principal or Master as aforesaid, was required to make his Election of one of the said fouryeany Rates, on 1 or before the full Term of Candlemas after he {hotild have Right to one Half year's Benefice or Salary, or before the Terin of Candlemas next after having had R ight for one Year and Half to any Benefice fitunte in Vo 1. VII T < tyre

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

the Western or Northern Hies of Scotland; and in Default thereof he was to be subject to the annua] Rate of three Pounds eighteen Shillings and nine Pence, during Life; and every Minister, Head, Principal or 'Mailer inti tied to a Benefice or office as aforesaid, and every Minister in the Weilern and Northern lfles of Scotland, before the twenty-fifth of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, was to give Notice. within six Months, or eighteen Months respectively, that he would not be subject to any of the yearly Rates before mentioned, or would subject himself to one or other of them, declaring which of them he chose to be subject to; 'and in Default of giving such Notice respectively, was to be liable to the annual Rate of three Pounds eighteen Shillings and nine Pence: And the said Act likewise ascertained what Proportion of the said Rates should he paid respectively by Ministers, Heads, Principals or Mailers, who at their Deaths, had only Right to one Half of the Benefice or Salary of that Year and by their Heirs and; Executors, and by those who had Right to the Ann; and what other Rates and Sums should be paid by every Minister, Head, Principal or Mailer, for the first Year and upon the Marriage of Ministers, Heads, Principals or Mailers, ordained or admitted Ailiilants and Successors to those having Right to a Benefice oc Salary; and upon the first and every succeeding Marriage of every Minister, Plead, Principal or Mailer, admitted as well after as before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, to his Benefice or Office: And every Minister, Head, Principal or Mailer aforesaid, neglecting to pay the annual or other Rates due at the Times appointed, was to be subject to lawful Intereil from the respective Times of Payment: And every Benefice and every Office as aforesaid, vacant before the twenty L fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, was to be subject to the Sum of five Pounds; and vacant on or after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, to two Pounds ten Shillings, for every Half Year the Vacancy should continue: And it was further enabled. That out of the aforesaid annual Rates and other Sums, there should be paid, by Order and Direction of Trustees therein after named, ' a Sum not exceeding two hundred and ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, yearly, for the Sa ' laries of a General Collector or Receiver, and a Clerk; and that the Remainder of the said several Sums should be applied to the Payment of 'an Annuity of ten Pounds, or fifteen Pounds, or twenty Pounds, or twenty-five Pounds respectively, to the Widow of every Minister, Head, Principal or Mailer, who had been subject to the annual Rates of two Pounds twelve Shillings and sixpence, or three Pounds eighteen e Shillings and nine Pence, 'or five Pounds five Shillings, or six Pounds eleven Shillings and threepence re speblively, to commence from the first Term of whitsunday or Martinmas, which should be one full Half Year after the husband's Death; and if no Widow was left, but one or more Children, such Child or Children was to be entitled to a Sum equal to ten Years Annuity that would have been payable to their father's Widow; and if the Widow died, or was married before the Lapse of ten Years after the Commencement of her Annuity, and whose Husband left a Child or Children, who, at her Death or Marriage,

should be under the Age of sixteen Years, such Child or Children was to be entitled to a Sum equal to ten Years of the said widow's Annuity, deducting so much thereof as had been then received by the Widow: 6 And it was further enabled, That the Surplus of the annual Rates and Sums after Payment of the annual Expense of Management, and of the said Annuities and other Provisions, should, at "the Term of Whit sunday yearly, be lent out to Ministers, Heads, Principals and Mailers, subject to annual Rates as aforesaid, to the Amount of thirty Pounds to each (every of whom was thereby obliged to receive the same) ' which was to be repaid with Intereil, at the Time that he ceased to have Right to his Benefice or Office: And it was thereby further enacted, That all future Surplusses, over and above the Sums solent as aforesaid, Should, from time to time, be lent out at an Intereil not under four Pounds per Centum per Annum, ' until a Capital was made of thirty-five thousand Pounds; and the Surplus arising above the said Capital,

was to be divided proportionally amongst the Children of Ministers, Heads, Principals and Mailers, who, ' in respect of the Death of their Father, or the Death or Marriage of his Widow within that Year, should be then entitled to receive their Provisions: diverse Provisions were enabled to prevent any Diminution < of, or Encroachment upon, the said Capital: And Trustees were nominated for levying, receiving, and

issuing the respective annual Sums payable by virtue of the said Abl for the Purposes therein expressed, and for lending out the Surplus in Manner therein directed, and for raising the aforesaid Capital of thirty-five k thousand Pounds by Loans at Intereil, and for uplifting the said Capital in the Whole or in Part, and reemploying the same; and they were to meet in the Old Church Ille at Edinburgh, and were to have four Hated regular Meetings yearly; and a General Collector or Receiver of the aforesaid annual or other Rates

was to be appointed, who was to have full Power to carry on all Suits and Actions for Recovery thereof; and was empowered to use all Diligence for securing all and every the aforesaid Sums; the Expense whereof was to be recovered out of the respective Debtors dilates, without any Abatement or Mitigation; and in

Expenses of the said Trustees were not to exceed, in any one Year, the Sum of forty Pounds

And whereas Inconveniencies and Difficulties have arisen in the Execution of the said Abl, by reason that the Ministers, Heads, Principals and Mailers, ordained or admitted after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, are allowed to withhold their Declarations touching their Eleblion of their annual Rates, folate in the Year as Candlemas; and the Collector General cannot ef feblually levy and bring in the said Rates, and other Sums, under his Management, between the Terms

appointed for the Payment and Distribution thereof, by the Means of an ordinary Ablion against the Dc ' ficients; and the Expense of such Ablion becomes very heavy upon the deficient Minister, Head, Principal or Mailer: And whereas the Number of Benefices and Offices in Scotland, subjected to the said Rates,

have been found to be considerably less, and the Number of Widows and Children to be provided for considerably greater than was supposed in the Computation, upon which the Proportion between the an

Furies and the Annuities and Provisions mentioned in the said recited Act was fixed; and the Annuities and Provisions already become payable to the Widows and Children of Ministers, Heads, Principals and Mailers deceased, and those which may become due for several succeeding Years, will, in all Probability, very much exceed what they were computed at 5 and the said deceased Ministers, Heads, Principals

A.D. 174, 9. Anno vicesimo fecund o Gsough I]

C 21,

j39

5 pah and Matters, have contributed very little to the Fund established by the said Act; and there Is great

Reason to apprehend, that the annual Surpluses; in the early Years of Collection of the Plates and Sums

aforesaid, will not raise the intended Capital, and that the said Fund, if raised, will not be sufficient for answering the Design of the said Act; by reason whereof, the Widows and Children of those Ministers,

Heads, Principals and Matters, who shall have contributed most to the raising of the said Fund, will be deprived of a great Part of the Annuities and Provisions due to them, unless some Deduction shall be made from the Annuity granted to the Widow, or the Provision made for the Child or Children of each Minister, Head, Principal or Matter, who shall not have contributed to the Fund a Sum equal to three

Years Amount of the Annuity correspondent to his annual Rate, and unless a Sum be allowed annually for increasing the capital Fund to a greater Amount than is allowed by the said recited Act: And whereas also it is equitable and just, that the Widows, as well as Children of Contributors to the said capital Fund, should have a Share of any Benefit which may casually arise from the surplutt es thereof, after such Capital shall be made uptherefore, and for removing the Doubts and Difficulties aforesaid, touching the Execution of the said recited Act, and for preserving a just and equal Proportion, as much as is possible, between the Contributions made to the said Fund by any Minister, Head, Principal or Matter, and the Sums to be drawn out of the same by his Widow and Children, and between the Widows and Children of such Contributors; your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the trustees named and appointed in and by the said recited Act for putting the same in Execution, as specially warranted and authorised to that effect by the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, held in the Month of May last, do most humbly beseech your majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, every Minister who shall be ordained and admitted to a Benefice in the church of Scotland, and every Person who shall be admitted as Head, Principal or Matter, iti any of the Universities of Saint Atidmvs, Glasgow and Edinburgh, shall make his Election to which of the four yearly Rates mentioned in the said recited Act he chooses to be subjected, during his Life, in Manner therein directed, within the Times respectively after mentioned; that is to say, Every Minister having a Benefice in the Western or Northern Isles of Scotland, on or before the fifteenth Day of January, that shall first happen after such Minister shall have had Right to his Benefice for a Year and half; and every other Minister aforesaid of the Church of Scotland, cn or before the fifteenth Day of January, that shall first happen after such Minister shall have had Right to his Benefice for one half Year and every Head, Principal or other Master aforesaid, of any of the said three Universities, on or before the fifteenth Day of January, that shall first happen after he hath held his Office for four Calendar Months; and every respective Minister, Head, Principal or Master, neglecting to notify his Election in the Form and Manner prescribed by the said recited Act, within the respective Times herein before limited, shall be deemed and held to have made his Election of the annual Rate of three Pounds eighteen Shillings and nine Pence, and shall be liable to the said Rate accordingly, during his Life.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful for the Lords of council.and Session in Scotland, or any one of them, to issue Letters of Horning, at the Inttance of the General Collector or Receiver for the time being, of the annual Rates or other Sums imposed by the said recited Act, against all and every the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and Heads, Principals and Matters in the Universities, subject or liable to the same, for compelling Payment of their annual or other Rates or Sums, Principal or Interest, to the Payment of which they or any of them are or may be liable by virtue of the said recited Act; and that the said Letters of Horning shall be executed, and other Proceedings ilrall be had thereon, in the same Form and Manner as is now in Ule, and authorised by Law, with respect to Hornings at the Instance of the Ministers of the said Church of Scotland, for compelling Payment of their Stipends; and that no Suspension of any Charge to be given in virtue of such Letters of Horning, shall be pafi without Consignation of the Sum charged for, as is also in Use, and authorised by Law in the aforesaid Case; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the true ftees for the time being, executing the said Act, and they are hereby required to flop and deduct the one Half of every Annuity which shall become payable for the first Time, at the Term of whitsunday one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, or at any Term of whitsunday thereafter, to the Widow of every Minister of the Church of Scotland, and of every Head, Principal or Master, in any of the three Universities abovementioned, subject and liable to the annual Rates aforesaid, who shall not have paid, during the Time of and by his being a Contributor to the said Fund, a Sum equal to three Years Amount of the Annuity correspondent to his annual Rate, and the like at every Proceeding Term of whitsunday, during the Life of such Widow, until either file shall pay into the Fund, or until such Stoppages and Deductions shall amount to as much, as together with the Sums paid by her Plufbaiid (without computing any Interest thereon) shall make up or be equal to three Years of her Annuity; and that It shall and may be lawful for the Trustees aforesaid, and they are hereby required to stop and detain out of the Sum or Provision which shall become payable, at the said Term of whitsunday one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, or at any Term of whitsunday thereafter, to the Child or Children of every Minister, Head, Principal or Master, subject and liable to the annual Rates aforesaid, who shall not have paid a Sum equal to the Amount of three Years Annuity corresponding to his annual Rate, so much as, together wirh the Sums paid by him, or that may have been deducted from his Widow (without computing Interest thereon) shall make up or be equal to three Years of the said corresponding Annuity; and the widows or Children aforesaid shall only be entitled, in the respective Cases and Events aforesaid, to the Remainder; after the said respective Stoppages or Deductions of Annuities or Sums provided to them severally by the said recited Act; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

- 'and

Beneficed mir.? iters and Heads of the universities to choose \yithin a certain Time; to which of the yearly Rates they will, be subject.

The Lords of Session, upon Application, to issue Letters of Homing forfay ment of the Rates.

Methods of cxe< cuting the Letters.

Trustees to flop one Half of every Annuity where the Contributor, C shall not have paid to the Fund a 'ium equal to 3 Years Amount of such Annuity, ct

z

149 C 21.

Anno vicesimo see undo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

Certain Sums to be applied yearly for raising a Fund of 30 b in the Hands of every Minister, and the Heads of the unive^/ities

and a Capital of ro.coo I. to be

int out as di by iccited

Act.

1 I

Surplus of the annual Produce how to be applied.

Efficiencies of the Surplus for Payment of the Annuities how to be made good.

Capital Fund not to exceed 50, 0001. over and above 30 1. to be lent to each Minister, See.

Application of the Surplus.

Regulations touching the Management of the Capital,

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees named in or appointed by the said recited Act, and acting for the time being in the Execution thereof, shall order and direct, and take Care, that the Sums after mentioned shall be applied, from Year to Year, out of the first and readiest.of the whole Produce, in virtue of the aforesaid recited Act, after defraying the annual Expense of Management (as settled and limited by the said recited Act and this present Act) for and towards raising and securing a Stock or Fund to the Extent of thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Gr'cnt Britain, to and in the Hands of each Minister in the Church of Scotland, and each Head, Principal or Matter, in the said universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow and Edinburgh, who shall have become subject to one or other of the annual Rates abovementioned; and a further Sum of fifty thousand Pounds like Money, of Capital, by their lending or caufingtobe lent out of the after mentioned Sums annually, in the Manner prescribed in and by the said Act; that is to say, Three thousand Pounds shall be so applied at the Term of Whitsunday in each of the Years, from one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, to one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, 'both inclusive; two thousand Pounds at the Term of Whitsunday in each of the Years, from one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three to one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, both inclusive; one thousand Pounds at the Term of Whitsunday in each of the Years, from one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven to one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, both inclusive; four hundred Pounds at the Term of Whitsunday in each of the Years, from one thousand seven hundred and sixty four to one thousand seven hundred and seventy, both inclusive; two hundred Pounds at the Term of Whitsunday in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy one; and at the Term of Whitsunday in each Year thereafter, until each Minister, Head, Principal or Master, subject to one or other of the annual Rates aforesaid, shall have received thirty Pounds in Loan; and likewise until the said further Sum or Capital of fifty thousand Pounds shall have been made up.

V. And be it further enacted, That if the annual Produce aforesaid, in any one Year, computed from Martinmas to Martinmas, hall exceed the Charges of Management, and the Sums hereby ordered to be applied for raising the Stock, and the Annuities due to the Widows, and Provisions due to the Children for that Year and the Arrears of the Annuities and Provisions for former Years herein after mentioned (if any such were) such Excess or Surplus shall be applied to the Purpose aforesaid, of raising the Capital Stock or Fund, by lending out the same along with the Sums herein before appointed to be lent out for such respective Year.

VI. Provided always, and it is enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That although the annual Surplus aforesaid, for any one Year, computed from Martinmas to Martinmas, after Payment of the Charges of Management, and of the Sum hereby appointed to be applied for raising of the Stock or Capital Fund for that Year, shall not be sufficient to pay the whole Annuities to Widows, and Provisions to Children, payable for that Year, in virtue of the said recited Act, and of this present Act, yet no Encroachment shall on that Account be made upon the Capital, so far as then raised; shall the farther raising thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, he thereby stopped or retarded, but such Deficiency or short comifig shall first affect the Childrens Provisions proportionably, and then the Annuities of all the Widows entitled proportionably, without Regard to the Order of Time in which those Provisions or Annuities become due; and the same shall again be made good to them out of the Surplus of the Produce, computed as aforesaid, for the succeeding Year or Years, in this Order, viz. After Payment of the Expense of Management, and of the Sum to be applied for raising the Stock as aforesaid, the Widows Annuities unpaid in the preceding Year, shall be paid and made good in the first Place; and then the Widows Annuities of the current Year and after the said Annuities, the Childrens Provisions of the former Year or Years, according to the Order of Time in which they become due to them, as aforesaid; lastly, the Childrens Provisions for the current Year.

VII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That the Capital Fund or Stock to be settled and secured' as aforesaid, shall at no Time exceed the foresaid Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, over and above the Sum of thirty Pounds lent to each Minister, Head, Principal or Master as aforesaid; that after such Capital shall be raised, the Surplus of the annual Income, under the Management of the Trustees aforesaid, arising in any one Year, computed from Martinmas to Martinmas, after Payment of all the Burdens of that Year, including the Arrears of former Years aforesaid (if any be) shall, at the Whitsunday when such Surplus arises, be distributed to, and divided amongst, all the Widows then entitled to Annuities, and all the Children then entitled to receive Provisions; so as that each Widow and each Child, hall receive a proportionable Share of such Surplus, correspondent to the Extent of the annual Rates of their deceased husbands. or Fathers.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that all and every other Regulation, enacted by the said recited Act of the seventeenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, touching the Securing and Management of the Capital Stock therein mentioned, and for making up any accidental Diminution of, or preventing any Encroachment upon the same, after it shall be made up, in Whole or in Part, shall subsist, take Place and be in Force, with Regard to the Capital Stock hereby permitted to be raised, when it shall be so raised in Whole or in Part, in the same Manner as if every one of the said Regulations had been herein repeated and re enacted.

IX. And whereas the Old Church Isle of Edinburgh was found to be a Place so inconvenient for the Meeting of the Trustees appointed to execute the said recited Act of Parliament, that soon after their en tering on the Execution thereof, they were obliged to build, and did cause to be built, a House within the City of Edinburgh, containing a Hall for their Meetings, and Offices for their Collector and Clerk, and a Charter Room for the Preservation of their Books and Papers, a great Part of the Expense of which

Building remains yet unpaid: And whereas Doubts have been raised, whether the said Trustees can le

hold any of the four Quarterly Meetings appointed by the said recited Act, in the said Hall; and whether the Debt incurred by the said Building, and the Expense of keeping it in Repair, be such necessary

A.D. 1749. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II.

C 22.

141

the

by

incidental Expenses as fall within the intendment of one of the Clauses herein before recited; 'Be it

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifteenth Day of May one thousand Trusteestohoia seven hundred and forty-nine, the Trustees named and appointed by the said recited Act of the seventeenth their annual Year of his Majesty's Reign, and their Successors, shall hold the four stated regular Meetings yearly, ap Jf'"? '1' pointed to be held by the said Act, upon the Days therein mentioned, in the Hall of the House aforesaid, th e. u11 built by the said Trustees within the City of Edinburgh, and that they may and shall do and aft at such '

Meetings, in the same Manner as they might and ought to have done in the Old Church Ifie of Edinburgh;

and that the remaining Debt incurred by the said Trustees for building the said House, and the Expense in and to pay the keeping the same in Repair, shall be held and deemed to be, and make a Part of the necessary incidental Debt incurred Expenses of the said Trustees provided, for by the said recited Act, and shall be paid by the General Col for building. Jeftor or Receiver of the annual Rates, and other Sums raised or to be raised in virtue thereof, and shall be allowed to him out of the annual Receipts; provided the same, and all the other incidental Expenses pro incidental ex vided for by the said Act, do not, in any one Year, exceed the Sum of forty Pounds of lawful Money of pences not to Great Britain. exceed 401. per

X. And whereas the Ministers, Heads, Principals or Masters, who were in the said Church, or any of Annum'

the said Universities, at the Commencement of the said in Part recited Act, will purchase the Annuities to their Widows, and Provisions to their Children, at less Expense than future Intrants, having held their

Benefices and Offices for a considerable Time, without the Burden of the present annual Rates; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Minister, and every such Head, Principal or Ministers, e. Master, shall, at the Term of.candlemas, in each of the Years of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and who were in the fifty, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, one thousand chomi, cat seven hundred and fifty-three, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and one thousand seven hundred, intotheaa and fifty-five, according to the Computation in Scotland, pay to the General Collector, at his Office in Edin to pay interest of burgh, legal Interest of the thirty Pounds lent, or that shall be lent to him; and the Produce arising from 30l. for Years., the Difference betwixt the legal Interest and the four Pounds per Centum, now payable on Account of the Application of Loans of thirty Pounds lent to the Contributors, shall be applied at the Sight, and by Direction of the the inrerefts. Trustees for defraying the Expense incurred in obtaining this present Act of Parliament, and for paying

whatever Sums shall, on the fifteenth of May one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, be resting of the Charge incurred by building the House within the City of Edinburgh, containing a Hall for the Meetings of the Trustees, Offices for their Collectors and Clerks, and a Charter Room for the Preservation of their Books and Papers; and the Surplus thereof shall go towards increasing the said Capital; and that the said additional Interests shall not be computed as any Part of the three Years Annuity, which every"contributor is hereby obliged to make good to the Fund in the Manner already directed.

XI. And whereas by the said in Part recited Act of the seventeenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, It

was further enacted, That if the University of Aberdeen, or any of the Colleges therein, should apply to the then next General act embly of the Church of Scotland, declaring, that they desired to be compre hended in that Act, the Heads, Principals and Masters in the said University of Aberdeen, or in either

of the Colleges of the said University, should be comprehended in that Act, and should be subject to the annual Rates and other Burdens thereby imposed; they, and their Widows and Children respectively, should be entitled to the Privileges and Provisions therein contained, in like Manner, in all Re

as with respect to the Heads, Principals and Masters in the Universities of Saint Andrews and

Glasgow, was therein before enacted: whereas Applications were accordingly made by the King's College of Aberdeen, and by the Mareshall College of Aberdeen, to the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, which was held at Edinburgh in the Month of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, by which the said Colleges respectively declared, that they desired to be comprehend

in the said Act; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Heads; Princi The Heads, tie. pals and Masters in the said University of Aberdeen, or in the King's College and Mareshall College of Aber of the university. Seen, shall be comprehended in this present Act, and he deemed to have been comprehended in the said in of Aberdeen, Part recited Act, and shall be subject to the annual Rates and other Burdens thereby or by this Act imposed;

and their Widows and Children respectively shall be entitled to the Privileges and Provisions therein con '"cited Act' C tained, subject to the Variations by this Act provided, in like Manner in all Respects, as, with respect to the Heads, Principals and Masters in the Universities of Saint Andrews and Glasgow, was by the said in Part recited Act, and is herein before enacted.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That this Act shall he deemed and taken to be a Puli public Act, lick Act; and all Judges, Justices and other Persons, are to take Notice thereof as such. in all Courts and Places whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the better ascertaining, recovering and collecting certain Duties commonly called: Petty Customs or Wharfage, payable upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes into, or out of the Harbour of the Borough and Town of Waymouth and Melcombe Regis in the County of Dorset; and also of Ballast and harbour duties payable in respect of Ships and Vessels coming into, and going out of the said Harbour, and for the better repairing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour and the Wharves, and other public; Buildings and Works within the said Borough and Town.

PR.

WHEREAS the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, Burgesses and Commonalty of the Borough and Town of Waymouth and Melcombe Regis in the County of Dorset, have for. Time out of Mind, received

4-2

C 12

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

and been entitled to receive certain Duties called Petty Customs or Wharfage, upon the Imports

tion and Exportation of all Goods and Merchandizes into and out of the Harbour of fvaymiuth and, r 4 comb Regis aforesaid, from the Owner, Importer or Exporter of such Goods and Merchandizes, and also certain other Duties there called harbour dues and ballast duty, from the Mailers or Commanders of Ships and vessels; and which said several Dues and Duties have been constantly under the Management of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs and Capital or Principal burgesses of the said Borough and Town, as Trustees and Managers; and have been applied for the repairing the said Harbour, Quays and Wharves, ' and other public Buildings and Works within the said Borough and Town: And whereas of late Years several Persons have refused to pay the said Duties, and have been induced thereto by means of the great Difficulties in supporting, by ffcri«£t legal Evidence, prescriptive Claims and Rights to Duties on each particular Species of Goods, and the exact and precise Sums payable for the same; and although the said Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, burgesses and Commonalty, in order to support their Right to the same, 6 have brought several Actions and obtained Verdicts of Damages, by which such their Right in General hath been established; yet by means of the Expenses in carrying on such Suits, and the many continued Evasions and Refusals of Payment, the Fund for the repairing the said Harbour, Quays and Wharves, and other publick Buildings and Works, hath been considerably lessened, and the said Wharves, Quays and other Buildings and Works are now in a ruinous Condition, and will be entirely destroyed if not timely prevented; 'for Remedy whereof, Be it enacted, C "

"shall! be paid to the Mayor, cof jvaymov.th and Melcombe Regis, for all Goods imported and ex "and for all Ships coming into the Harbour, the Duties, specified in the Schedules annexed. Col "quay matter and Treasurer to be appointed; with Salaries not exceeding zs. in the Pound of the "Money received. The Accounts to be audited every Year. Accounts may be inspected by the Inhabi 4' tants, and Copies taken. Mailer of Ship to deliver to the Collector his "Wharfage Bill, on Penalty of " /. quay mailer to appoint Stations for the Ships. Matters of Vessels not complying, to forfeit 40;. "Damage done by Vessels to tyre Bridge, Wharves or Quays, to be ascertained upon Oath of 3 Persons "nonpayment, the Sum to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Vessel. Persons throwing Ballast "the Harbour, to be fined for a public Nuisance."

Petty Customs or wharfage duties.

44 TOR every Chaldron of Coals, or Goods paying Duty by the Chaldron, 2 d. For every Tonne of jft Tobacco Pipe Clay, Bushel Iron and Stone, 3 d. For every Tonne of Salt, and other Goods, paying "Duty or Freight by the Tonne, 6d. For every Load of Fir Timber, 3 d Load of Walnut, Mahogany "and Plank, 1 s; Load of Oak or other Timber, Trenals, Hoops, C 4.</; Hundred of Spars and Users, 44 4 d hundred of Wainscot Boards, twelve Feet in Length and one Inch thick, and foin Proportion, if; 44 hundred of double Deals, 9d hundred of single Deals, 6d; hundred of Pipe Staves, 2 d; hundred of "Hogshead Staves, 3 Halfpence; hundred of Barrel Staves, 1 d Bushel of Clover Seed, halfpenny; 44 Quarter of Malt, Barley and Oats, 1 d; Quarter of Wheat and other Grains and Seeds, 3 halfpence; 44 Load of Flour, 10d; Load of Bran, 3 d. Hogshead of Beer, Cyder and Vinegar, 3 halfpence; Hog "of Brandy, and other Spirituous Liquors, d Hogshead of Wine, Oil or other Liquors, 3 d t 44 Hogsheaf of Molalfes (containing one hundred Gallons) and of Fullers Earth and Whiting, 6d, hog ft head of Tobacco, 8 d Butt of Currans and Hogshead of Sugar, and other Dry Goods, 1 r; Tierce of Sugar or Dry Goods, 8 d Barrel of Pitch or Tar, 1 d, Barrel of Groceries or other Goods, 2 d. For*"every Crate, Hamper and Chest of Glass, and fine Earthen Ware, and for every Load of coarse Earthen "Ware, 4d. forlinnenor Woollen, 2 d. per hundred "Weight. For every hundred Weight of Rice, 44 Logwood, Alum, Shot, Cordage, Hemp and Flax, 3 Farthings. For every hundred "Weight of Raisins, 44 Prunes and Figs, 1 d. For every hundred of Spices and other Goods, paying Duty or Freight by the hundred, 2 CL For every Chdt of Oranges or Lemons, done hundred Feet of Paving Stone, d 'c thousand of Tiles, Bricks or Clinkers, and Firkin Staves, 3 <7; thousand of Slatts, 3 Fial f pence; Gross of Bottles, 3 d. For Goods not enumerated, one twelfth of the Freight, from London to ji ey mouth."

harbour dues and ballast duties.

4c TOR every british Ship, not belonging to Inhabitants, which shall load or unload in the Harbour, 44 Id 2 s. For every such Ship which shall sail into the Harbour, and neither load nor unload there, 1 s. 6*'. "For every Ship belonging to Inhabitants, which shall load or unload, r r. and foin Proportion to Parts of 41 Ships belonging to Inhabitant;. For every Foreign Ship, which ill all sail into the Harbour, 3 s. For every such Ship which ball load or unload, id. per ton. For every Tonne of Stone taken out of one "Vessel into another in the Harbour, three halfpence. For every Tonne of Ballatt taken out of one Ship 4: into another in the Harbour, iod. For every Tonne of Ballast taken into any Ship from the Quay, 1 s. 44 For every Tonne of Ballast put out of any Ship on the Quay, d. For every orr of Ballast put out of one Ship into another, 2 d. For every Tonne of Ballast taken on Board any Foreign Ship, zs. For every ft Tonne of Ballast put out of such Ship, 'id.'

A.D. 1749. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 23.

Cap. XXIII

An act to charge the Sinking Fund with the Payment of Annuities in Discharge of Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills, 2nd Ordnance Debentures, to the Amount therein mentioned.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS notwithstanding the many and great Supplies granted to your Majesty for carrying on the late War, the following Debts and Deficiencies (amongst others) remain Rill due and unprovided for (that is to say) To discharge the Bills payable in Course of the Navy and Victualling Offices,

and for Transports, which were made out between the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred, and forty feveil, and the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, th

1 Sum of three millions at the leaf!:; and to discharge the Debentures payable out of the Office of Ord ' nance, which were made out on or before the said thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, the Sum of two hundred thirty thousand three hundred eighty-two Pounds five e Shillings and one Penny, amounting together in the Whole to the Sum of three millions two hundred

thirty thousand three hundred eighty-two Pounds five Shillings and one Penny; many of which Debts carry an Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per annumnow we, your majesty's most dutiful and faithful Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being deiirous to do all that becomes dutiful and faithful Subjects to render happy and glorious the Reign of the best of Sovereigns, and having taken into our serious Consideration the said Debts and Deficiencies, and the many ill confe quenees which may arise to the Public thereby (if not timely remedied) and being heartily zealous to preserve the Honour of your Majesty and the Nation, and to establish public Credit, have resolved (in order to make a Provision for the said Debts and Deficiencies, amounting to the said Sum of three millions two hundred thirty thousand three hundred eighty-two Pounds five Shillings and one Penny) to give and grant unto your Majesty such Supply as is hereafter mentioned, for paying an Interest or Annuity, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the said Principal Sum of three millions two hundred thirty thousand three hundred eighty-two Pounds five Shillings and one Penny, in lieu of all other Interest, until the same shall be redeemed and paid off, in Manner hereafter mentioned: And that a good, sure and lading Fund may be settled and established for paying the said Interest or Annuities, after the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, by half yearly Payments, we do give and grant to your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes aforesaid, so much Moneys out of the Surpluses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay the said Annuities, in Manner herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty to accept thereof; and that it may be erradled; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Annuities which by this Act shall be granted and made payable, in respect of the said Principal Sum of three millions two hundred thirty thousand three hundred eighty-two Pounds five Shillings and one Penny, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, in Manner hereafter mentioned, shall, from and after the Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the Moneys which, from and after the said Feast Day, shall from time to time arise, and be remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of or for the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same) and the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, are hereby appropriated for that Purpose accordingly.

II. And whereas it is the true Intent and Meaning of this act, that all the Bills, payable in Course out of his Majesty's Offices of the Navy, or Victualling, or for Transports, which were dated or made out in those Offices on or before the said thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty eight, not exceeding the said Sum of three millions, shall be carried to the Treasury of his Majesty's Na: ' vy, to be marked and certified to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and also that all the Debentures, payable out of his Majesty's Office of Ordnance, which were dated on or before the said thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, not exceeding the said Sum; e of two hundred thirty thousand three hundred eighty-two Pounds five Shillings and one Penny, shall be 1 carried to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Office of Ordnance, to be certified by him to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and that the Proprietors of such Bills and Debentures shall, in respect of the Principal Sums contained in every such Bill or Debenture, together with the Interest there e upon, computed to the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, be inti tied to an Annuity after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the said Feast 5 of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, payable I C half yearly, and be charged on the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The ' Sinking Fund, and transferrable at the Bank of England, until redeemed by Parliament; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy for the time being, to take in and receive from all and every Person and Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who are or shall be possessed of, interested in, or imitled unto any such Navy, Victualling or Transport Bills, all such Bills as any such Person or Persons shall, on or before the twentieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, deliver to such Treasurer, who is hereby authorised and required to mark and cancel every such Bill, and certify the same to the said Governor

143

Annuities chargeable on the Principal Sum of

3, 130, 382 1. s i d. to be paid out of the Sinking Fund

t1?, iforerr of the Navy and g?inance 'o take in ?.}] Navy, Vittaahinj and Tranlp are Bills, and Ord nance Debenture?, before 20 aril

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II'

£44

and to cancel them, and cer tily the same to the bank.

Navy Bills nr Ordnance Debentures, made out before 31 Dec. 1748, to be delivered to ithe Treasurers within the Time.

Persons delivering such Bills or Debentures, to be intirled to an Annuity of 4 k percent.

Annuities to be payable till redeemed by Parliament,

and to be a per ifunal fate.

Treasurers to give Certificates for the principal Sums con r tained in such Bills or Debentures. with the 3 ntcreft due. Certificates to be assignable, and not chargeable with Stamp Duty.

Interest of the Bills, C carrying Interest, to be computed to 7.5 Match 1749, and to be added to the Principal, Guardians may deliver up fruh Bills or Debentures as Infants ih.ul be entitled tov CC

23.

A.D. 1749.

nor and Company of (ha Bank of England; and that it hail also be lawful for the Treasurer of his Majesty's Office of Ordnance in like Manner to take in all Debentures payable out of the said Office of Ordnance, which shall, on or before the said twentieth Day ol.april one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, he delivered to him, who is hereby also authorised and required to cancel the same, and certify every fuel: Debenture to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England. 1

III. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall be possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto any such Navy, Victualling or Transport Bills, payable in Course, or any such Debentures payable out of the said Office of Ordnance, which were dated or made out in the said respective Offices, on or before the said thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, to deliver such Bill or Bills, Debenture or Debentures, to the respective Treasurers of those Offices, to be marked, cancelled and certified as aforesaid, at any time on or before the said twentieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, at such Place or Places as have or shall be appointed, and of which public Notice hath or shall be given in the London Gazette, and other public Papers for that Purpose

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and Persons, who shall deliver any such Bill or Bills, Debenture or Debentures, to such respective Treasurers as aforesaid, shall, in re speist of the Principal Sum or Sums contained in every such Bill or Bills, Debenture or Debentures, together with the interest due thereupon to the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, be entitled to an Annuity after the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the said Feast Day of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and to be paid and payable to such Person or Persons, or such as he, she or they shall nominate his, her or their Executors, Administrators, successors or Assigns respectively, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, ill Manner herein after directed in that Behalf, which said Annuities shall be paid and payable half yearly, at two of the most usual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year, (that is to say) the Feasts of Saint Michael the Archangel, and the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, the firfh Payment thereof to be due and payable at the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine.

y. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, entitled to any Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or such as he, she or they shall appoint his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators, successors or Assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy such respective Annuity or Annuities, out of the Moneys by this AD appropriated as aforesaid, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf; and that all and every such Person or Persons, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, shall have good, lure, absolute and indefeasible Estates and Interests in the said Annuities, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act i and that all such Estates and Interests of and in the said Annuities, and every of them, shall be, and be adjudged, taken and accepted in construction' of Law, and in all Courts of Law and Equity whatsoever, to be a Personal and not a Real Estate, and shall go to the Executors or Administrators of the Person or Persons dying possessed thereof, interested therein or entitled thereunto, and not to the Heirs of such Person or Persons; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all the said Annuities, and every of them, shall be free from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Treasurers shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, upon any Person or Persons delivering to them any such Bill or Bills, Debenture or Debentures, forthwith to give a Certificate signed by them respectively, for the Principal Sums contained in such Bill or Bills, Debenture or Debentures, together with the Interest thereupon, computed to the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons, or his or her Assigns; and all such Certificates shall be assignable by endorse ments thereupon made at any Time before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and no longer; and all such Certificates and Alignments thereupon shall not be chargeable with any Stamp Duties, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Interest of such of the said Bills and Debentures, by this AD intended to be delivered up (as carry Interest) shall be computed to the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and shall be added to the Principal Sum contained in every such Bill or Debenture, and so much as such Principal and Interest computed as aforesaid shall amount unto, shall be the Principal Sum for which the Person or Persons delivering the lame shall be entitled to an Annuity after the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until Redemption thereof, in Manner hereafter mentioned.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Infants shall by the Gift, Devise or Decease of the Parent or other Relation of such Infants, or otherwise become entitled to any of the said Bills or Debentures intended to be provided for by this AD, in such Case the Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, of such Infant or Infants, shall or may be, and they are hereby impow ered, for the Benefit of such Infant or Infants, to deliver up to such rel pc dive Treasurers, all such of the said Bills or Debentures, to which such Infant or Infants shall be so entitled, and such Infant and Infant?, 1 Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, delivering up such Bills or Debentures, shall be entitled to an Annuity or Annuities after the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, in respect of the Principal Sums contained in such Bill or Bills, Debenture or Debentures so to be delivered up, together with the Interest thereupon, computed to the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, to be paid out of the Moneys by this AD appropriated for that Purpose; and the said Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, shall be discharged from the same; anything herein contained, or any Daw, Usage or Custojn to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

C 23.

14-5

IX. Provided, also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who Executors and as Executor to, or Administrator, Trustee, Committee of an idiot or Lunatic, or Persons of unfound ivudees of ide mind, Depositary or Mortgagee, shall be or become possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto any of the mar fr.id Bills or Debentures intended to be provided for by this Act, shall and may deliver up such Bills or De Ais astiley0 beiitures as they shall be so possessed of, interested in or entitled unto, to such respective Treasurers as afore o, dl be po&ittd laid; and as to Executors or Administrators, the Annuities after the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum of, C per Annum, which they shall be entitled to in respect of the Principal Sums contained in such Bills or Debentures so by them delivered up, together with the Interest thereupon, computed to the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, as aforesaid, shall be the same act ets in their Hands, as the said Bills or Debentures were or would have been, had they not been so delivered up for such Annuity as aforesaid; and as totrustees, Committees, Depositaries and Mortgagees, the Annuity which they shall be entitled unto, for or in respect of such Trust or mortgaged Bills or Debentures, which they shall so deliver up to such respective Treasurers as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the same Trusts and Equity of Redemption, as such Bills or Debentures were or would have been, had they not been so delivered up for such Annuity as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the The Bank to laid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Sticcessors, or such Person or Persons as receivt: t!iecer* they shall appoint for that Purpose, and lie and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to take t" cre'(ht for in and receive all and every the Certificates, to be made out in lieu of the said Bills and Debentures, by the Principal respective Treasurers of his Majesty's Navy and Ordnance as aforesaid, in Pursuance of the Directions of Sums, this Act; and upon the Receipt of every such Certificate shall, and they are hereby required forthwith to give Credit in a Book or Books to be prepared for that Purpose, for the principal Sums contained in every Such Certificate so brought to them as aforesaid; the Person to whose Credit such Principal Sums shall be entered in the said Book or Books, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall and may have Power to assign and transfer die same, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in other Books to be prepared and kept for that Purpose; the Principal Sums so assigned and transferred, shall carry the said Annuity of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be taken and deemed to be Stock transferrable by this Act, according to the Powers and Authorities herein after mentioned, until Redemption thereof as aforesaid; the Eank to tradf said Governor and Company for the time being shall also, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one uer

thousand seven hundred and fifty, transmit an attested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book ' e-xc or Books, first herein after mentioned, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain forever.

XL. And for the more easy and sure Payment of the several Annuities by this Act made payable as aforesaid, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of three millions two hundred thirty thousand three hundred eighty-two Pounds five Shillings and one Penny, It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their successors, shall from time to The Bank to time., until the said Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be redeemed ac employ a ca cording to this Act, appoint and employ one or more sufficient Persons within their Office in the City of London, to be their chief or first Cashier or Cashiers, and one other sufficient Person within the same Office, ncf. to be their Accomptant General; and that so much of the Moneys, from time to time, arising into the said xreasury to or receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the said Surpluses, Exeefies or Overplus Moneys, by this Act appro dev the Moneys

Mated for this Purpose, as shall be sufficient, from time to time, to answer the said Annuities, and other appropriated for 'ayments directed to be made or discharged out of the same, shall, by Order of the Commissioners of the the Annuities, Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Trea tobc F, ad by ft fury of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors for the time being, without any further or other Warrant to be ° mpte '

sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf, from time to time, at the respective half yearly Feast Days, or Days of Payment, in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the said first or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for the time being, by way of Impressed, and upon Account, for the Payment of the said Annuities made payable by this Act as aforesaid, at such Times, and in such Manner and Form, as are by this Act prescribed in that Behalf; and that all and every such Cashier or Cashiers, to Cashier to pay whom the said Moneys shall, from time to time, be issued, shall from time to time, without Delay, apply tllc annuities? and pay the same accordingly, and render his Account thereof according to the due Course of the exche and tue ac

r ' b 7.. n«count to the

quer; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Exchequer.

XII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accomptant General for the time being hall, from Accomptant

time to time, inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the General to i 11-

Vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any Frauds, Negligence or Delay; and that all and every spea tke Rc

Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall be i titled to any of the said Annuities, after the said Rate of c=tts and eay*

four Pounds per Centum per Annum, anti all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof merus"

as of a Personal Eftale, and the same shall not be defccndtble to the Heir, and shall not be liable to any

Foreign Attachment by the Custont of London, or otherwise; any Law, Statute or Custcrn to the cont, ary

notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys intended to be converted Annuities to be into Annuities by virtue of this Act, shall be deemed, reputed and taken to be one Capital or Joint a joint Stock, Stock, on which the said Annuities, after the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be attending; and that all and every Person and Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money which he, she or they shall be entitled to as aforesaid, shall have, and be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock, and in the Annuity attending the same, at" the Rate aforesaid; that riie said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportional An Shares t be

U

nuity

146 C 23.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1

749-

Method of tsussfcning.

nuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferable as this Act directs, and not otherwise; that there fbrdl constantly be kept, at all seasonable Times, in the Office of the said Accomptant General for the time being, within the City of London, a Book or Books, wherein all Alignments or Transfers of the Paid whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered; Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making fuel' Alignments or Transfers; or if such Party bo absent, by his, her or their Attorney or Attorneys thereunto lawfully authorised, by Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses; and that the person or Persons to whom such Transfer shall be made, do underwrite his, her or their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning or transferring the said Stock, and the Annuities attending the same, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good and available in Law; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers, or any of them; any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, (notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of them) shall continue a Corporation with all the Powers, Privileges and Advantages thereunto belonging, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, till all the Annuities to be purchased under this Act shall be redeemed by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf; and the said Governor and Company, or any Members thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no See or Gratuity whatsoever shall be ceiving thesals, demanded or taken for receiving or taking in the said Bills or Debentures, or any of them, or for granting ?ia_nun.8 ?d.rc; u" Certificates in lieu thereof as aforesaid, or for issuing the Moneys for paying the said Annuities, or any of

them; and that no See or Gratuity shall he demanded or taken for any Transfer of any Sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Act, upon Pain that any Officer or Person offending, by talcing or demanding any Fee or Gratuity contrary to this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered with Full Costs of Suit, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the Pligh Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the I reasury for the time being, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised to reward all such Persons as shall be any ways employed in the Execution of this Act, for their Service Pains and Labour; and also to defray such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the same, out of the said Surplusses, Excesscs or Overplus Moneys; and also to appoint such Allowances (out of the said Surplusses, Excesscs or Overplus Moneys) for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving, paying and accounting for the said Annuities made payable by this Act, and also for the Service Pains and Trouble of the Accomptant General of the said Governor and Company, for performing the Duty and Trust incumbent on him by this Act, as they shall think just and reasonable; all which Allowances hereby empowered to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the Service, Pains and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their dif poftl only; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time, upon one year's Notice, to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange of London,

by Authority of Parliament, at any of the half yearly Feast Days for Payment of the said Annuities: and upon Repayment by Parliament of the principal Sum of three millions two hundred thirty thousand three hundred eighty-two Pounds five Shillings and one Penny (by Payments not being less than five hundred thousand Pounds at a Time for which the said Annuities are payable to such respective Persons or Corporations as shall be entitled to the same Annuities; and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the same Annuities, then, and not till then, the said respective Annuities, or a proportional Part thereof, shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and from and after such Redemption, the Moneys arising from the said Surplusses, Excesscs and Overplus Moneys, by this Act granted as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use or Purpose, but as shall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, signified by the Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed at the Royal Exchange of London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested or prosecuted for anything done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, or of any the Clauses therein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence for his and their Defence; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him or them upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then such

Treble Costs. Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

The Bank to continue a Corporation till the Annuities be redeemed.

No See for re

cates, or for any Transfer,

Penalty 2, 01.

Treasury to reward Persons employed in the Execution of this Act. See.

Allowances made to the Offrrcrsof the ibank, to be at the Disposal of the Company.

Clause of Redemption.

General issue,

A.D. 1749. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II.

C 24 — 26. 147

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for remedying Inconveniences which may happen by Proceedings in Actions on the Statutes of Hue and Cry.

FOR remedying Iiiconveniencles which may happen by Proceedings in Actions on the Statutes of 13 Edt. fiat.

Hue and Cry, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent z. r. 1 of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the -7 el authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of Jiine one thousand seven hundred ^tover^n any and forty-nine, no Person whatsoever shall recover against any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of any Hundred, aokmon the in any Action on any of the Statutes of Hue and Cry, more than the Value of two hundred Pounds, unless the Statutes of Hue Person or Persons so robbed shall, at the Time of such Robbery, for which such Action shall be brought, and Cry more be together in Company, and be in Number two at the least, to nttest the Truth of his or their being so robbed j any Law, Statute or Provision to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Time of the

Robbery there be two present to attest the Truth thereof. See farther zz Geo. a. C 46*

CAP. XXV.

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Postoffice for all her majesty's Dominions; and for settling a Weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her majesty's Occasions as relates to Horses or Furniture to be let to Persons riding Poll.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Postoffice for all her majesty's Dominions; and for settling a Weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions; is (amongst other Things) enacted, That no Person or Persons shall presume to keep, provide and maintain Horses or Furniture for the Horfing of any Person or Persons riding Post (that is to say) Riding several Stages upon a Post Road, and changing Horses, or hall let to Hire, or furnish any Person or Persons whatsoever with Horses or Furniture for riding Post as aforesaid, on any of the Roads or Stages now or hereafter to be appointed, with or without a Guide or Horn, for Hire or Reward, or any Agreement or Promise of Reward, whereby he or they may have any Profit or Advantage, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of five Pounds for every several Offence against the Tenor of the said Act: And whereas the said Restriction hath been construed to extend to Chaises and Calashes let out for Hire, and which change Horses at certain Stages upon the Post Roads, in like Manner as Horses let out by the Postoffice are changed Be it therefore enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said Act contained doth or shall extend, or be construed to extend, to restrain or prohibit the letting out for Hire, Chaises or Calashes with Horses to draw the same, or the furnishing Horses for drawing Chaises or Calashes at any Stage or Stages upon any Post Road to any Person whatsoever; that it shall and may be lawful for all Persons to let out for Hire, as well upon the Post Roads as elsewhere, Chaises duly licensed, with Horses to draw the same, and to furnish or exchange Horses for drawing any such Chaises or Calashes; anything in the said Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for all Persons who let out Chaises or Calashes with Horses for Hire, to let out Horses and Furniture for Horfing any Person or Persons accompanying or attending any Person or Persons who shall travel in Chaises or Calashes, and to change such Horses and Furniture in Manner as is before mentioned.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to stay annul, or defeat any Judgement or Verdict obtained by virtue of the said above recited Act of the ninth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, or the Proceedings thereon; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads leading into the Town of Ross in the County of Hereford.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years,

9 Anna?, C tc 6 Geo. 1. c.zi

fa. 51.

Geo. z C 3 3

The act not to prohibit the fui niftiing Chaises upon the Road.

Persons letting Chailes may furnish Horses for Persons Tttending.

This at net to defeat any Judgement before 25 March 1749.

See farther cor corning Pc Ojfce 26 Geo. 2. C X

u z

148 C 27. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

Cap. XXVII

An act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abtffes committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Mohair and Silk Manufactures, and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot Prefiers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their Wages.

13 Geo. i. C 8. 4 '5

WHEREAS by an Act made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, entitled, An r Anna, flat. 2. ' Act to explain and amend an act made in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, CL 4 entitled, An act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the

working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton and Iron Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for extending the said Act to the Manufactures of Leather, it is amongst other Things enacted, That if any Person or Persons hired or employed in the worlting up of any Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton or Iron Manufactures, shall purloin, imbezil, secrete, fell, pawn, exchange or otherwise illegally dispose of any the Materials with which he, she or they shall be respectively entrusted to work up such Woollen, Lin ' nen, Fustian, Cotton or Iron Manufactures, whether the same be or be not first made up or manufactured, or shall reel false or shortyarn, the Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted in Manner prescribed by the said act of the first Year of her said late majesty's Reign, shall forfeit Double the Value of the Damages which the Owner or Owners of such Materials ishall respectively sustain there 4 by, together with fuli Costs of Prosecution for every such Offence: And in case immediate Payment of the respective Forfeitures, together with such Costs of Prosecution as aforesaid, shall be neglected or re fused to be made, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the same Justice of the Peace, before whom such Conviction shall be made, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction, to be there whipped and kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding fourteen Days: And in case of a further Conviction for a second or other subsequent Offence for imbezil.ng or purloining any of the Materials in the said act of the first: Year of her said late majesty's Reign mentioned, that the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every second or other subsequent Offence, forfeit four times the Value of the Damages which the Owner or Owners of such Materials (whether the same be 4 or be not. made up or manufactured) shall sustain thereby, together with such Costs of Prosecution, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be respectively convicted: And in case immediate Payment of the respective Forfeitures, together with such Costs of Prosecution as aforesaid, shall be neglected or refused to be made, that then such Justice, or any other Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place where such Offences shall be committed, ball cause the Lid Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction, to be there kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month, as to such Justice shall feern reasonable, and also during the Time of such Commitment shall cause tyre said Offender or Offenders to be publicly whipped in the Market Town where such Offender or Offenders shall be re respectively committed, at the Market Place or Cross of such Town, once or oftener, as to such Justice shall seem reasonable: And it is by the said act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign also further enacted, That every Person or Persons who shall buy or receive, accept or take, by way of Gift,

pawn, pledge or sale of or from any of the Persons in the said act of the first Year of her laid late Maje

Reign mentioned, any Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton or Iron Manufactures, either before cr alter the lame shall be manufactured or converted into merchantable Wares, knowing the same to be lb purloined or imbezilled, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall severally suffer the like Forfeitures and Penalties as are by the said acts respectively inflicted on Persons purloining or imbeziliing such of the Ma 4 terials or Manufactures enumerated in the said acts respectively; all which Sot fcitures, when recovered,

are by the said act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign directed to be applied in Manner following; that is to say, one Moiety thereof to the Use of the Party or Parties injured, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the Parish only where the Offence shall be committed, with the like Liberty and Benefit of Appealing to all Parties, as is given in and by the said act of the first Year of her said late Majesty: it is by the said act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign all'o fur there enacted, That if any Person or Persons hired or employed in cutting, paring, walking, dressing, few ing, making up, or otherwise manufacturing of Gloves, Breeches, Leather, Skins, Boots, Slices, Slip pers, Wares or other Goods or Merchandizes, to be made Use of in any of the Trades or Employments,

of in Manner bit mentioned, or in any Blanch or Particular thereof, shall fraudulently purloin, imbezil,

secrete, fell, pawn or exchange all or any Part of the Gloves, Breeches, Leather, Skins, Parings or

Shreads of Gloves or Leather, or other Materials with which he, she or they shall be entrusted to work up or manufacture, or shall purloin, imbezil, secrete, fell, pawn or exchange any Gloves, Breeches,

Boots, Shoes, Slippers Or Wares, when made, wrought up or manufactured, or do or wilfully permit any other act, to lessen the Value of such, or any Part of such (Roves, Breeches, Leather, Skins, Parings or Shreads of Gloves or Leather, Boots, Shoes, Slippers or other Wares last particularised, either before or after the same shall be respectively so made into Wares, and be thereof lawfully convicted in Manner prescribed by the Lid bit mentioned act, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place where Inch Offence shall be committed, or where the Party or Parties so charged shall reside or inhabit; such Justice or Justices shall and may award the Per

fou or Persons so offending, to make a reasonable and suitable Recommence and Satisfaction for every Offence

A.D. 1749. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 27. 149

to the Parties respectively injured, for the Damage by them sustained, so as the same do not exceed double the Value of the Gloves, Breeches, Leather, Boots, Shoes, Slippers, Wares, Goods or Materials,

by such Offender or Offenders so purloined or imbeziled, secreted, sold, pawned or exchanged; one half thereof to go to the Party or Parties grieved, and the other half to the Use of the Poor of the Parish or

Place where such Offence shall be committed; together with the full Charges attending such Conviction;

be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices by Di

and Sale of the Offenders Goods; but if such Offender or Offenders shall not have Goods sufficient to answer the Forfeitures and the Expenses attending the Premises, and shall also neglect or refuse im mediately to pay the same, that then the said Offender or Offenders, shall, by like Warrant of such Justice or Justices last described, be for every distinct Offence committed to the House of Correction, or other public Prison of such County, Riding, City, Town or Place, and there kept to hard Labour for the Space of fourteen Days, and shall be there likewise whipped in such Manner, as the said Justice or Juf

tices shall order and direct; and in case also of a subsequent Conviction for a second or any other such like Offence, that the Person or Persons so offending, for every second or other subsequent Offence, shall

four Times the Value of the Damages which the Owner or Owners of such Materials, either be fore or after the same shall be respectively made up into Wares, shall sustain thereby, together with such Costs of Prosecutiorr as shall be adjudged reasonable by the Justice, before whom such Offender or Of 4 fenders shall be respectively convicted; and in case immediate Payment of the respective Forfeitures, to gether with such Costs of Prosecution as aforesaid, shall be neglected or refuted to be made, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice to commit the Offender or Offenders last described to the House of Correction, or other public Prison, to be there kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month, as to such Justice shall seem reasonable; also, during the Time of such Commitment, shall cause the said Offender or Offenders to be publicly whipped in the Market Town where such Offender or Offenders shall be respectively committed, at the Market Place or Cross of such Town, once or oftener, as to such Justice shall seem reasonable: it is by the said Act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign also further enacted, That every Person and Persons who shall knowingly or willingly buy or receive, accept or take, by way of Pawn, Pledge, Sale,

or in any other Manner, of or from any of the Persons offending in either of the Particulars raft mentioned,

or of or from any other Person or Persons whatsoever (except of or from the Person or Persons in whom the Property of such Gloves, Breeches, Leather, Boots, Shoes, Slippers, Wares, Goods or other Mate rials, shall be at the Time of such Sale, Pawn or Exchange) or offer so to do, such Person or Persons of sending therein respectively, shall, for every Offence, being convicted thereof in Manner before prescribed by the said last mentioned Act, make such suitable and reasonable Recompense and Satisfaction, within two Days next after the Matter of Fast shall be determined by any one or more Justice or Justices as aforesaid, upon hearing the same, or else be subject to such Distress; for want of sufficient Distress,

to be liable to the like Punishment as is by the said Act directed to be inflicted on such Person or Persons as shall purloin, imbezil, secrete, fell, pawn or exchange any Gloves, Breeches, Leather, Eoots, Shoes,

Slippers, Wares, Goods or other Materials or Eft'efts of that Sort as aforesaid, and foin like Manner for any Second, and every other subsequent Offence: And whereas the Penalties and Forfeitures to which Offenders against the said Acts are subjected, have not been sufficient to deter Persons from committing the Offences thereby intended to be prevented: And whereas many Persons employed in the making of Felts or Hats, and in preparing or working up the Manufactures of Furr, Hemp, Flax, Mohair and Silk,

and also the Manufactures made of Wool, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, Cottcn or Silk, or same of them mixed one with another, have of late been guilty of diverse Frauds and Abuses, by purloining, imbez.il

ling, secreting, selling, pawning, exchanging or otherwise unlawfully disposing of the Materials with which they have been entrusted; it is therefore become necessary to make Provision for preventing such Offences for the future Therefore for amending and rendering more effectual the said Act made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and for extending the Provisions and Regulations therein and herein made, to the several Manufactures lit rein before mentioned, Be it enacted by the King's tnoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Per Persons employ fons whatsoever, who shall be hired or employed to make any Felt or Hat, or to prepare or work up any n themanu woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Mohair or Silk Manufactures, or 1'

any Manufactures made up of Wool], Furr, Hemp, Flax, Cotton, Mohair or Silk, or of any of the said V Ved o fmbe materials mixed one with another, shall, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand fe zilling, carry ven hundred and f orty nine, purloin, imbezil, ferrete, fell, pawn, exchange or otherwise unlawfully dif of the Materials, pose of any of the Materials, with which he, she or they shall be respectively entrusted, whether the same, or any Part thereof, be or be not first wrought, made up, manufactured or converted into merchantable Wares, or shall reel False or Short Yarn, and shall be thereof lawully convicted, by the Oath or (if the or of reeling Owner thereof be of the People called Quakers) solemn Affirmation of the Owner of such Goods or Ma Pase or Short terials, or by the Oath or Affirmation of any other credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of arn the Person or Persons charged with such Offence, before anyone or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, or where the Person or Persons so charged shall reffde or inhabit (which Oath or Affirmation the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit to be conur, 'tt<1, the Person or Persons so convicted to the House of Correction, or other public Prison of such County,

Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of fourteen

Days, and also to order the Person or Persons so convicted to be once publicly whipped at the Market and pumicid place, or some other public Place of the City, Town or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall be whirp: d.

respectively

C 2,

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II

io

A. d.1749.

Persons convicted of buying or

men.

Penalty of a fub tc spectivety committed; and in case of_a further Conviction, in Manner before prescribed by this Act, for!, <iuent Offence or L pon a second or other subsequent Offence of the same Kind, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be had to commit the Person or Persons so again offending to the House of Correction, or other publielc Prison as aforesaid, there to be kept to hard Labour for any ime not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month, and also to order the Person or Persons so again offending, to be publicly whipped at the Market Place, or some other public Place of the City, Town or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall be respectively committed, twice or oftener, as to such Justice or Justices shall appear reasonable; thing in the said act of the first Year of her Paid late majesty's Reign, or in the said in Part recited act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall buy, receive, accept or take, by way of Gift, Pawn, Pledge, Sale or Exchange, or in any other Manner whatsoever, of receiving Mate or from any Person or Persons, hired or employed to make any Felt or Hat, or to prepare or work up the i.as 10m 01 -- Yy005]t; nj Linen, Fuflian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Mohair or Silk Manufactures, or any Manufactures made up of Wool, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Cotton, Mohair or Silk, or of any of the said Materials mixed one with another, any Thrums or Ends of Yarn, or any other Materials of Wool, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Cotton or Iron, or any Leather, Mohair or Silk, whether the same, or any Part thereof, be or be not full wrought, made up or manufactured, knowing the Person or Persons of whom he, she or they so buy, receive, accept or take the said Materials, to be so hired or employed as aforesaid, 2nd not having first obtained the Content of the Person or Persons so hiring or employing him, her or them, who shall offer to to sell, pawn, pledge, exchange or otherwise dispose of the said Materials, or shall buy, receive, accept or take, in any Manner whatsoever, of or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever any of the said Materials, whether the same be or be not first wrought, made up or manufactured, knowing the same to be so purloined or imbezilled; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so buying, receiving, accepting or taking any such Materials, being thereof lawfully convicted, in Manner before prescribed by this act, for the conviction of Persons purloining or imbezilling the said Materials, shall, for the first ofi to forfeit for the fence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; and in case the said Forfeiture shall not be immediately paid, the first Offence 20l. Justice or Justices before whom such conviction shall be had, shall commit the Party or Parties so convicted end on Nonpay. to t]le House of Correction, or other public Prison as aforesaid, there to be kept to hard Labour, for the mitred be cm" Space of fourteen Days, unless the said Forfeiture shall be sooner paid; and if within two Days before the Expiration of the said fourteen Days, the said Forfeiture shall not be paid, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, to order the Person or Persons so convicted, to be publicly whipped at the Market Place, or some other public Place of the City, Town or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall be respectively committed, once or oftener, as to such Justice or Justices shall appear reasonable; and in case of a further conviction, for or upon a second or any other subsequent Offence of the same Kind, the Person or Persons so again offending, being thereof convicted in Manner before prescribed by this act, shall, for every second or other subsequent Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Pounds; and in case the said Forfeiture shall not be immediately paid, the Justice or Justices, before whom such conviction shall be had, shall commit the Party or Parties so convicted to the House of Correction, or other public Prison as aforesaid, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month, unless the said Forfeiture shall be sooner paid; and if within seven Days before the Expiration of the Time for which such Offender or Offenders shall be so committed, the said Forfeiture shall not be paid, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to order such Offender or Offenders to be publicly whipped at the Market Place, or some other public Place of the City, Town or Place where he, she or they shall be respectively committed, twice or oftener, as to such Justice or Justices shall appear reasonable; and the said respective Forfeitures of twenty Pounds and forty Pounds, when recovered, after Satisfaction shall have been made thereout to the Party or Parties injured, together with such Costs of Prosecution as shall be judged reasonable by the Justice or Justices before whom such conviction shall have been had, shall be equally distributed amongst the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Person or Persons so convicted shall reiide or inhabit; anything in the said two first mentioned acts, or either of them, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if any Person convicted as aforesaid, of buying.

mitted, and whipped;

and in case of subsequent Offence,

so forfeit 40 I. CC

Appeal given to l'erfoits convicted of buying Materials.

receiving or taking to pawn any of the Materials herein before mentioned, shall think himself or herself

aggrieved by the Judgement of the Justice or Justices, before whom he, she or they shall have been convicted, such Person shall have Liberty to appeal to the Justices, at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or place where such The Appellant Judgement shall have been given; and that the Execution of the said Judgement shall in such Case be fuf giving Security, ponded, the Person so convicted entering into a Recognisance at the Time of such conviction, with two sufficient Sureties, in double the Sum which such Person shall have been adjudged to forfeit, upon Condition to prosecute such Appeal with effect, and to be forth coming to abide the Judgement and Determination of the Justices in the said General or Quarter Sessions; which Recognisance the said Justice or Justices, before whom such conviction shall be had, is and are hereby empowered and required to take; and the Justices, in the said General or Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either Party; and if upon the Hearing of the said Appeal, the Jujgment of the Justice or Justices, before whom the Appellant shall have been convicted, shall be affirmed, such Appellant shall immediately pay the Sum which he or she shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such Costs as the justices, in the said General or Quarter Sessions shall award, to be paid by him or them for defraying the ixpences sustained by the Defendant or Defendants in such Appeal; or in Default of making such Payments, shall suffer the respective Pains and Penalties by this act inflicted upon Persons who shall neglect to pay, or hall not pay the respective Forfeitures by this Act imposed upon such as shall be convicted of See fanltr 23 buying, receiving or taking to Pawn any of the Materials herein before mentioned, which shall have been r j3' purloined or imbezilled.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons hail be charged Justices impow with and afterwards convicted of purloining or imbezilling any of the aforesaid Materials, or of buying or to Erantil receiving the same in Manner before described, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Conviction shall be had, to ift ue a Warrant under his or their Hand and nouits cof Seal, or Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons, impowering him or them, in the Presence of Peifcms cena Constable or Headborough, and in the Daytime, to enter into and search the Houses, out houses, vifled of pur shops, Cellars, Vaults and other Places belonging to the Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid; if loining, C upon any such Search or Searches, there shall be found any Thrums or Ends of Yarn, or any other Materials of Wool, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Mohair or Silk, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons empowered to make such Search or Searches as aforesaid, to bring such Materials before the said Justice or Justices, to be by him or them detained and kept in safe Custody; if within the Space of twenty-four Days next after such Thrums, 'or Ends of Yarn, or other Materials shall be so taken and detained, it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices, that the Person or Persons from whose Houses, out houses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults or other Places as aforesaid, the said Materials shall be so taken and detained, is or are the lawful Owner or Owners thereof, and came to the poflhjion of the same in an houeft and lawful Manner, then all such Thrums or Ends of Yarn, or other Materials, so taken and kept as aforesaid, shall be restored to the Person or Persons out of whose Custody or Possession the same shall have been so taken; but in case it shall not be made appear within the Time before limited, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices, that the Person or Persons convicted as aforesaid, is or are the lawful Owner or Owners of the said Materials so taken and detained as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, the said Materials shall be deemed and adjudged to be purloined and imbezilled; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices to direct all such Thrums or Ends of Yarn, or other Materials, to be publicly sold, and the Money arising by such Sale (the Charges of such Sale being first deducted) to be equally distributed amongst the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Person or Persons so convicted shall rehde or inhabit.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the said Justice or Justices shall, within three Days Justice to give after such Materials shall be brought to him or them as aforesaid, give Notice thereof in Writing under his Notice to the or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to the Person or Persons convicted as aforesaid, appointing in £°nv'?'of the such Notice a Time and Place for his, her or their attending, in order to make out and prove his, her or bi ouehttohim, their Property in such Materials so taken and detained as aforesaid; Time so to be appointed, hall in order to prove be within twenty-one Days, and not less than eighteen Days after such Notice given; and if the Person or his Property, sc. Persons so convicted, shall be detained in any House of Correction, or other Prison as aforesaid, the said Justice or Justices hall also cause a Copy of the said Notice, attested under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be delivered to the Mailer or Keeper of such House of Correction, or other Prison; which Mailer or Keeper is hereby required to bring, or cause to be brought, before such Justice or Justices, the Person or Persons named in such Notice at the Time and Place therein specified, if the Person or Persons named in such Notice be then in the Custody of such Master or Keeper; and if any such Matter or Keeper hall neglect or refuse so to do, such Master or Keeper hall, for every such neglect or Refusal, forfeit to the Person or Persons respectively named in such Notice, the full Value of the Materials so taken, detained and sold; to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of such Master or Keeper, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of the Justice or Justices signing such Notice, in case the said Forfeiture hall not be immediately paid.

VI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself ag Persons ag grieved by the Judgement or Order of the said Justice or Justices, relating to the Sale or Disposal of the said grieved may Materials so sound and detained as aforesaid, such Person hall have Liberty to appeal against the Judge appeal mentor Order of the said Justice or Justices, to the Justices of the Peace in the General or Quarter Session

of the Peace which shall be held for the same County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Town Corporate, next after such Judgement or Order shall be given or made; and that in the mean Time the Sale and Disposal of such Materials shall be postponed; in Writing under the Hand of the Person intending to Notice of ap appeal, signifying such his or her Intention, being given to the Justice or Justices by whom such Order shall peal to be given, have been made, before the Time appointed for the Sale and Disposal of such Materials; and the Justices of the Peace in the said General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, are hereby authorised and empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath (or being of the People called Quakers, upon their solemn Affirmation) and to hear and finally determine the Matter of the said Appeal; and in case the said Appellant shall not prosecute such his or her Appeal, or for any other Cause the Judgement of the said Justice or Justices by whom such Order shall have been made shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices in the said General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to award such Coils as they, in their Discretion, shall think reasonable to be paid by the Appellant for defraying the Expenses sustained by the Defendant or Defendants in such Appeal.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons entrusted with Penalty on any of the Materials herein before mentioned, in order to prepare, work up, or manufacture the same, shall Workmen not not use all such Materials in the preparing, working up or manufacturing of the same, and shall neglect or Remai nf of the delay, for the Space of twenty-one Days after such Materials shall be prepared, worked up or manufactured, Materials, with to return (if required by the Owner or Owners of such Materials so to do) so much of the said Materials in aidays,

as shall not be used as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons entrusting him, her or them therewith, such neglect or Delay shall be deemed and adjudged to be an Imbezilling or Purloining of such Materials; and the Person or Persons so neglecting or delaying, being thereof convicted, in Manner before prescribed for the

3 Conviction

Jnflic* to tflue his Warrant upon Complaint of any Offence against this Act.

Journeymen not completing their Work, C

to be committed,

Limitation of the Powers of this Act.

13 & 14. Car. 2. «. IS

20 Car. 2. C 6.

8 &9W. 3. C 36.

None to be purs ithed twice for the same Offence.

12 Geo. 1. c. 34.

3, 27.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

Conviction of Offenders against this Act, shall suffer the like Punishment, as Persons convicted of imbezil ihig or purloining any of the ivlateiials herein before mentioned, are by this Act rendered subject and liable to.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, and he is hereby required, 'upon Complaint to him made upon Oath, or (if the Person complaining be of the People called Quakers) solemn Affirmation of any Offence committed against this Act within the same County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, to issue his Warrant for apprehending and bringing before him, or before any other Justice or Justices of the Peace of the same County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, the Person or Persons charged with such Offence; and the Justice or Justices, before whom such Person or Persons shall be brought, is and are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Complaint, and to proceed to Conviction and Judgement thereupon.

IX. And, for the better regulating of the Journeymen, and other Persons employed as Manufacturers or Workers in the Manufacture of Felts or Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Mohair, Furr, Hemp, Flax, or Silk Manufactures, or any Manufactures made up of Wool, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Linen, Cotton, Mohair, or Silk, or any of the said Materials mixed one with another, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who, at any Time after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, shall be hired, retained or employed to prepare or work up any of the Manufactures herein before mentioned for any one Master, shall neglect or refuse the Performance thereof, by procuring or permitting himself or herself to be subsequently retained or employed by any othermaster or Person whatsoever, before he or fly shall have completed the Work which he or she was first and originally so hired, retained, or employed to perform, and which was first delivered to him or her; then, and in every such Case, the Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath, or (being of the People called Quakers) Affirmation of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, shall be sent to the House of Correction, therd to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month.

X Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend to repeal any of the Provisions mentioned and contained in an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade of silk throwing; or in an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trade of silk throwing, or in an Act made in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement o f the Manufacture of Lustrings and Alamodes within this Realm, and for the better preventing the Importation of the fanie; for the Punishment of Silk Winders, Doublers, and other Persons, convicted of purloining, imbezifling, pawning, selling, or detaining, any Silk delivered them to wind, double, or work up, or after the same is wrought up, and of the Buyers, Receivers, or Persons taking to pawn any Silk so imbezilled or purloined, but that the said Provisions shall remain in full Force, and the Penalties and Forfeitures to which Offenders against the said Acts are thereby respectively subjected, may be levied, recovered and infiidled in the same Manner as such Penalties and Forfeitures might have been levied, recovered and inflicted before the making of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no Person shall, by virtue of the said Acts herein before last mentioned, or of this Act, suffer or be liable to suffer the Punishments thereby infiidled, twice for one and the same Factor Offence.

e X1L And whereas by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages, all Contracts, Covenants or Agreements, and all bylaws, Ordinances, Rules or Orders made or entered into, or hereafter to be made or entered into, by or between any Persons brought up in, or professing, using or exercising the Art and Mystery of a Wool Cumber or Weaver, or Journeyman Wool Cumber, or Journeyman Weaver, in any Parish or Place within this Kingdom, for regulating the said Trade or Mystery, or for regulating or settling the Prices of Goods, or for advancing their Wages, or for lessening their ufua] Hours of Work, are declared to be illegal, null and void to all Intents and Purposes: it is, by the said last mentioned Act (amongst other Things) enacted, That if any Wool Cumber or Weaver, or Journeyman Wool Cumber, or Journeyman Weaver, or other Person concerned in any of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, shall at any Time keep up, continue, act in, make, enter into, sign, seal, or be knowingly concerned in any Contract, Covenant or Agreement, bylaw, Ordinance, Rule or Order of any Club, Society or Combination, by the said Act declared to be illegal, or shall presume or attempt to put any such illegal Agreement, bylaw, Ordinance, Rule or Order in Execution; every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted in Manner prescribed by the said Act, shall at the Discretion of the Justices of the Peace, before whom such Conviction shall be had, he committed either to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, or to the common Gaol of the County, City, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding three Months: And it is, by the said last mentioned Act, also further enacted, That if any Person retained or employed as a Wool! Cumber or Weaver, or Servant in the Art or Mystery of a Wool Cumber or Weaver, shall depart front his Service before the End of the Time for which be is hired or retained, or shall quit or return his Work before the same shall be finished according to Agreement, unless it be for some reasonable Cause to be allowed by two or more Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions; Person so offending, being thereof convicted in Manner prescribed by the said Act, shall be committed to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding

*53

A.D. 1749. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 27.

ing three Months; and if any Wool] Cumber, Weaver, Servant or Person hired, retained or employed

in the said Art or Mystery, shall wilfully damnify, spoil or destroy (without the Consent of the Owner)

any of the Goods, Wares, or Work committed to his Care or Charge, or wherewith he shall be intrust 4 ed, such Offender being thereof convicted, shall forfeit and pay to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Wares so damnified, spoiled or defrayed, double the Value thereof; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattles, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals, of any two or more Justices of the Peace, within their respective jurisdictions; and for want of sufficient Di ' stress, such Justices shall commit the Party or Parties offending to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding three Months, or until Satisfaction be made to the Party or Parties aggrieved for the same.: And it is, by the said last mentioned act, also further enacted, That every

Clothier, Serge Maker, or Woollen or Worsted stuffmaker, or Person concerned in making any Wool len Clothes, Serges or Stuffs, or concerned in employing Wool Combers, Weavers, or other Labourers in the Woollen Manufactury, shall pay to all Persons by them employed in the Woollen Manufacture, the full Wages, or other Price agreed on, in good and lawful Money of this Kingdom, and shall not pay the said Wages, or other Price agreed on, or any Part thereof, in Goods, or by Way of Truck, or in any other Manner than in Money, or make any Deduction from such Wages or Price, for or on Account of any Goods sold or delivered, previous to such Agreement, by any Person or Persons whatsoever: And for the more easy Recovery of the said Wages, or Price agreed on, any two or more Justices of the Peace, within their respective jurisdictions, are authorised and required, upon Complaint made for that , to summon before them the Party or Parties offending, and for nonpayment of such Wages, or Price agreed 4 on, in Money as aforesaid, or sufficient Satisfaction given for the same, to the good Liking of the Party or Parties aggrieved, to issue their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, for levying such.

6 Wages or Price, due as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattles, rendering the Overplus to the Owner; and for want of sufficient Distress, to commit the Party or Parties offending to the common Gaol of the County, City, Town or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bailor Mainprize for the Space of six Months, or until he, she or they shall pay such

or Price agreed on, in Money as aforesaid, or give full Satisfaction for the Payment of the same,

to the good Liking of the Party grieved: And it is, by the said last mentioned act, also further enacted,

That if any Clothier, Serge Maker, Woollen or Worsted Stuff Maker, or Person concerned in making any Woollen Clothes, Serges or Stuffs, or any way concerned in employing Wool Combers, Weavers or

other Labourers in the Woollen manufactury, shall pay any Person or Persons employed by them, their Wages, or other Price agreed on, or any Part thereof, either in Goods, or by way of Truck, or in any other Manner than in Money, every Person so offending, shall also forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds,

one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Party or Parties aggrieved, to be levied

by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner

And it is, by the said last mentioned act, also provided, That it shall be lawful for any Person aggrieved,

by any Order or Orders to be made by any two or more Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter sessions to be held for the County, City,

Division, Parish or Place, where such Order shall be made, giving reasonable Notice of such Appeal, the Reasonableness of which Notice shall be determined by the Justices at the Quarter sessions to which such Appeal is made; and if it shall appear to them, that reasonable Time of Notice was not given, then they shall adjourn the said Appeal to the next Quarter sessions, and then and there finally hear and determine the same; and the Justices, who in the General Quarter sessions shall hear the Matter, shall have Power

to award reasonable Costs to either Party, as to them shall seem just: it is, by the said last mentioned act, also further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault or abuse any Master Wool Cumber,

Master Weaver, or other Person concerned in any of the Woollen Manufactures, whereby any such ma fffter or otlrer Person shall receive any bodily Hurt, for not complying with, or not conforming, or not fub mitting to any such illegal bylaws, Ordinances, Rules or Orders aforesaid; if any Person or Persons shall write, or cause to be written, or knowingly send, or cause to be sent, any Letter, or other Writing or Melfage, threatening any Hurt or Harm to any such Master Wool Cumber, or Master Weaver, or other Person concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, or threatening to burn, pull down, or destroy any of their Houses or out houses, or to cut down or destroy any of their Trees, or to maim or kill any of their Cattle, for not complying with any Demands, Claims or Pretences of any of his or their Work men, or others employed by them in the said Manufacture, or for not conforming, or not submitting to any such illegal bylaws, Ordinances, Rules or Orders as aforesaid, every Person so knowingly and will lingly offending in the Premisses, being thereof lawfully convicted, upon ariy Indictment to be found with in twelve Calendar Months next after any such Offence committed, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony,

and shall be transported for seven Years to some or one of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in Ante

rica, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, and under such Pains and Penalties, as Felons in other Cases are by Law to be transported: whereas it is necessary that the said several Provisions and Regulations in the said lait in Part recited act, should be extended to Journeymen Dyers, Journeymen Hot Pressers, and all other Persons employed in the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, and also to Journeymen, Servants, Workmen and Labourers, employed in the making of Felts or Hats, and in the

Manufactures of Silk, Mohair, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Linen, Cotton, Fustian, Iron, and Leather, or any Manufactures made up of Wool, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Cotton, Mohair, or Silk, or of any of the said Materials mixed one with another; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said The Proviso, is several before recited Clauses in the said act, made in the twelfth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, in the recited and all the Provisions, Regulations, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, therein contained, shall, from and dafter the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, extend, and be coop, ", " h (trued, deemed and adjudged to extend to Journeymen Dyers, Journeymen Hot Pressers, and all other per manufa£hms Cons whatsoever, employed in or about any of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, and also to enunciated.

Vol. VII X journey

154- C 28, 29 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii A.D. 1749.

Journeymen, Servants, Workmen and Labourers, and all other Persons whatsoever employed in the making of Felts or Hats, or in or about any of the Manufactures of Silk, Mohair, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Linen, Cotton, Fustian, Iron, or Leather, or in or about any Manufactures made up of Wool, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Cotton, Mohair, or Silk, or of any of the said Materials mixed one with another, in as full and ample Manner as the said Provisions, Regulations, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, are by the said last f.rfeitores to mentioned Act declared to extend to the several and respective Persons therein named; and the Pains, penal be inflicted as ties and Forfeitures, which shall be incurred by reason of any Offence committed against the said last men in the said Act. tioned Ad, by any Person or Persons employed or concerned in or about any of the said Manufactures, herein before enumerated, hall be inflicted, levied and recovered, in the same Manner as the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained in the said last in Part recited Act, are directed to be inflicted, levied and recovered, upon and against the several and respective Persons therein mentioned.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for continuing two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georg; the First, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol; and the other passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same Ad; and for making the said Adds more effectual; and also for repairing other Roads therein mentioned.

PR.

The former Acts 13 Geo. 1. c. 12. and Geo. 2. c. 22. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XXIX.

Commissioners

Names.

Mnt2 commission ts ro be a Qucmm.

Time and Place cf Meeting

Commissioners

may fa mi non Herere, C

Commissioners not to till Gey have qua liiiej

Three Copies of the Roll ohe tr nsmitted to the Offices hee ia mentioned.

An act for making an authentic Roll of Valuation for the Shire of Argyll.

WHEREAS here has not been any authentic or authorised Valuation of the Shire of Argyll extant at any Time since the late happy Resolution, in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty eight, and for want thereof it was provided by the sixth Act of the Parliament of Scotland, held in the hear one thousand six hundred and ninety, entitled, Act for raising a Supply offered to their majeslics; That the Shire of Argyll should pay their Proportion of that Supply, and in Time coming, according as the said Shire did pay before the Year one thousand six hundred and eighty-four, until there be a new Valuation: And whereas such new Valuation has never hitherto been made or authorised Now for remedying the inconveniences arising from the want of an authentic Roll of Valuation for the Shire of Argyll, according to which the established Proportion of Cess, payable by the said Shire, may be levied and collected from the several Heretors, Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands, lying within the same, in the same Manner, and with the like Ease, Certainty and Regularity, as is practised in other Shires, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sir Duncan Campbell of Lochnell, Duncan Campbell of in veraw, Archibald Lament of Lament, John Campbell of Barcalden, Donald Campbell of Airds, Neil Alacneil of Ugadill, Archibald Campbell of Knockbuy, Alexander Macmillan of D unmare, Archibald Campbell of Danna, Archibald Campbell of Me ford, Archibald Campbell of Inver liver, heslor Maclean of Torloijk, Neil Campbell of Duntroon, Master John Campbell of Ottir, Captain James Campbell the younger of Ardkinglass, John Mackinnon of Mackinnon, Archibald Campbell of dv.nnoon, Colin Campbell of skipncjj, hcslor Maclean of Coll, Archibald Campbell of Stanfield, Daniel Campbell of Shaw field, Duncan Campbell of shunder/and, John Macdonald of Lcrgy, and Archibald Campbell of jura, of whom nine are hereby declared to be a Qjtorum, shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for making an authentic Roll of Valuation for the said Shire of Argyll, which they are hereby authorised, empowered and required to do.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners aforesaid, or any nine or more of them, shall meet together at Inverary on the twenty first Day of June next, and shall then adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet there, or at any other Place, as the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall think proper or convenient, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act, or any of the Powers therein contained, in Execution.

III. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners aforesaid, or any nine or more of them, shall have Power to summen the Heretors, and other Persons having Interest in the said Shire, to appear before them, and to take all Manner of Probation as they shall see Cause, and to do all other Acts necessary for carrying this Act into Execution.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That none of the Commissioners aforesaid, shall act as such, until they shall have qualified themselves, by taking the Oaths appointed by Law to be taken by Persons in Offices of pulilick Trust in Scotland, either in the Sheriff's Court, held for the said Shire, or any other Court of Law appointed for that Purpose

and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as icon as the said Commissioners shall have finished and completed the said Roll of Valuation, three Copies thereof shall be signed by nine or more of the said Commissioners, one whereof shall he transmitted to the treasurer's Remembrancer in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to be kept amongst the Records of the said Court, and another of the said Copies shall be delivered to the Sheriff, or Sheriff Depute of the said Shire, to be recorded in the Sheriff Books for the said Shire, and to be Patent in all Time coming to all Persons having Occasion to insped the same, and another Copy of the said Roll, so signed as aforesaid,

shall

A.D. 1749. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 30. 155

shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Commissioners of Supply for the said Shire, for the Use of the said Commissioners in all Time coming.

VI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Roll, when so signed and delivered The Validity of as aforesaid, hall be of the same Force, Efficacy and Validity, to all Intents and Purposes, for and in respect Roll deda to the said Shire of Argyll, and Lands and Hereditaments lying within the same, as any other authemick.rc<1.

Roll of Valuation is by Law for any other Shire in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Lands lying within the same.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Quota or Propor The Quota of

tion of Cess charged upon the said Shire, shall continue the same as it has been heretofore before the paf the Cel's to be fillg of this Act. the same.

VIII. And provided likewise, and it is hereby further enacted, That until the first Day of June, which The Supplies to shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and likewise from and after the said be raised as here first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, until the said Roll shall be completed, signed and reb, et^he delivered in Manner abovementioned, the public Supplies shall be levied and collected within the said p'ete<j, e cm" Shire, in the Manner that has been heretofore practised within the same before the passing of this Act.

IX. And be it likewise further enacted, That all Arrears of the public Supplies or Cess grown due, or Arrears to be u hereafter to grow due on or before the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, hall be vied as formerly, levied and collected within the said Shire, in the Manner that has been heretofore practised within the same;

anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, Heretors p«fons aggrio or life renters, within the said Shire, who hall apprehend him, her or themselves to be aggrieved by the ed may appeal. Valuation that shall be made by the said Commissioners of any Lands or Iieretages within the said Shire,

as being too high or too low, or otherwise unequal, to apply for Redress of such Grievance or Unequality, by summary Petition or Complaint to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, at any Time within twelve Months after a Copy of the said Valuation, as settled by the Commissioners, hall be recorded in the sheriff's Books for the said Shire, to be Patent to all Persons having Interest; upon such Complaint exhibited to the said Barons, they are hereby authorised and required to grant Warrant for serving the same upon any nine or more of the said Commissioners, to answer upon fifteen Days after such Service; and then upon hearing the said Complaint in a summary Manner, with the Answers, if any be made by the said Commissioners, or other Parties having Interest, the said Barons, or any three of them, are hereby authorised and required to make such Order, touching the Matter of the said Complaint, as to them hall appear just, which Order shall be final; and in case it shall import any Variation of the Roll of Valuation made by the Commissioners, that Roll or Valuation shall be altered accordingly.

CAP. XXX.

An act for encouraging the People known by the Name of Unitas Fratmm, or United Brethren,

to settle in his Majesty's Colonies in America.

WHEREAS many of the People of the Church or Congregations called the Unitas Fratmm or United Brethren, are settled in his Majesty's Colonies in America, and demean themselves there as ' a sober, quiet and industrious People; and many others of the same Persuasion are desirous to transport themselves to, and make larger Settlements in, the said Colonies at their own Expense, provided they may

be indulged with a full Liberty of Conscience, and in the Exercise of the Religion they profess; several of the said Brethren do conscientiously scruple the taking of an Oath, and likewise do conscientiously scruple bearing Arms, or personally serving in any military Capacity, although they are willing and ready to contribute whatever Sums of Money shall be thought a reasonable Compensation for such Service, and which shall be necessary for the Defence and Support of his Majesty's Person and Government: And whereas the said Congregations are an ancient Protestant Episcopal Church, which has been countenanced

and relieved by the Kings of England, your majesty's Predecessors: whereas the encouraging the said People to settle in America, will be beneficial to the said Colonies Therefore may it please your Majesty, at the humble Petition of Abraham Baron of Gerfdorjf, Lewis Baron Schrautenbach free Lord of Linelheim,

David Nitjchtnann Syndic, Charles Sehachmann Baron of Hermfdorff\ and Henry Cojfart Agent, Deputies from the said Moravian Churches, in Behalf of themselves and their United Brethren, that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and Members, f forty-nine, every Person being a Member of the said Protestant Episcopal Church, known by the Name of Unitas Fratmm Unitas Fratrurn, or the United Brethren, and which Church was formerly settled in Moravia and Bohemia, allowed to make and are nowin prussia, Poland, Silesia, Lusatia, Germany, the United Provinces, and also in his Majesty's 11 V Dominions, who shall be required upon any lawful Occafioti to take an Oath in any Case where by Law an of^n Oath"^Oath is or shall! be required, shall, instead of the usual Form, be permitted to make his or her solemn Affirmation or Declaration in these Words following

V A.B. do declare in the Presence of Almighty God, the Witness of the Truth of what I Form of af5r.

"Jj_ say." mation.

Which said solemn Affirmation or Declaration shall be adjudged and taken, and is hereby enacted and declared to be of the same Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, in all Courn of Justice, and other Places where by Law ah Oath is or shall be required within the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and

X a alia

Penalty of false Affirming.

Not to extend to Criminal Cases, cm

aravians fom moned lo do any military Service to be discharged

upon Payment of the Rate af fetfed j

and producing a certifica.e ftom some Hi (hop of the said Church, C

Penalty of false Affirming.

The Advocate to lay before the commissioners for Trade Lists of the bi ffiops appointed to grant Certificates, C

[Public Act.]

C 3 r, 32. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

also in all and every of his Majesty's Colonies and Dominions in America, 23 if such Person had taken an Oath in the usual Form.,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person making bach solemn Affirmation of Declaration, who shall he lawfully convicted, wilfully, falsely and corruptly to have affirmed or declared any Matter or Thing, which, if the same had been deposed on Oath in the usual Form, would lmc amounted to wilful and corrupt Perjury, every such Person so offending shall incur the same Pains and Penalties, as by the Law and Statutes of this Realm are enacted against Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

III. Provided, and be it enacted, i hat no Person being of the said Church or Congregation called the Moravian or United Brethren, shall by virtue of this Act be qualified to give Evidence in any Criminal causes, or to serve on Juries; anything contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who is a Member of the said Church or Congregation, who shall residein any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, who shall at any ime after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, be summoned to bear Arms, or do military Service, in any of his Majesty's said Colonies or Provinces of America, shall, on his Application to the Governor or Commander in Chief of the said Colony or Province, or to such Officer or Person, by whom such Person shill have been summoned or required to serve, or be mustered, be discharged from such Personal Service; provided that such Person, so desiring to be discharged from such Personal Service, contribute and pay such sumofmoney as shall berated andafleffed on him in lieu of such Personal Service, so as such Sum shall be rated, affelled and levied, and be in such proportion, as is usually rated, assessed, levied and paid, by other Persons reflding in the same Colony or Province, who are by reason of Age, Sex, or other Infirmity, unable to do Personal Service, and who are possessed of Estates of the same Nature as the Persons desiring such Discharge.

V. And to prevent any Doubt which may arise, whether any Person, pretending or claiming to be a Member of such Church or Congregation, is actually a Member thereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall, as a Member or Members of such Church or Congregation, claim the Benefit of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing herein contained, shall, at the Time when he or they make such Claim, produce a Certificate signed by some Bishop of the said Church, or by the Pastor of such Church or Congregation who shill be niareft to che Place where such Claim is made; and shall be examined concerning the Matters contained in the said Certificate, and the due Execution thereof; and such Person so affirming to the best of his Knowledge and Belief in Manner herein before mentioned, or proving by the Testimony of other legal witness, that the said Certificate was duly executed by such Bishop or Paftbr, and also affirming, that he is actually a Member of the said Church, known by the Name of Unitas Fratrum, or United Brethren, shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be actually a Member of the said Church or Congregation, and as such shall be entitled to the Benefit of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall be lawfully convicted of having wilfully, falsely and corruptly affirmed or declared in Manner aforesaid, that such Certificate was duly executed, or that he is a Member of such Church, when in Fast such Affirmation is untrue, such Person so falsely affirming, and being duly convicted thereof, shall incur the same Pains and Penalties, as by the Law and Statutes of this Realm are enacted against Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

VII. And that it may be known whether such Bishops and Pastors, so signing such Certificates, be of the Church known by the Name of Unitas Fratrum, or United Brethren, within the Meaning of this Act, Be it further enacted, That the Advocate of the said Church or Congregation of the United Brethren for the time being, shall lay, or cause to belaid before The Cotnmijjhmers for Trade and Plantations, in order that the same may remain in their Office, a List or Lists of all the Bishops of the said Church of the United Brethren, who are appointed by them to grant Certificates as aforesaid, together with their handwriting, and usual Seal, and that, from time to time, the said Advocate shall send ro the said Commissioners for Fradeand Plantations, the Names, handwriting, and Seals of any Bishops, that shall be hereafter ce.nfecrated and appointed by them as aforesaid, and the Names of such Pallors as shall be authorised by the said Advocate or Bishops to give Certificates in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America.

VIII. And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Public Act; and shall he judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, justicesj and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for opening and making a new Road from the East End of Neve Street in the Parish efi Saint Jehn Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highroad leading from Borough Bridge in the County of 1'oik, through Northallerton in the same County, to Craft Bridge on the River T, cs; and from thence through Darlington in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham; and for making the same more effectual.

The Act is Geo. 2. c. 0. continued for 21 Years.

A.D. 1749. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II.

c-35- 3 57

Cap. xxxnr.

An act for amending, explaining and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels and Forces by Sea.

WHEREAS the several Laws relating to the Sea Service, made at different Times, and on diffe Exud dh ' Vy rent Occasions, have been found by tixpej ier.ee not to be so full, so clear, so expedient or consist ig Geo. 2.2". ' ent with each other as they ought to be; 'For amending and explaining the said Laws, and for reducing them into one uniform A of Parliament; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December 13 Car. ». it. 1. one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King C 9* Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for establishing Articles and Orders for the regulating and better Government of his Majesty's Navies, Ships of War and Forces by Sea; and also so much of an Act passed in the 2 W. & M. it, second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act concerning ihc commij c 2- § fners of the Admiralty; as directs the Form of an Oath to be taken by every Officer present, upon all Trials of Offenders by court-martial, to be held by virtue of any Commission to be granted by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral; and also so much of an Act 6 Geo. c> passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the first, intituled, An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of fjhieen Anne, for the reviving and continuing several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, as relates to the building and repairing County Gaols; and also an Act of the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for the snore effectual Suppression of Piracy; and for making more effectual the Act of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, ' An Act for establishing Articles and Orders for the regulating and better Government of his Majesty's Navies, Ships of War and Forces by Sea as relates to the Trial and Punishment of Persons who shall commit any of the Crimes or Offences mentioned in the said Articles upon the Shore, in any Foreign Part or Parts; and also so much of an Acts passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of King George the s.Geo. ic. 24, 'first, intituled, An Act for the more effectual suppressing of Piracy; as directs the Punishment to be inflicted by a court-martial upon any Captain, Commander or other Officer of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, who shall receive on Board, or permit to be received on Board, any Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever, in order to trade or merchandise with the same (except the Goods and Merchandizes therein excepted) and also an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the regulating and better Government of his Majesty's Navies, Ships of War and Forces by Sea; and for ls C eo. 2 C 3 regulating the Proceedings upon court-martial in the Sea Service; and also an Act passed in the twenty first 21 Geo. 2. cu. Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further regulating the Proceedings upon court-martial in the Sea Service, and for extending the Discipline of the Navy to the Crews of his klajeffy's Ships wrecked, lost or taken; and for continuing to them their Wages upon certain Conditions, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. repealed.

II. And for the regulating and better Government of his Majesty's Navies, Ships of War and Forces by Sea, whereon, under the good Providence of God, the Wealth, Safety and Strength of this Kingdom chiefly depend; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred Commencement and forty-nine, the Articles and Orders herein after following, as well in Time of Peace as in Time of Articles. War, shall be duly observed and put in Execution, in Manner herein after mentioned,

1. All Commanders, Captains and Officers, in or belonging to any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of pumickwor C "War, shall cause the publics Worship of Almighty God, according to the Liturgy of the Church of Eng p 10 Per'

land established by Law, to be solemnly, orderly and reverently performed in their respective Ships; and forlr ed shall take care that Prayers and Preaching, by the Chaplains in Holy Orders of the respective Ships, be 1 performed diligently; and that the lord's Day be observed according to Law.

2. All Flag Officers, and all Persons in or belonging to his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, being Penalty of pro guilty of profane Oaths, Curlings, Execrations, Diunkenness, Uncleanness or other scandalous Actions, 1; lneswearing,

in Derogation of god's Honour, and Corruption of good Manners, shall incur such Punishment as a c ' court-martial shall think fit to impose, and as the Nature and Degree of their Offence shall deserve

If any Officer, Mariner, Soldier or other Person of the Fleet, shall give, hold or entertain Intelli Penalty ofhom ger.ee to or with any Enemy or Rebel, without Leave from the King's Majesty, or the Lord High Admi, ny Cur"

nil, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, Commander in Chief, or his with an e^cmr Commanding Officer, every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted by the Sentence of a " '

court-martial, shall be punished with Death.

4. If any Letter or Message from any Enemy or Rebel, lie conveyed to any Officer, Mariner or Sol not acquaint.

dier, or other in the Fleet, and the said Officer, Mariner, Soldier or other as aforesaid, shall not, within 7it7any twelve Hours, having Opportunity so to do, acquaint his superior Officer, or the Officer commanding in w £ "*fr0in"n ' Chief, with it; or i, any superior Officer being acquainted therewith, shall not in convenient Time re enemy;

veal the same to the Commander in Chief of the Squadron, every such Person so offending, and being convicted thereof by the Sentence of the court-martial, shall be punished with Death, or Inch other Pu ' nishment as the Nature and Degree of the Offence shall deserve, and the court-martial shall impose.

t 3. All Spies, and all Persons whatsoever, who shall rome or be, found, in the Nature of Spies, to bring of Spies, and of or deliver any iejucing Letters or Messages from any Enemy or Rebel, or endcavo^r, to corrupt any Cap deiive ingfrfn

6 tain, c!nfcletter,

of relievin' an Enemy j

of not sending all Papejs found aboard Prize Ships 5

rf taking Effects out of any Prize before condemned;

of Stripping or ill using Persons taken on Board a Prize;

of not preparing for Fighr, and encouraging the jv.en in Time of I. ion;

difeteying Orders in Time of Action? cof

Cowardice or neglect of Duty in Time of Action j

tain, Officer, Mariner or other in the Fleet, to betray his Truss, being convicted of any such Offence by the Sentence of the court-martial, shall be punished with Death, or such other Punishment as the Narine and Degree of the Offence shall deserve, and the court-martial shall impose

No Person in the Fleet shall relieve an Enemy or Rebel with Money, Victuals, Powder, Shot, Arms, Ammunition or any other Supplies whatsoever, directly or indirectly, upon Pain cf Death, or such other Punishment as the court-martial shall think fit to impose, and as the Nature and Degree of the Crime shall deserve.

7. All the Papers, Charter Parties, Bills of Lading, Passports and other Writings whatsoever, that shall be taken, seized or found aboard any Ship or Ships which shall be surprised or taken as Prize, shall be duly preserved, and the very Originals shall by the Commanding Officer of the Ship Which shall take such Prize, be sent entirely, and without Fraud, to the Court of Admiralty, or such other Court of of, as shall be authorised to determine whether such Prize be lawful Capture, there to be viewed, made use of, and proceeded upon according to Law; upon Pain that every Person offending herein, shall forfeit and lose his Share of the Capture, and shall differ such further Punishment, as the Nature and Degree of his Offence shall be found to deserve, and the court-martial shall impose.

8. No Person in or belonging to the Fleet shall take out of any Prize, or Ship seized for Prize, any Money, Plate or Goods, unless it shall be necessary for the better securing thereof, or for the necessary Use and Service of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, before the same be adjudged lawful Prize in some Admiralty Court; hut the full and entire Account of the whole, without Imbezzlement, shall be brought in, and Judgement parted entirely upon the whole without Fraud; upon Pain that every Per on offending herein shall forfeit and lose his Share of the Capture, and suffer such further Punishment as shall be imposed by a court-martial, or such Court of Admiralty, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence.

9. If any Ship or Vessel shall be taken as Prize, none of the Officers, Mariners or other Persons on Board her, shall be stripped of their Clothes, or in any sort pillaged, beaten or evil entreated; upon Pain that the Person or Persons so offending, shall be liable "to such Punishment as a court-martial shall think fit to inflidf

10. Every Flag Officer, Captain and Commander in the Fleet, who, upon Signal or Order of Sight, or Sight of any Ship or Ships which it may be his Duty to engage, or who, upon Likelihood of Engagement, shall not make the necessary Preparations for Sight, and shall not in his own Person, and according to his Place, encourage the inferior Officers and Men to fight courageously, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment, as from the Nature and Degree of the Offence a court-martial shall deem him to deserve; and if any Person in the Fleet shall treacherously or cowardly yield or cry for Quarter, every Person so offending, and being conviued thereof by the Sentence of a court-martial, shall suffer Death.

11. Every Person in the Fleet, who shall not duly observe the Orders of the Admiral, Flag Officer, Commander of any Squadron or Division, or other his superior Officer, for assailing, joining Battle with, or making Defence against any Fleet, Squadron or Ship, or shall not obey the Orders of his superior Officer as aforesaid in Time of Action, to the hest of his Power, or shall not use all possible Endeavours to put the same effectually in Plxecution, every such Person so offending, and being convicted thereof by the Sentence of the court-martial, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment, as from the Nature and Degree of the Offence a court-martial shall deem him to deserve.

12. Every Person in the Fleet, who through Cowardice, Negligence or disaffection, shall in Time of Afition withdraw or keep back, or not come into the Sight or Engagement, or shall not do his utmost to take or destroy every Ship which it shall be his Duty to engage, and to affiff and relieve all and every of his Majesty's Ships, or those of his Allies, which it shall be his Duty to affiff and relieve, every such Person so offending, and being conviifted thereof by the Sentence of a court-martial, shall suffer Death.

of not pursuing the Enemy, and o' not assisting a Friend;

of delaying or discouraging the Stivice, on Account uf Wager, cof

defeiring, or running tway with Ship or Stoi c5 j

of deferring, or inucing other.';

13. Every Person in the Fleet, who through Cowardice, Negligence or Disaffefition, shall forbear to pursue the Chase of any Enemy, Pirate or Rebel, beaten or flying; or shall not relieve or assist a known Friend in View to the utmost of his Power; being convicted of any such Offence by the Sentence of a C court-martial, shall suffer Death.

14. If when action, or any Service shall he commanded, any Person in the Fleet shall presume to de lay or difccurage the said action or Service, upon Pretence of Arrears of Wages, or upon any Pretence whatsoever, every Person so offending, being convicted thereof by the Sentence of the court-martial,

shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment, as from the Nature and Degree of the Offence a Court martial shall deem him to deserve.

15. Every Person in or belonging to the Fleet, who shall desert to the Enemy, Pirate or Rebel, or run away with any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or any Ordnance, Ammunition, Stores or Provision belonging thereto, to the weakening of the Service, or yield up the same cowardly or treacherously to the Enemy, Pirate or Rebel, being convicted of any such Offence by the Sentence of the court mar tial, shall suffer Death.

16. Every Person in or belonging to the Fleet, who shall desert or entice others so to do, shall suffer i Death, or such other Punishment as the Circumstances of the Offence shall deserve, and a court-martial shall judge fit: And if any Commanding Officer of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War uia.ll rc

ceive or entertain a Deserter from any other of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, after discovering him to be such Deserter, and shall not with all convenient Speed give Notice to the Captain of the Ship or Vessel to which such Deserter belongs; or if the said Ships or Vessels are at any considerable Distance from each other, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, or to the Commander in Chief; every Person so offending, and being converted thereof by the Sentence of the court-martial, shall be cashiered.

3 ' 17. The

Anno vicesimo fecimdo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

C 33-59

4 r7. The Officers and Seamen of all Ships appointed for Convoy and Guard of Merchant Ships, or of of not (akin?

any other, shall diligently attend upon that Charge, without Delay, according to their Infir motions in that Care of Ships Behalf; and whosoever shall be faulty therein, and shall not faithfully perform their Duty, and defend under Convoy;

the Ships and Goods in their Convoy, without either diverting to.other Parts or Occasions, or refusing or neglecting to fight in their Defence, if they be assailed, or running away cowardly, and submitting the Ships in their Convoy to Peril and Hazard; or shall demand or exact any Money or other Reward from

any Merchant or Master for convoying of any Ships or Vessels entrusted to their Care, or shall misuse the Mailers or Mariners thereof; shall be condemned to make Reparation of the Damage to the Merchants,

Owners and others, as the Court of Admiralty shall adjudge, and also be punished criminally according to

the Quality of their Offences, be it by Pains of Death or other Punishment, according as shall be adjudged sit by the court-martial.

18. If any Captain, Commander or other Officer of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, shall receive cf taking Goods on Board, or permit to be received on Board such Ship or Vessel, any Goods or Merchandizes whatso n°gold°sifr

ever, other than for the sole Use of the Ship or Vessel, except Gold, Silver or Jewels, and except the jewel's, C 4 Goods and Merchandizes belonging to any Merchant or other Ship or Vessel which may be shipwrecked,

or in imminent Danger of being shipwrecked, either on the High Seas, or in any Port, Creek or Harbour,

in order to the preserving them for their proper Owners, and except such Goods or Merchandizes as he shall at any Time be ordered to take or receive on board by Order of the Lord High Admiral of Great

1 Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being; every Person so offending, being convicted thereof by the Sentence of the court-martial, shall be cashiered

be for ever afterwards rendered incapable to serve in any Place or Office in the Naval Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors

If any Person in or belonging to the Fleet shall make or endeavour to make any mutinous aftem of mutinous e bly upon any Pretence whatsoever, every Person offending herein, and being convicted thereof by the Aflimbiies,

Sentence of the court-martial, shall suffer Death: And if any Person in or belonging to the Fleet shall 0e uttering fe £ utter any Words of Sedition or Mutiny, he shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as a Court dle10us "ords3 £ martial shall deem him to deserve: if any Officer, Mariner or Soldier in or belonging to the Fleet,

shall behave himself with Contempt to his superior Officer, such superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, he shall be punished according to the Nature of his Offence by the Judgement of a Court martial.

£ 20. If any Person in the Fleet shall conceal any traitorous or mutinous Practice or Design, being con of concealing vidled thereof by the Sentence of a court-martial, he shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as a reutincus pr?.c»

court-martial shall think fit; and if any Person, in or belonging to the Fleet, shall conceal any traitorous!, ce

mutinous Words spoken by any, to the Prejudice of his Majesty or Government, or any Words, prac or Words;

£ tice or Design, tending to the Hindrance of the Service, and shall not forthwith reveal the same to the £ Commanding Officer, or being present at any Mutiny or Sedition, shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, he shall be punished as a court-martial shall think he deserves

£ If any Person in the Fleet shall find cause of Complaint of the Unwholfemness of the Victual, or of endeavouring upon other just Ground, he shall quietly make the same known to his Superior or Captain, or Comman toftir up Dicter in Chief, as the Occasion may deserve, that such present Remedy may be had as the Matter may re ftiubar.ee, on

£ and the said Superior, Captain or Commander in Chief, shall, as far as he is able, cause the same ^"fomcness of £ to be presently remedied; and no Person in the Fleet, upon any such or other Pretence, shall attempt to va

stir up any Disturbance, upon Pain of such Punishment as a court-martial shall think fit to inflict, according to the Degree of the Offence.

£ 22. If any Officer, Mariner, Soldier or other Person in the Fleet, shall strike any of his superior Of of Striking, C

£ or draw, or offer to draw, or lift up any Weapon against him, being in the Execution of his Of afuperior Office, on any Pretence whatsoever, every such Person being convicted of any such Offence, by the Sen Kcr'

£ tence of a court-martial, shall suffer Death; and if any Officer, Mariner, Soldier or other Person in the or disobeying £ Fleet, shall presume to quarrel with any of his superior Officers, being in the Execution of his Office, or his lawful Com £ shall disobey any lawful Command of any of his superior Officers; every such Person being convinced of nlan

£ any such Offence, by the Sentence of a court-martial, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment, as £ shall, according to the Nature and Degree of his Offence, be inflicted upon him by the Sentence of a £ court-martial.

£ 23. If any Person in the Fleet shall Quarrel or Fight with any other Person in the Fleet, or use re of quarrelling,

proachful or provoking Speeches or Gestures, tending to make any Quarrel or Disturbance, he shall, upon cor using being convicted thereof, suffer such Punishment as the Offence shall deserve, and a court-martial shall reproachful

impose. sp ech;

£ 24. There shall be no wafleful Expense of any Powder, Shot, Ammunition or other Stores in the Fleet, of wacting nor any Embezzlement thereof, but the Stores and Provisions shall be carefully preferred; upon Pain of Stores, C

such Punishment to be inflicted upon the Offenders, Abettors, Buyers and p^eceivers (being Persons subject to Naval Discipiine) as shall be by a court-martial found justin that Behalf.

£ 23. Every Person in the Fleet, who shall unlawfully burn or set Fire to any Magazine or Store of of burning any Powder, or Ship, Boat, Catch, Hoy or Vessel, or Tackle or Furniture thereunto belonging, not then Magazine or appertaining to an Enemy, Pirate or Rebel, being convicted of any such Offence, by the Sentence of a^ilare to "if 4 court-martial, shall suffer Death. Enemy; "

26. Care shall be taken in the conducting and fleering of any of his Majesty's 'ships, that through Will of neg]'fi; n 4 fullness, Negligence or aether Defaults, no Ship be flranded, or run upon any Rocks or Sands, or split or condufling and hazarded; upon Pain, that such as shall be found guilty therein, be punished by Death, or such other Pu fleering;

nishment, as the Offence by a court-martial shall be judged to deserve.

4 27. No

x6o

ef Ileepinj on Watch, fcc.

of Murder,

Bjggery,

Robbery,

False hjufters,

not apprehending Prisoners, and permitting E Rapes

scandilous, oppressive or fraudulent Behaviour of Officers Mutiny, desertion or disobedience on Shore j

committing on Shore any of the Crimes puniarab'e by these Articles,

Other Crimes not Capital, C to be punished according to the Custom of the Navy,

No imprisonment to be ion ger than two Years,

court-martial not to try any Offences, except those specified in the 5- 14) 35 Articles, which fluff not be committed within the jurisdiction of the Admiralty

No Soldier on Board any Transport to be tried by a Naval court-martial. The Admiralty empowered to grant commissions for holding court-martial. Commander in Chief dying, C the next in Command to hold court-martial.

Officer next m Command where there are ffye

C 33. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

27. No Person in or belonging to the Fleet shall flcep upon his Watch, or negligently perform the Duty imposed on him, or forsake his Station, upon Pain of Death, or such other Punishment as a court mar tial shall think fit to impose, and as the Circumstances of the Case shall require.

28. All Murders committed by any Person in the Fleet, shall be punished with Death by the Sentence of a court-martial.

29. If any Person in the Fleet shall commit the unnatural and detestable Sin of Buggery or Sodomy with Man or Beall, he shall be punished with Death by the Sentence of a court-martial.

30. All Robbery committed by any Person in the Fleet, shall be punished with Death, or otherwise, ' as a court-martial, upon Consideration of Circumstances, shall find meet.

31. Every Officer or other Person in the Fleet, who shall knowingly make or signa false Muster or Mu 4 fter book, or who ball command, counsel or procure the making or signing thereof, or who strall aid or

abet any other Person in the making or signing thereof, shall, upon Proof of any such Offence being made before a court-martial, be cashiered, and rendered incapable of further Employment in his Majesty's 6 Naval Service.

32. No provost martial belonging to the Fleet shall refuse to apprehend any Criminal, whom he shall be authorised by legal Warrant to apprehend, or to receive or keep any Prisoner committed to his Charge, or wilfully fuller him to escape, being once in his Custody, or dismiss him without lawful Order, upon Paiti of such Punishment as a court-martial shall deem him to deserve; and all Captains, Officers and others in the Fleet, shall do their Endeavour to detecsl, apprehend and bring to Punishment all Offenders,

and shall assist the Officers appointed for that Purpose therein, upon Pain of being proceeded against, and

punished by a court-martial, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence.

33. If any Flag Officer, Captain or Commander, or Lieutenant belonging to the Fleet, shall be con vified before a court-martial of behaving in a fcamlalous, infamous, cruel, oppressive or fraudulent Man ner, unbecoming the Character of an Officer, he shall be dismissed from his Majesty's Service.

34. Every Person being in actual Service and full Pay, and Part of the Crew in or belonging to any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, who shall be guilty of Mutiny, Desertion or Disobedience to any lawful Command, in any Part of his Majesty's Dominions on Shcfre, when in actual Service relative to the Fleet, shall be liable to be tried by a court-martial, and suffer the like Punishment for every such

as if the same had been committed at Sea on Board any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War.

35. If any Person who shall be in the actual Service and full Pay of his Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War, shall commit upon the Shore, in any Place or Places out of his Majesty's Dominions, any of the Crimes punishable by these Articles and Orders, the Person so offending shall be liable to be tried and pu nished for the same, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Crimes had been committed at Sea, on Board any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War.

36. All other Crimes not Capital committed by any Person or Persons in the Fleet, which are not mentioned in this Act, or for which no Punishment is hereby directed to be inflicted, shall be punished according to the Laws and Customs in such Cases used at Sea.'

III. Provided always, That no Person convicted of any Offence hall, by the Sentence of any court-martial to be held by virtue of this Act, be adjudged to be imprisoned for a longer Term than the Space of two Years.

IV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to im -- power any court-martial to be constituted by virtue of this Act, to proceed to the Punishment or Trial of any of the Offences specified in the several Articles contained in this Act, or of any Offence whatsoever (other than the Offences specified in the fifth, thirty fourth and thirty fifth of the fore going Articles and Orders) which shall not be committed upon the main Sea, or in great Rivers only, beneath the Bridges of the said Rivers nigh to the Sea, or in any Haven, River or Creek within the jurisdiction of the Admiralty, and which shall not be committed by such Persons as at the Time of the Offence committed shall be in actual Service and full Pay in the Fleet or ships of War of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, such Persons only excepted, and for such Offences only, as are described in the fifth of the foregoing Articles and Orders.

V. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to empower any court-martial to be constituted by virtue of this Act to proceed to the Punishment or Trial of any Land Officer or Soldier on Board any Transport Ship, for any of the Offences specified in the several Articles contained in this Act.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the time being, shall have full Power and Authority to grant Commissions to any Officer commanding in Chief any Fleet or Squadron of Ships of War, to call and assemble court-martial, consisting of Commanders and Captains; and that in case any Officer commanding in Chief any Fleet or Squadron of Ships of War, (who shall he authorised by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, to call and assemble court-martial in Foreign Parts) shall happen to die, or be recalled, or removed from his Command, then the Officer upon whom the Command of the said Fleet or Squadron shall devolve, and so, from time to time, the Officer who shall have the Command of the Fleet or Squadron, shall have the same Power to call and assemble court-martial, as the first Commander in Chief of the said Fleet or Squadron was invested with.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Commander in Chief of any Fleet or Squadron of his Majesty's Ships or Detachment thereof, consisting of more than five Ships, shall preside

A.D. 1749. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 33. 161

at any court-martial in Foreign Parts, but that the Officer next in Command to such Officer commanding to prefix in Chief, shall hold such court-martial and preside thereat; any Law, custom or Usage to the contrary at courr< mar notwithstanding. tial in Foreign

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thou palts fan CL seven hundred and forty-nine, in case any Commander in Chief in any Fleet or Squadron of his Ma Commanders in jessy's Ships or Vessels of War in Foreign Parts, shall detach any Part of such Fleet or Squadron, every erh, [/cc0'mm°an" Commander in Chief shall, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Writing under his Hand, to im dersofasqua power the Chief Commander of the Squadron or Detachment so ordered on such separate Service (and in dron on separate case of his Death or Removal, the Officer to whom the Command of such separate Squadron or Detach Service, to hold ment shall belong) to hold court-martial, during the Time of such separate Service, or until the Com courts martlai* rounder of the said Detachment for the time being shall return to his Commander in Chief, or shall come under the Command of any other his superior Officer, or return to Great Britain or Ireland.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any five or more of his Majesty's Ships If; or more

or Vessels of War shall happen to meet together in Foreign Parts, then and in such Case, it shall be lawful jilt*"the senior Officer of the said Ships or Vessels to hold court-martial, and preside thereat, from time to fhefenio/ot time, as there shall he Occasion, during so long ri ime as the said Ships or Vessels of War, or any five or ficer to bjld more of them, shall continue together. court-martial.

X. Provided nevertheless, and be it also enacted, That where any material Objection occurs, which may where the third render if improper for the Person who is next in Command to the senior Officer or Commander in Chief of officer in Carnally Fleet or Squadron of his Majesty's Ships of War in Foreign Parts to hold court-martial, or preside mind to preside, thereat, in such Case it shall he lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the

Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, as also the Commander in Chief of any such Fleet or Squadron of his Majesty's Ships in Foreign Parts, respectively to appoint the third Officer in Command to preside at or hold such court-martial.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand The Admiralty seven hundred and forty-nine, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Com imyoweredtu missioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, and they are hereby respectappoint officers lively authorised, from time to time, as there shall be Occasion, to diredh any Flag Officer, or Captain of thep<yts of any of his Majesty's Ships of War, who shall be in any Port of Great Britain or Ireland, to hold Courts" &" martial in any such Port, provided such Flag Officer or Captain be the first, second or third in Command of court-martial, such Port, as shall be found most expedient, and for the Good of his Majesty's Service; and such Flag Officer or Captain, so directed to hold court-martial, shall preside at such court-martial; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the twenty fifth.day of December one thou court-martial sand seven hundred and forty-nine, no court-martial, to be held or appointed by virtue of this present at, not to consist of shall consist of more than thirteen, or of less than five Persons, to be composed of such Flag Officers, Captains

or Commanders then and there present, as are next in Seniority to the Officer who presides at the ofikets. " ns court-martial.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall The officer not extend, or be construed to extend, to authorise or empower the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissionersdirefl the Par for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or any Officer empowered to order or hold court-martial, Uculjr Number to direct or ascertain the particular Number of Persons of which any court-martial, to be held or appointed

by virtue of this present Act, shall consist.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That incase any court-martial shall, by Where there arc

virtue of this Act, be appointed to be held at any Place where there are not less than three, nor yet so many 3 Port Cn Drains, as five Officers of the Degree and Denomination of a Post Captain, or of a superior Rank to be found, the frefijent to then it shall be lawful for the Officer, at the Place appointed for holding such court-martial, who is to pre dervun^mhac' side at the same, to call to his Assistance as many of the Commanders of his Majesty's Vessels, under the e

Rank and Degree of a Post Captain, as, together with the Post Captains then and there present, will make

up the Number of five, to hold such court-martial.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thou Penalty if a

sand seven hundred and forty-nine, no Member of any court-martial, after the Trial is begun, hall go on Member of the Shore till Sentence be given, but remain on Board the Ship in which the Court shall first afi emble, except "rt s on in case of Sickness, to be judged of by the Court, upon Pain of being cashiered from his Majesty's Service; be un.

nor shall the Proceedings of the said Court be delayed by the Absence of any of its Members, provided a p eedinos nor sufficient Number doth remain to compose the said Court, which shall and is hereby required to sit from t0veylayed, Day today (Sunday always excepted) until the Sentence be given.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thou oaperscompi sand seven hundred and forty-nine, upon all Trials of Offenders by any court-martial, all the Officers pre fingacourt sent who are to constitute the said court-martial, shall, before they proceed to such Trial, take such Oath to ce as is herein after mentioned, upon the Holy Evangelists, before the Court; which Oath the Judge Advo sworn*

cate, or his Deputy, or the Person appointed to officiate as such, is hereby authorised and required to administer in the Words following (that is to say)

I A.B. do swear, That I will duly administer Justice, according to the Articles and Orders established The Oath,

JL by an Act passed in the twenty second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second,

for amending, explaining and reducing into one Act of parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, vessels and Forces by Sea, without Partiality, Favour or Affection; and if any Case shall arise, which is not particularly mentioned in the said Articles and Orders, I will duly administer Justice according to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and the Custom of the Navy in

162 C. 33. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

the like Cases; and I do further swear, That I will not upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, dif close or discover the Vote or Opinion cf any particular Member of this court-martial, unless thereunto required by aci of Parliament.'

'So help me GOD.

Judge Advocate Amd so soon as the said Oath shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the to be sworn. Court is hereby authorised and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating 2s such, an Oath in the following Words:

A.B. do swear, That I will not upon any Account at any Time whatsoever, difelofe or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of this court-martial, unless thereunto required by Act of Parliament.'

So help me GOD.

Penalty of re

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thou fusing to give fond seven hundred and forty-nine, in case any Person in the Fleet, being called upon to give Evidence at V Jri eating' a mi" any court-martial, shall refuse to give his Evidence upon Oath, or shall prevaricate in his Evidence, or be

of Contempt to the Court:

of Perjury or Subornation,

5 Eliz. C 9.

2, Geo. z,

c. 25.

The Offence only to be set forth in Information, C

Report to be

have with Contempt to the Court, it shall and may be lawful for such court-martial to punish every such Offender by Imprisonment, at the Discretion of the Court, such Imprisonment not to continue longer than three Months, in case of such Refusal or Prevarication, nor longer than one Month in the case of such Contempt; and that all and every Person and Persons who shall commit any wilful Perjury, in any Evidence or Examination upon Oath at any such court-martial, or who shall corruptly procure or suborn any Person to commit such wilful Perjury, shall and may be prosecuted in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, by Indictment or Information; and every Issue joined in any such Indictment or Information shall be tried by good and lawful Men of the County of Middlesex, or such other County as the said Court of King's Bench shall direct; and all and every Person and Persons, being lawfully convicted upon any such Indiblment or Information shall be punished with such Pains and Penalties, as are inflicted for the like Offences respectively by two Acts of Parliament, the one made in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, entitled, An Aid for Punishment of such Persons os shall procure or commit any wilful Perjury, and the other, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the more effectual preventing and further Punishment of Forgery, Perjury and Subornation of Perjury; and to make it Felony to jleal Bonds, Notes or other Securities for Payment of Money.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Information or Indictment to be prosecuted by virtue of this Act for any such Offence, it shall be sufficient to set forth the Offence charged upon the Defendant, without Petting forth the Commission or Authority for holding the court-martial, and without setting forth the particular Matter tiied or to be tried, or directed or intended to be tried before such Court.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thou

r made to the Ad fond seven hundred and forty-nine, no Sentence of Death given by any court-martial held within the nar be/nr7sente nce rovv Seas (except in Cases of Mutiny) shall be put in Execution till after the Report of the Proceedings of of Death, except ^lc said Court shall have been made to the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the of in Cases of Mu fice of Lord Pligh Admiral, and his or their Directions shall have been given therein; and if the said Court tiny. shall have been held beyond the Narrow Seas, then such Sentence of Death shall not be carried into Exertion

but by Order of the Commander of the Fleet or Squadron wherein Sentence was passed; and in Cases where Sentence of Death shall be passed in any Squadron, detached from any other Fleet or Squadron upon a separate Service, then such Sentence of Death (except in Cases of Mutiny) shall not be put in Execution, but by Order of the Commander of the Fleet or Squadron from which such Detachment shall have been made, or of the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord high Admiral; and in Cases where Seistence of Death shall be passed in any court-martial held by the senior Officer of five or more of his Majesty's Ships, which shall happen to meet together in Foreign Parts pursuant to the Power herein before given, then such Sentence of Death (except in Cases of Mutiny) shall not he car

Adr

or Commissioners for executing the Office of

ried into Execution but by Order of the Lord High Lord High Admiral.

XX. And be it further enacted and declared, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December 011c thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, the Judge Advocate of any Fleet for the time being, or his Deputy, shall have full Power and Authority, and is hereby required to administer an Oath to any Witness at any Trial by court-martial; and in the Absence of the Judge Advocate and his Deputy, the court-martial shall have full Power and Authority to appoint any Person to execute the Office of Judge Advocate.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of

December one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, all the Poxvtrs given by the several Articles and ores by this Act, shall remain and be in full Force with respect to the Crews of such of his Ma

1 jesty's Ships as shall be wrecked, or be otherwise loll or deflroved; and all the Command, Power and Au

Judge Advocate to administer Oath to witnesses.

Articles to be in Force with re

deilrojed.

thoriry given to the Officers of the said Ship or Ships, shall remain and he in full Force as effectually as if

such Ship or Ships to which they did belong were not f wrecked, loll or destroyed, until they shall be regu. huly discharged from his Majesty's further Service, or removed into same other of his Majesty's Ships of War, or until a court-martial shall he held, pursuant to the Custom of the Navy in such Cases, to inquire into The Poyof such the Causes of the Loss of the said Ship or Ships: And if upon such Inquiry it shall appear by the Sentence Ships rciu vcd. of the court-martial that all, or any of the Officers or Seamen of the said "Ship or Ships did their utmost to preserve, get oft' or recover the said Ship or Ships, and since the Loss thereof have behaved themselves obediently

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II.

C

163

A.D. 1749.

n n

0 O'

diently to their superior Officers, according to the Discipline of the Navy and the said Articles and Orders herein before established, then all the Pay and Wages of the said Officers and Seamen, or of such of them as shall have done their Duty as aforesaid, shall continue and go on, and be paid to the Time of their discharge or Death; or if they shall be then alive, to the Time of the holding of such court-martial, or Removal into some other of his Majesty's Ships of War; and every such Officer and Seaman of any of his Majesty's Ships of War, who after the Wreck or Lois of his Ship shall act contrary to the Discipline of the Navy, and the several Articles and Orders herein before established, or any of them, shall be sentenced by the said court-martial, and punished as if the Ship to which he did belong was not so wrecked, lost or destroyed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thou The Pay of th hand seven hundred and forty-nine, all the the Pay and Wages of such Officers and Seamen of any of his Officers and majesty's Ships as are taken by the Enemy, and upon Inquiry at a court-martial shall appear by the Sen ['^ne^v, vh tence of the said Court to have done their utrnoft to defend the said Ship or Ships, and since the taking, A behaved ° thereof, to have behaved themselves obediently to their superior Officers, according to the Discipline of the well, referred. Navy, and the said Articles and Orders herein before established, shall continue and go on, and be paid, from the Time of their being so taken, to the Time of the holding of such court-martial, or until they shall he regularly discharged from his Majesty's Service, or removed into some other of his Majesty's Ships of War, or (if they shall die in Captivity, or not live to the Time of the holding of such court-martial) to the Time of their Death, in such Manner, and not otherwise, as if the said Ship or Ships to which they did belong respectively, vas not or were not so taken.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons not flying from Justice, No Person, not shall be tried or punished by any court-martial for any Offence to be committed against this Act, unless the ln fr^m Jft" Complaint of such Offence be made in Writing to the Lord High Admiral, or to the Commissioners for ^xfcomplaint executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any Commander in Chief of his Ma; writing be jesty's Squadrons or Ships empowered to hold court-martial, or unless a court-martial to try such Often made to tke der shall be ordered by the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners, or the said Commander in Admiralty, C Chief, either within three Years after such Offence shall be committed, or within one Year after the Re or/rc? turn of the Ship, or of the Squadron, to which such Offender shall belong, into any of the Ports of Great A A Years 'or Britain or Ireland; or within one Year after the Return of such Offender into Great Britain or Ireland within one Year C

XXIV. And whereas by the said Act, intituled, An Act for the more effectual suppressing of Piracy, it is after the Return

amongst other Things enacted in the following Words, That the said Captain, Commander or other Of of the ship or

fleer of the said Ship or Vessel of War, and all and every the Owners and Proprietors of such Goods and °; 'ender Merchandizes, put on Board such Ship or Vessel of "War as aforesaid, shall lose, forfeit and pay the Va

lue of all and every such Goods and Merchandizes so put on Board as aforesaid; Moiety of such full

Value to such Person or Persons as shall make the first Discovery, and give Information of or concerning

the said Offence; the other Moiety of such full Value, to and for the Use of Greenwich Hospital \

which Forfeitures shall and may be sued forand recovered in the High Court of Admiralty Now for making the said in Part recited Act more useful and effectual, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That pen3]ty cfor from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, if any Cap fleers receiving tain, Commander or other Officer of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, shall receive on Board, or person boardg00j;, mit or suffer to be received on Board such ship.or Vessel, any Goods or Merchandizes, contrary to the true

Intent and Meaning of the eighteenth Article in this Act before mentioned and hereby enacted; such Captain, Commander or other Officer shall, for every such Offence, over and above any Punishment inflicted by this Act, forfeit and pay the Value of all and every such Goods and Merchandizes so received or permitted, or buffered to be received, on Board as aforesaid, or the Sum of five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, at the Election of the Informer, or Person who shall sue for the same, so that no more than one of these Penalties or Forfeitures shall be sued for and recovered by virtue of this and the said in Part recited Act, or either of them, against the same Person for one and the same Offence; one Moiety Application of of which Penalties or Forfeitures shall be forfeited and paid to the Person who shall inform or sue for the the forfeiture, same, and the other Moiety thereof, to and for the Use of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; which Forfei Method of

Iture shall be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Recovery. Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the High Court of Admiralty, at the Election of the Informer, or Person who shall sue for the same; and the Court shall award such Costs to the Parties as shall be just; The Court ro in all Cases where Judgement or Sentence shall be given against any such Offender, the Court where such Judge CC'JV tl'e mentor Sentence shall be given, shall, with all convenient Speed, certify the same to the Lord High Admi lamen? ral, or to the Commissioners for executing the said Office. J'b

XXV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend to Limitation of take away from the Lord Hi; h Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office od Powers of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or any Vice Admiral, or any Judge or Judges of the Admiralty, or this Act(

( or their Deputy or Deputies, or any other Officers or Ministers of the Admiralty, or any others having or claiming any Admiral Power, Jurisdiction or Authority within this Realm, or any other the King's Do 1 minions, or from any Person or Court whatsoever, any Power, Right, Jurisdiction, pre etninence or Authority, which he or they, or any of them, lawfully hath, have or had, or ought to have and enjoy, before the making of this Act, so as the same Person shall not be punished twice for the same Offence.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That the Repeal of the said before recited Statutes, or Repeal of tfi? any Part thereof, or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be deemed to extend to discharge or avoid, or prevent any Prosecution or Suit commenced, or at any Time hereafter to be commenced' against rc7uri0nor ox any Person or Persons, for any Offence committed on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of December one fences u.mnrit thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, or to be committed against the said Statutes, or any Part or Parts ted on ortefere thereof, but that all Persons who have been, or shall, before the said twenty-fifth Day of December, be 25 Dec. 1749.

Y 2 _ guilty

Thit AS? is tx te ded by 29 Geo. 5. C 27 and jcc 28 Geo. 2. i 11. 30 Geo. 2. r. 11,

guilty of any such Offence, shall and may be prosecuted, sued, condemned and punished for the same, as well after as before the said twenty-fifth Day of December, as if the said Statutes had not been repealed.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making a new Road, and for repairing and amending the ancient Road between the Towns of Wilbech and March, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge,

PR.

The Act 3 Geo. 2. c. 24. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to a Place called Shcetbridge near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton; and also the Road from Hindhead Heath, through Fernhurst Lane and Midhurji, to the City of Chichester in the County of

sussex.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.

CAP. XXXVI.

Tor former Laws An Act for the more effectual preventing the Importation and Wear of Foreign Embroidery trdii?e^rcfir and Brocade, and of Gold and silver Thread, Lace or other work made of Gold cr Silver to2 % ed.uc. 20. Wire manufactured in Foreign Parts.

5h. 4. C 13. 0

2 H. 2. C 4. 8 5. r. 4 2 H. 6. C 14. 4 H, 7. c. 2. 18 £/. C 15. 15 Car. 2. C 7. 1 TV. & Af. flat. 1. C 39. 6 £? 7 TV. 3. C 17; 7

3. C 19. 8 jjpi 3. C 8.93. C 28. 12 3. C 4. 1 Ann. flat. 1. c. 9. 10 Ann. C 26. 6 (7^. 1. tr. 11. 12 (?w. 2* f. 26. 15 w, 2»*. 20.

Penalty on importing Foreign Embroidery, or Gold or Silver Brocade.

Venders or Makers up of Foreign Embroidery, C to forfeit tco 1. and the Garment to be burnt,

Foreign Embroidery, Sec which shall be feszed after 1 July 1749, to le burnt,

2nd the Dealer, See. to forfeit

jo.ol,

thcembroidery, CC with the Garments, to be burnt.

WHEREAS great Quantities of Foreign Embroidery, Gold and Silver Thread, Lace, Fringe and Brocade, continue to be daily brought into, and sold within this Kingdom, and great Sums of Money fte daily exported out of this Kingdom for the buying and fetching in of those Commodities, the Importation whereof is contrary to several Acts of Parliament made for prohibiting the same for Redress whereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, no Foreign Embroidery, or Gold or Silver Brocade, hall be imported or brought into Great Britain, upon Pain of being forfeited and burnt, and upon the further Penalty of one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer thereof for each Piece or Parcel so imported.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, no Mercer, Laceman, Haberdasher, Upholder, Milliner, Taylor, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall vend, utter, sell or expose to Sale, or exchange, barter, truck or otherwise dispose of, any Foreign Embroidery, Gold or Silver Thread, Lace, Fringe, Brocade, or any other Work made thereof, or of Gold or Silver Wire or Plate, wove, wrought, fabricated or manufactured in Foreign Parts, or few, work or make up the same, for, in or uj>on any Garment or wearing Apparel whatsoever; Pain that all and every such Foreign Embroidery, Gold or Silver Thread, Lace, Fringe, Brocade or other Work made thereof, or of Gold or Silver Wire, or Plate, so sold or exposed to sale, exchanged, bartered, trucked or disposed of, or lowed, worked or made up, for, in or upon any Garment or Wearing Apparel, and the Garment, Wearing Apparel or other Materials, in, with or upon which the same shall be so sewed, wrought or made up, shall be forfeited and burnt; and all and every Person or Persons who shall vend, utter, sell or expose to Sale, exchange, barter, truck or dispose of, or knowingly few, work or make up, or cause or procure to be worked or made up, for, in or upon any Garment or Wearing Apparel, any such Foreign Embroidery, Gold or Silver Thread, Lace, Fringe, Brocade or other Work, wove, wrought, fabricated or manufactured in Foreign Parts, hall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain.

III. And be it further enacted by die Authority aforesaid, That all Foreign Embroidery and Gold or Silver Thread, Lace, Fiinge, Brocade or other Wok made thereof, or of Gold or Silver Wire or Plate, wove, wrought, fabricated or manufactured in Foreign Parts, which, after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, shall be seized within this Kingdom, whether the same shall be mixed with, sewed on, or made up, together with any other Goods or Materials, or otherwise, and the Apparel, Garment or other Materials, in, with cr upon which the same shall be mixed, sewed or made up, shall be forfeited, and after Condemnation shall be burnt; and the Mercer, Laceman, Haberdasher, Upholder, Milliner, Taylor or other Dealer in, or Vender or Maker up of, any of the said Manufactures, in whole House, Warehouse, Custody or Possession the same shall be so sound and seized, being thereof convicted, shall, for each Piece or Parcel of such Foreign Embroidery, Gold or Silver Thread, Lace, Fringe, Brocade or other Work made thereof, or of Gold or Silver Wire or Plate, that shall be seized and found in his, her or their House, Shop, Warehouse, Custody or Possession as aforesaid, and which shall have been brought, placed or continued there, with his, her or their Knowledge, Pi ivity or Consent, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Foreign Embroidery, Gold or Silver Thread, Lace, Fringe, Brocade or other Work made thereof, or of Gold or Silver Wire or Plate seized by virtue of this or any other Act, hall, after Condemnation, be together with the Garmen', Wearing Apparel or other Materials, in, with or upon which the same shall be mixed, sewed, wrought or made up,

publicity

A.D. 1749. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II.

C 37. 165

publicly burnt at such Places as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland respectively shall direct.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures in Prosecution this Acts mentioned, shall and may be prosecuted and determined by Bill, Plaint or Information in any of Penalties and his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, where Application, in no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and

one Moiety of the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the Use of the King's Majesty, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as will sue for or prosecute the same.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Question or Doubt shall arise, The Proof to lie where the said Goods were manufactured, the Proof shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer of such Goods, up<'.n the

or the Person prosecuted for being guilty of an Offence against this act, and not upon the Prosecutor; clal, ner*

Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to in the Wearer to flict any Penalty on the "Wearer of any Foreign Embroidery, Gold or Silver Thread, Lace, Fringe, bro 'ncurno Penalty, cade or other Work made thereof, or of Gold or Silver Wire or Plate; anything herein contained to the

contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That all Informations, Bills, actions and Limitation of Suits, that shall be had, brought, commenced, sued or exhibited for any Forfeiture or Offence committed a£ll?ns' against this or any of the former acts of Parliament, which prohibit the Importation or Sale of Foreign Embroidery, Gold or Silver Thread, Lace, Fringe, Brocade or other Work made thereof, or of Gold or

Silver Wire or Plate, or any of them, shall and may be had, brought, commenced, sued and exhibited within twelve Calendar Months after the Discovery of such Offence, and in case of Seizure, within three Months after such Seizure shall be made; any former ACI or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued or prosecuted for what either he or they shall do in the execution of this act, he or they may plead the General General Tue. Blue, and give this act, and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their action or actions; or if a verdict shall pass against him, her or them, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, for which they shall have the like Remedy, Golis' as in other Cases where Costs are allowed to Defendants. Gk ic \\

Geo. 2. c. 21. 32 Geo. 2. c. 2a.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for the better securing his Majesty's Duties arising upon Coal, Culm and Cinders, exported beyond Sea.

WHEREAS by the Laws now in Force, the Matters of all Ships and Vessels used and employed in For former Du carrying Coals, Culm and Cinders Coastwise, from Port to Port within the Kingdom of Great Bri to9e?

tain, do at the several and respective Ports, where and at the Time when Coals, Culm and Cinders are shipped or laden on Board their Ships or Vessels, enter into Bond to his Majesty with Security for the De ciozi"

livery of their respective Ladings of Coals, Culm and Cinders in some other Port or Creek in Great Bric'. 4.9 Ann.'

tain: And whereas many of the said Matters of Ships and Vessels so laden with Coals, Culm or Cinders, C 6. £? 22.

to be carried Coastwise, do, under Pretence of being forced by contrary Winds and Stress of Weather, 12 fiat. 1.

carry and convey, and dispose of their said Ladings of Coals, 'culm and Cinders in Foreign Parts beyond the C 9- 6 Ga' J

Seas, without having first paid the Customs and Overfea Duties due to his Majesty for the same upon the C

Exportation thereof, and which they ought to have paid at the Port where their Cargoes of Coals, Culm or Cinders were laden, before their Departure out of the said Port; which praaice tends to the promoting and encouraging of Fraud, and is a great Prejudice to the publick Revenue Therefore for the preventing such fraudulent Practices, and the Consequences thereof for the future. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty Nq Officer to fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, it shall not be law clear outwards full for any Collector, Comptroller, Customer, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter or other Officer or Officers of r nv Vfffcls, the Customs whatsoever, or their Deputy or Deputies, in any Port, Harbour, Haven, Creek or other Place j

whatsoever within the Kingdom of Great Britain, to clear outwards any Ship or Vessel whatsoever wherein'w'1 Coals, Culm or Cinders shall have been exported and carried from any Port or Place whatsoever in Great Britain, to any Port or Place whatsoever in Parts beyond the Seas, nor to sign, issue forth, or grant any'

Warrant, Cocquet, let pass, Transire, Sufferance, Return, Discharge or other Dispatch or Dispatches, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, for the clearing outwards, either for a Coasting or a Foreign Voyage, any such Ship or Vessel, wherein Coals, Culm or Cinders shall have been laden in Great Britain, and delivered in Foreign Parts, or for the loading or laying on Board thereon, any Goods or Merchandise whatsoever, nor to permit or suffer any such Ship or Vessel to go out of any Poit, Harbour, Haven, Creek or other Place whatsoever in Great Britain, until the Master, Commander or other Person or Persons taking Charge until thccu

preceding Voyage file made, or until they shall and do produce and show" unto such Officer or Officers of jut; ed the Customs, or their Deputy or Deputies, an authentic Certificate under the Hands and Seals of the Office of the coile&or, Customer and Comptroller, or other Chief Officer or Officers of the Customs, of or belonging to the Port, Harbour, Haven, Creek or other Place in Great Britain, where the Coals, Culpi or Cinders (so exported and conveyed into Foreign Parts) were first Slipped and laden on Board such Ship or.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

Vessel, iignifyiing that such Master, Commander, Owner or other Person, or some or one of them, or their Agents, hath fully answeied, paid and satisfied all and every the Customs and other Duties due and payable to his Majesty, for all such Coals, Culm and Cinders so carried and exported into Foreign Parts beyond the Seas as aforesaid, by such Ship or other Vessel the last preceding Voyage made by such Ship or vessel; and in case any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or his Deputy, hall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand feveri hundred and forty-nine, clear any Ship or Vessel outwards, or signor grant any Warrant, Cocquet, let pass, Transire, Sufferance, Return, Discharge or other Dispatch whatsoever, either for the clearing such Ship or Vessel outwards, for a Foreign or Coasting Voyage, or for the loading or laying on Board thereon any Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever, or shall permit or suffer any such Ship or Vessel to so out of any Port, Harbour, Haven, Creek or other Place in Great Britain, before the Customs and other Duties due for all the Coals, Culm or Cinders exported in her, the last preceding Voyage fire made, be fully paid and satisfied to his Majesty, or until a Certificate of the Payment thereof at some other Port, be produced in the Manner and Form herein before mentioned; all and every such Officer and Officers, or his or their respective Deputy or Deputies, so acting contrary to the true Intent and Mean penalty 100l. Jug of this Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds 10 his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

Limitation of

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com

Aaions. menced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defen

C cnerai issue. dants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants: and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Treble Costs. Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

Penalty on Ma

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth flers of Ships, Day Of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, if any Master, Commander or other Person, ta king Charge or Care of any Ship or other Vessel whatsoever, whereon Coals, Culm and Cinders shall be la luien1 to be den 'n any Port, Harbour, Haven, Creek or other Place in Great Britain, in order to be carried Coastwise tried Coast to some other Port or Place within the Realm, or having given Bond accordingly, shall proceed with his wife, proceed said Loading of Coals, Culm or Cinders, to Parts beyond Seas, and there unlade, deliver and dispose of the ing with the same, or any Part thereof, not being compelled thereto by Stress of Weather, or other lawful Necessity; g beyond the all and every such Masters, Commander or other Person, taking Charge or Care of such Ship or Vessel, Cementing Ceah shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay for every Chaldron of Coals, Culm or Cinders so exported, see farther 1, 3 unladen, delivered and disposed of, contrary to the Tenor and true Meaning of this AI, the Sum of five gei.z. c. 26. Shillings, over and above all Duties payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for or in respeifl of ao Geo. 2. 019, the farne, to be recovered by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts 3'C"J' C 's' of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively, wherein no eitoin, Pro 33 Gel'. 2. C 15! testion, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; one Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person or Persons as shall inform or sue for the same.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act to prevent the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in any one Place, or carrying too great Quantities of Gunpowder together from one Place to another.

16 Car, I. r. II

I Jjc, 2. C 8.

5 Geo. I. C 26.

II. Geo. L C 13. 4 Geo. 2. c. 29. 15 Geo. 2. c. 52.

No Person to keep for more thun Hours, above 400 we^htof Gunpowder near any City, C nor above 3000 weight in any Place.

2 Justices on Application of a Parish Officer, or a Houfliohi

WHEREAS great Quantities of Gunpowder are frequently lodged in Warehouses, or other Edifices, within and near to Cities and Market Towns, to the apparent Danger of the Lives and for ' tunes of many thousands of his Majesty's Subjects: Therefore, for preventing the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping, too great Quantities of Gunpowder in any one Place, or carrying too great Quantities of Gunpowder together from one Place to another, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefenr Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to have or keep Gunpowder for more than the Space of twenty-four Hours at any one Time, in greater Quantity than four hundred Pounds Weight, in any House, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar or other Place In any City, or the Suburbs thereof, or in any Market Town, or within one hundred Yards Distance thereof, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or within two Miles of any of the King's Palaces or Houses of Residence, or within one Mile of any of the King's Magazines for keeping Gunpowder; nor shall it be lawful for any Person or Persons to have or keep, for more than the Space of twenty-four Hours at any one Time, a greater Quantity than thirty hundred Pounds Weight of Gunpowder in any House, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar or Vault, or in any other Place whatsoever, within that Part of Great Britain called England, except as hereafter is excepted.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, it shall and may be lawful for any two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place, wherein any Person or Persons ma

3 'king,

A.D. 1749. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii L C 38. 167

king, dealing or trading in Gunpowder, or having Gunpowder in his, her or their Keeping or pofu ffion, to ifiuc in any House, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar or other Place, shall reside, upon Demand made, and a reasonable Cause assigned for such Demand, by any Parish Officer, or by any two or more Housholders rjn inhabiting within any Parish or Place, wherein such Gunpowder is so kept, to blue a Warrant or Warrants for searching, in the daytime, such House, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar or other Place; and for that Purpose to break open the Door of such House, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar or other Place, if there shall be Occasion; if upon any such Search more than four hundred Pounds Weight of Gun and if there dial] powder shall be found in any House, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar or other Place, in any City, or bl! any greater Suburbs thereof, or in any Market Town, or within one hundred Yards Distance thereof, or within two "

Miles of any of the King's Palaces or Houses of Residence, or within one Mile of any of the King's Ma forfeitej. gazines for keeping Gunpowder, of more than thirty hundred Pounds Weight in any other Place (except as herein after is excepted) all such Gunpowder exceeding the respective Quantities before mentioned, shall be seized and forfeited to any Person or Persons who will inform and sue for the same, by any Action, Bill or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at tvejhnvijler; which Courts are hereby irn powered and required to give Judgement in such Actions, Bills or Informations to be brought upon this at for the Recovery of such Gunpowder in Specie, or for the Value thereof, together with full Costs, and to Full Costs. award effectual Execution thereon; provided such Suitor Action be commenced within three Calendar Limitation of Months next after such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred, and shall be prosecuted without wilful De Asians, lay; and upon such Seizure it shall and may be lawful for the Searchers or Persons finding the same, to re Upon Seizureihe move, or cause such Gunpowder so seized to be removed out of the Limits aforesaid, and to detain and keep Gunpowder nr, ay the same until it shall be determined in one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, whether the b. c. removed, C same shall be forfeited by virtue of this Act; and the Person or Persons so seizing or detaining the same, shall not be subject or liable to any Addon or Suit for so seizing or detaining the same, other than for any Damage which such Gunpowder shall or may receive during the Time the same shall be so detained.

III. And for preventing Mischiefs which may happen from conveying great Quantities of Gunpowder

from one Place to another, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty nogreaterquan. fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, it shall not be lawful for any Person or tity than 15 C Persons to convey, at any one Time, in any Wagon Cart or other Carriage, within that Part of Great Wt "teamed Britain called England, a greater Quantity of Gunpowder than twenty-five hundred Pounds Weight; nor P d ime shall any Person or Persons carry or convey, at any one Time, in any open Barge, Eoator Veile], upon carriage; any River, within the Distance of one Mile from any City or Market Town, a greater Quantity of Gun nor greater than powder than fifty hundred Pounds Weight; and all such Gunpowder, which shall be carried or conveyed 53 C wt in any Wagon, Cart or other Carriage, after the Time aforesaid, shall be carried in covered Carts and Car °pen riages, and the Barrels in which such Gunpowder is carried in Wagons, Carts or Carriages, Barges, Boats A the carria?! or Vessels, shall be close joined and hooped, and secured in such Manner, as that no Part thereof be seat to be covered, '*tered in the Passage; if any Gunpowder shall be carried or conveyed in any greater Quantities respectand the Barrels tively, or in any other Manner than as before directed, all such Gunpowder shall and may be seized by any ciofe hooped. Person or Persons, and upon due Proof of the Offence made before two or more Justices of the Peace, shall Penalty, be forfeited to the Use of the Informer or Informers.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day Penal y of care of "June one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, if any Person or Persons, who shall be employed in any lefl ness in Per storehouse or Warehouse where Gunpowder is kept, or in carrying or conveying Gunpowder from one

Place to another, shall wilfully commit any Act:, whereby such Gunpowder may he in Danger of taking derfaep1^ Fire; every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted before one or more Justice or Justices of the conveying Peace, shall forfeit and pay to the Informer, immediately on such Conviction, the Sum of five Shillings for the same, every hundred Pounds Weight of Gunpowder contained in such Storehouse or Warehouse, or which such Person shall be employed in carrying or conveying from one Place to another; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, shall be committed to the public Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding the Space of six Calendar Months, as such Justice or Justices shall think fit.

V. Provided always, That this Add, or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to P!3CCS' extend to any Storehouse or Magazine belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, wherein gun cxsnbpte<!" powder or other Stores shall be kept, or to hinder the proving or trying Gunpowder for his Majesty's Officers, as is usual for the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, or to the carrying of Gunpowder to

or from any of his Majesty's Magazines, or with Forces on their March, or to any Mills already built and nfed for the making of Gunpowder, or to any Storehouses, Warehouses or other Offices near or adjoining to such Mills, or to the Magazines now erected for keeping Gunpowder at Bar kin Creek's Mouth, in the County of Essex, and Erith Level in the County of Kent, or to the Magazines or Warehouses now erected near Liverpool in the County of Lancaster.

VI. And whereas it may be necessary hereafter to erect Warehouses for keeping Gunpowder in Places remote from Cities and Towns; but forasmuch as the Person or Persons - may be desirous to erect such Warehouses, may be liable to Actions or Disturbance on that Account, 'Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace for each County, Riding or Division, within that Part of qua, ler sj ins Great Britain called England, shall, at their General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the said grlntfor Counties, Ridings or Divisions respectively, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, appoint pro create weeper and convenient Plots of Ground, at the Distance of two Miles from any City or Market Town, not ex houses for Gun ceeding two Acres in any one Place, with the Use of convenient Roads leading thereto; on which Plots of ?owder > Ground so appointed, it shall and maybe lawful for any Person or Persons desirous so to do, to erect W are houses for keeping Gunpowder in any Quantity, first agreeing with the Owners and Proprietors of the said an: i in car(, of Grounds for the same; and in case any such Owner or Proprietor hall refuse or neglect to agree, or by rea Difeence, C fan of any Disability or Impediment cannot £0 agree, the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division

appoint a Jury

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

*0 settle the Value of the Grounds.

Sum not to ex ce jj 30 Years Purchase,

No Penalty for keeping 30 C Wt. in Warehouses already built, unless ihe tame shall be deemed dangerous, C

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Limitation of Actions.

This al not to invalidate 5 Geo. ic. 26.

11 Geo. 1. c. 2 3.

Further provided fr iy 29 Geo. 2.

r. 16.

or place where such Plot of Ground shall lie, shall, at their General Quarter sessions, issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of that County, to impanel and return before them, at such Times and Places as shall be appointed in such Warrant or Warrants, a sufficient Jury, who upon their Oaths (which Oaths the said Justices are hereby respectively empowered to administerj mail inquire into the true Value of the said Plot or Plots of Ground, with the Use of convenient Roads leading thereto, so to be appointed for Gunpowder Warehouses as aforesaid; all such Verdicts and Inquisitions shall be kept with the Records of the said Sessions respectively, and the Judgments and Decrees of the said Justices respectively thereupon shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; and to that End, the said Justices respectively shall have Power to send for any Person or Persons interested, and to examine any Parties or Witnesses upon Oath, as they shall think fit (all which Oaths the said respective Justices are hereby empowered to administer); and the Sum or Sums of Money to be assessed and adjudged as aforesaid, not exceeding thirty Years Purchase, shall be paid to the respective Proprietors and Owners of the said Ground, according to their respective Interests therein, to be adjudged by the said Justices respectively as aforesaid; upon such Payment, or in case of Refusal to accept the same, then upon leaving the same with the respective Justices, for the Benefit of such Owner or Proprietor, the Inheritance of the said Plot or Plots of Ground, and use of the said Roads leading thereto, shall be vested in the Purchasers thereof, and their Heirs and Assigns, for the Purposes aforesaid, and not otherwise; the Warehouses which shall be erected thereon shall be built, from time to time, in such Manner, as will most effectually render them safe and secure.

VII. And it is hereby declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred upon account of Gunpowder kept in greater Quantities than thirty hundred Pounds Weight, within any Warehouse or Magazine already built for that Purpose, unless the Justices of the Peace of the County or Place wherein such Warehouse is built, at their Quarter sessions, ftxall, upon Complaint thereof made by any two or more of the Inhabitants of or near that Place, adjudge the same to be dangerous and unsafe, and until the Expiration of six Calendar Months next after such Adjudication; and provided such Warehouse or Magazine be not situate in any City, or the Suburbs thereof, or in any Market Town, or within one hundred Yards Distance thereof, or within two Miles of any of his Majesty's Palaces or Houses of residence, or within one Mile of any Magazine belonging to his Majesty for the keeping Gunpowder.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, in every such Case such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, or the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if a Verdict shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions aftfr Issue joined, or if upon Demurrer, or otherwise, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Suits, Actions and Prosecutions, to be brought, commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for anything done, or to be done, in pursuance, or by the Authority of this Act, shall be laid or tried in the County or Place where the Fast was committed, and shall be commenced or prosecuted within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not otherwise.

X Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, take away or alter any of the Clauses, Powers or Provisions contained in two Acts of Parliament, the one made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in or near the Cities of London rw Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof; and the other made in the eleventh Year of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the ffth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for preventing the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in or near the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for enlarging the Powers granted by an Act passed in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, to Catherick in the same County, and from thence to Piersbridge, on the River Tees.

The Act 16 Geo. 2. c. 7. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XL

An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending and preserving the Haven of Sandwich.

PR.

WHEREAS frequent Losses of the Lives and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects happen in the Downs, for want of a Harbour between the North and South Forelands, the greatest Part of the Ships employed in the Trade of this Nation being under aneceftity at going out upon, as well as return ing from their Voyages, to pass through the Downs, and frequently by contrary Winds being detained there a long Time, during which they (especially the outward bound Ships) are exposed to violent Storms,

and dangerous Gales of Wind, without having any sufficient Harbour to lie in, or retreat Into, or from whence they can receive any Assistance: whereas a Harbour may be made at the Town of Ramsgate

and convenient for the Reception of Ships, of and under three hundred Tonnes Burden, and from

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

C 41, 42.

whence larger Ships in Distress in the Downs may be supplied with Pilots, Anchors, Cables, and other

Assistance and other necessaries; and by the (mailer Ships taking shelter in this Harbour, the larger Ships may take the Anchorage, which at present is occupied by the lrnaller, and by that Means their Anchors will be lixed in more holding Ground, and the Ships not be so exposed to the Ocean For carrying the refore a Work of such public Utility into Execution, and that the said Harbour may be enlarged, constructed, finished and maintained in such a Manner, as to be rendered of Service to the Trade and Navigation of this Nation; may it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, CV

"The Trustees are to settle the Duties; viz. Not exceeding 6 d. per Tonne, to be paid by every Vessel of "20 Tonnes and not exceeding 300 Tonnes, coining into the Harbour; and on every Ship which shall exceed "300 Tonnes, not exceedingz d. for each Tonne (except Ships laden with Coals or Stones) and on every Chal "der of Coals, or Tonne of Stones, not exceeding 3 el. Duties to be published in the London Gazette. No "Vefill to be cleared till! Information on Oath of her Burden. Merchants to make an Allowance of the "Duty to the Mailers. Collector to keep the Accounts of the Moneys received. Copies of which to be "trar.smitted to the receiver-general; and also of Receipts and Disbursements, Idc. No Coasting Vessel to pay but once a Year. Trustees to agree with Workmen for building, Lfc. the Harbour; empower "to purchase Buildings, C In case of llefufal to treat, Trustees may settle the Damages, upon Oath "of a Jury. Sheriff to summon the Jury. 20 Days Notice to be given to the Parties interested, of their "Meeting. Trustees may borrow Money at 5 /. percent. Interest. Or by granting Annuities at 8 /. 10 s. "percent. Rates not liable to pay Interest for more than 50, 000 I. at one Time. Annuities to be free " from Taxes. Trustees to meet once in every Year and to give Notice in the London Gazette, is'e. and "publish the Rates for the succeeding Year, caster Determination of Annuities Rates shall cease "to appoint proper Officers. Trustees to meet once in every Year at Guildhall, and to state the "Accounts, CSV. Accounts of Collectors to be laid before the Lord Mayor, C who may examine the "same, and impose Fines on Persons making Concealment or Imbezzlements. In Default of Payment Per "to be committed. Accounts when allowed, to be transmitted to the Commissioners of the Navy. "No Person shall empty any Ballast, Lfc. in the Harbour, on Pain of 40 s. Ships not to sail into the Ba "Penalty 10 I. Trustees impowered to remove Ships out of the Basin. On Death, cof Trustees "to be chosen. Trustees shall settle the Demands to be taken for Wharves, lac. by their Tenants "and Lessees. All former Duties to cease. Ship bound to or from Sandwich, being the Property of the "Inhabitants, not liable to the Rates, zoo I. per Ann. to be paid out of the Rates to the Mayor, Lfc. of "Sandwich. Application of the Money fi r repairing their Harbour. 10l. Penalty of throwing Ballast or "Rub'oifh into the River, or fixing Piles within the Channel without Licence. No more than 2 Ships to "lie abreast, longer than one Tide. The Trustees empowered to apply 10, 000l. for erecting such Works "as they shall judge necessary at die Haven of Sandwich. Judgments to be final, without Appeal. Vessels "to Dover exempted from Duties. Vessels belonging to Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Lime "Regis, exempted. Vessels belonging to Great Yarmouth exempted."

CAP. XLI.

An act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution the act for granting a Land Tax for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the said Act, to put in Execution an Act for granting a Land Tax for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and for directing the Names of Collectors of the said Tax to be certified to the Receivers General; and for the Relief of the Borough of Honiton as to Arrears of the Land Tax, and the House and Window Taxes for the Years one thousand seven hundred and forty seven and one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight.

EXP.

CAP. XLII.

An act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of one million out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of one million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for applying a certain Sum for defraying certain Charges and Allowances to the Officers and private Gentlemen of the reduced Troops of Horse Guards, and for continuing the Bounties on the Exportation of British and Irish Linnens; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament a sir in bled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which wc have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, in the easiest Manner wear able, for the Benefit of your majesty's Subjects, and also to use such Ways and Means therein, as that your Majesty may have the better and more speedy effect of the Paid Supplies, have refiol ved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of one million, out of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund: And to that End and Purpose do most humbly beseech

169.

One million granted out of the Sinking Fund, towards the Supply.

Clause of Loan at 4 I. percent.

Tallies and Gr* ders for Repayment,

to carry 41, percent. Interest. Orders to be re gifter'd, and paid in Course.

No See for registering, Sc C

[Penalty.]

Penalties bow to be recovered,

No undue pre f rente, where Tallies are brought the f.unc Gay.

Nor if fubte qusut Orders be paid before

C 42. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys as now are, or hall from time to time be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the said Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund faster paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former AR or ars of Parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall and may be blued and applied a Sum not exceeding the said Sum of one million, for and towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to blue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of hismajesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall think it adviseable to raise the said Sum of ore million, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in Manner herein after mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said Sum of one million, upon the Credit of the said Surplusses, exceites, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking fund; and to have and receive for the Forbearance of the Money lent, Interest after a Rate not exceeding fourpounds per Centum per Annum, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, who are hereby authorised to issue their Warrants for that Purpose as fast as such Loans shall be wanted for the publick Service; and moreover that no Money so to be lent upon the Security of this Add shall be rated or assessed to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this AR as aforesaid, 'and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately have a Trdly of Loan ffi uck for the same, and an Order for his, her or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with his, her or their Tally, in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, net exceeding the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Repayment of Money so to be lent shall be registered in Course according to the Dates respectively; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall stand registered in the said Register Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her or their Executors, administrators or Assigns, who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Books of Register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be paid out of the said Surplusses, exccflcs, or Overplus Moneys; and he, she or they, who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; and that the Moneys to come in, of or for the said Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called Tbs Sinking Fund, as aforesaid, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns respectively, without any undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise; shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use - or Purpose whatsoever (other than such Uses and Purposes as are appointed by any other AH or ars of Parliament in that Behalf as aforesaid;,) that nofec, Reward 'or Gratuity directly or indirerly shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views or Searches in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputes, on Pain of Payment of Treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending, with full Coils of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also; and if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made either in point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this AR, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by arion of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt with full Costs of Suit to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if stich Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or privity of his Matter, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall he liable to such A rion, Debt, Damages and Costs, and shall be forever after incapable of his Office or Place; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direr the said Orders of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment upon such Orders, according to each person's due Place and Order as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending, to be liable to such arion, Debt, Damages and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid; which fail Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages and Costs, to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by arion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Eflbin, proterion, Privilege, Wager of Law, injunrion, or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

IV. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan or Orders for Payment as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, so as he enters them all the same Day.

V. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incur any Penalty in point of Payment, if the Auditor dircr, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent Orders to Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other Persons that did not

come

C 42. 1 71

such as were not demanded.

Orders assign able.

No See for Entry.

The Alignment not to be voided

Treasury may make new Exchequer Bills for raising the said one million, C

come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in Course, so as there be so much Money referred as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them; Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Lank for them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be due for Loans to be registredhy virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Registry as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by proper Words of Alignment to be indoi fed and written upon his, her or their Order, may assign or transfer his, her or their Right, itle, Interest and Benefit of such Order, or any Part thereof to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, successors, or Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign.again, and so toties qiwiics; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made.such Assignment, to make void, release or discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

VII. And to the end there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum not to exceed in the whole the said Sum of one million, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or bynffuing Exchequer Bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means for the public Service; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Case the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall judge it more adviseable to raise the said Sum of one million, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills, instead of such Loans as aforesaid, that then they respectively are hereby authorised and empowered at any Time or Times to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made at the Exchequer, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, for any..sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of one million, together with such Loans as aforesaid, in the same or like Manner,

Form or Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by a certain Act of Parliament (for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine) are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes,

Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the said aft mentioned Act relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Rates or Duties, granted by the same Act) shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Actor as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated or re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills as shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to, or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and born by and out of the growing Produce of the said Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Ule or Uses by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be ifi ued and applied, as fast as the same can be regularly Hated and ascertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

X. And towards enabling your Majesty to discharge the great Debts contracted by the late War, and rai sing the Supplies granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, your said dutiful and loyal Commons have also freely given and granted unto your Majesty the further Sum of one million, to be raised in Manner herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's moss Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorise and empower the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, at any Time or Times before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, to cause or direct any Loans to be taken or received at his Majesty's Exchequer, from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out there, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in Loans and Exchequer Bills, together in the wh; le, the said Sum of one million, in the same or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by the before mentioned Act of this present Session of Parliament, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and foity nine, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Loans or Exchequer Bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said Act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, The Exchequer

Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the said last mentioned Bills to be fub act, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (except such Clauses tfcc r e as do charge the same on the Rates and Duties granted by the same Act) shall be applied and extended to tit

the Loans and Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents jvj ilt Act, and Purposes, as if the same Loans or Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the Eody of this Act.

rl 2

To be subject to the Regulations in 22 Geo. 2. relating to the Malt Duty.

Exchequer Bill?;, see. to be repaid out of the Sinking Fund.

His Majesty im powered to borrow one million on Exchequer Bills.

Exchequer Bills to cany percent. Interest, ami to be charged on the first Supplies, granted after 29 Sept. 3749, w

or on the Sinking Fund.

Sinking Fund to be replaced.

Moneys of the I alt Act, C

and Land Tax, C

Out of the Aids to be paid,

s'l^sys 1.

8 d. towards Naval Services.

10, 000 1. to

Greenwich

hospital.

i, oooo, coo L towai dr Seamens Wages, and other Debts of the Navy.

177, 147 I. 15 s.

30 d, towards the ofhce of Ordnam e.

5 7 >°>477 ! Ss. 4 <*. to the Land Forces;

r.f which (12, 230 1» 4 s. 7 d. for Guards end Carrtfo sc. C in Great jbrit.m, CD

42. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

XII. An 11c It further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, not exceeding one million as aforesaid, as shall be taken in or made forth in pursuance of this al, may respectively be made to bear or carry an Interest, Pramium or Rate, not exceeding four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, together with the Intereil, Pramium, Rate and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or born by or out of the first Aids or Supplies which shall be granted in Parliament, next after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, then all and every the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, with the Interest, Pramium, Rate and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Moneys, as at any Time or Times, at or after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Surplusses, excesses, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former at or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as fall: as the same can be regularly Rated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling and discharging such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Interest, Prtemium, Rate or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall be so issued out of the said Surplusses, excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the A tonies coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one at of this Session of Parliament (entitled, Anas for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine;,) and so much Aloney, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made, or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Prannum, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Moneys sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and alfoall the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Adb of this Session of Parliament (entitled. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Grejit Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine;,) and so much Money, if any such be, of the 'Pax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain, after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same at, and all the Interest, Presmium, Rate and Charges thereupon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and the Sum of one million by this Act granted, shall be further appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein after expressed (that is to say)

XV. It is hereby enacted and declared, That our of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Aloney, not exceeding one million one hundred sixty nine thousand eight hundred seventy eight Pounds and eight Pence, for or towards the Naval Services herein after more particularly expressed; that is to say, For or towards defraying the Charges of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers; and for or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine.

XVI. And it is hereby also enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Adoney, not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenivith, for the bettor Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country; and any Sum or Sums of Aloney, not exceeding one million, towards discharging Seamens Wages, and other Payments due on the Debt of the Navy, on the thirty first of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, not already provided for.

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred seventy seven thousand one hundred forty seven Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land ser yice, not provided for by Parliament.

XVIII. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided ns nfore said, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one million seven hundred and thirty thousand four hundred seventy seven Pounds eight Shillings and fourpence, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say) any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six hundred twelve thousand two hundred and tliiity Pounds four Shillings and seven Pence, for defraying the Charge of the eighteen thousand eight hundred and fifty seven efrective Men, including Commission and non commission Officers, and one thousand eight hundred and fifteen Invalids, for Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and foerfey, for the Service of tile Year one thousand seven hundred and lbrty nine; and

any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred eighteen thousand eight hundred sixty four 218, 864l. i s. Pounds one Shilling and fire Pence Halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's forces and Garisons in the 5° ti for the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garisons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia, Gi nations, C bra!tar and Providence, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of m.612l. 3s. Money, not exceeding one hundred and eleven thousand six hundred and twelve Pounds three Shillings and 4d. for Caps fourpence, for defraying the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the I Hand of Cape Breton, and of the twelve jjrc, on 2nd the Independent Companies of Foot in the East indies, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; focus. and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty thousand seventy eight Pounds two Shillings and 300781.2s. 6'. sixpence, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Hcjjc caj to the King a' ell, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty thousand five hundred for s'vc<3c«; ty eight Pounds fourteen Shillings and sixpence, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with his most Serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick tvofenbuttle, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Ado of Rrunl nick. " ney, not exceeding one hundred thousand Pounds, to be paid over to the Empress Queen of Hungary, to v/olfenburle; answer the like Sum claimed by her Imperial Majesty, as an Arrear of the Sum of four hundred thousand 100.0001.1<. Pounds, mentioned in the Convention concluded at the Hague the twenty sixth Day of 'january one thou 01

land seven hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money, nose, exceeding eight thousand six the hundred and twenty Pounds, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Mcntz, pursuant Elector otto Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty-four thousand seven hundred forty-four jwer.tz.

Pounds six Shillings and threepence, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Bava 44>"4tl- 6s ria, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding sixteen thousand Pounds, for the ja wiria Pay of the General and Staff Officers, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; and any 16, cool, for Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four hundred eighteen thousand one hundred twenty-eight Pounds General 2nd eighteen Shillings and ten Pence, for defraying the extraordinary Expenses of his Majesty's Land Forces in Staffofficers; Flanders, in North Britain and America, and of other Services, incurred in the Year one thousand seven 418, 128l. is s. hundred and forty-eight, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not ex forcestiixian ceeding sixty three thousand two hundred seventy four Pounds six Shillings and threepence, upon Account, C for out pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; and any 63, 5.74l. 6s. Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five thousand two hundred eighty one Pounds sixteen Shillings and 3d to out pen eight Pence, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of the two chel

Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, lately disbanded, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of aponey, not exceeding sixty seven thousand two hundred gji" to the two twenty six Pounds eighteen Shillings and fourpence, upon Account of reduced Officers of his Majesty's Troops of Horse Land Forces and Marines for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, subject to such Rules Guards and re to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the same; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three thousand eight hundred sixty seven Pounds fifteen g, !?6l. '18s. Shillings and seven Pence Halfpenny, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his 4d'"to the re Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who ducej Officers; were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for 3 86rl- s the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; which said Sum of three thousand eight hundred six [>gfon of^e'6 ty seven Pounds fifteen Shillings and seven Pence Halfpenny, shall be issued to such Person or Persons, as t; uccci Officers his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign apanuai, direct or appoint to widows, C receive the same, to be by him or them paid over to such Widows of half-pay Officers, or their Assigns, according to such Estabiftnnents, Lists or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications and other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty, by such and the like Warrant or Warrants, shall be graciously pleased to direct and appoint.

XIX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup 40)00o 1. to plies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty Nova Scotia, thousand Pounds, upon Account, towards the Charge of transporting to his Majesty's Colony of Nova

Scotia, and supporting and maintaining the re fora certain Time after their Arrival, such reduced Officers and private Men lately dismissed his Majesty's Land and Sea Service, and others his Majesty's Subjects, as shall be willing to settle in the said Colony, under such Regulations as his Majesty shall judge proper.

XX. Audit is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall 12, cool, for and may be ifi ued and paid to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the till bnjge ac City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry, or any seven or more of them, or to such Westmln er Person or Persons as shall be appointed under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any seven

or more of them, to receive the same, the Sum of twelve thousand Pounds, without Account, other than is directed for other aponies raised by virtue of several former Act of Parliament, passed during the Reign of his present Majesty, for building the said Bridge, to be applied to finish the said Bridge, and to enable the said Commissioners to psrfoim the other Trusts reposed in them.

XXI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That but of all or any the Aids or Sup so, ooool. tore plies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of aponey, not exceeding ten imburfu the City thousand Pounds, to reimburse the apagistrates and Town Council of the City of Glasgow, the Sums ex f gufgow, torled from them by the Rebels, upon Account of their Loyalty during the late unnatural Rebellion, for the raising of which the said Magistrates and Town Council were obliged to grant their Bonds; and any*"j*Sum or Sums of aponey, not exceeding five thousand three hundred and four Pounds three Shillings and four tjr Georgia. Pence, for the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia in America, for the A ear one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Ajds or Supplies i0 0o ri. t aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to issue and apply any Sum or Sums of Money, not ex wards fiipporuns

teedilig the trajc to Africa,

i

C 42.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II.

A.D.

1749-

5s. s j.

io make goo i the Deficiency of the Stamp Duties.

13, 827 1. 12s.

6 d. Deficiency of the Duties on Sweets.

35, 000 1. for In'crest on the Salt Duties.

15, ^97 1* tjs.

5d.zq to make good the additional Duties on Wines at Midle inner 1748;, 462 1. 6 s.

ceeding ten thousand Pounds, towards the Support of the rade to Africain such Manner as his Majesty ftufil judge proper.

XXIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding seven thousand one hundred eighty Pounds five Shillings and eight Pence, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid, out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Chrijhnas one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirteen thousand eight hundred twenty seven Pounds twelve Shillings and sixpence, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of twelve Shillings a Barrel on Sweets, or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruits or Sugar, at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty-five thousand Pounds, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to answer one year's Interest, due at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum of one million lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, which were continued for six Years, from ladyday one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, towards the Supply for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive; any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifteen thousand two hundred ninety seven Pounds eleven Shillings and five Pence Halfpenny, to replace to the said Sinking fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Duties on Wines at Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not 77 |_' r.lrtmjs exceeding one thousand four hundred sixty two Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence, for making good the 9.31 81. 7 s. 41l. Deficiency of the said additional Duties on Wines at Chrijhnas one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight; iiie dvty on Hand any Sum or Sums f Money not exceeding nine thousand three hundred and eight Pounds seven sbil CI ntesfm retail lings and fourpence, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty on Licences for retailing of Spirituous Liquors, at ladyday one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty-three thousand eight hundred and four Pounds thirteen Shillings and one Penny Halfpenny, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors at Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty-one thousand eight hundred twenty-two Pounds ten Shillings and five Pence, for making good the Deficiency at Christmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, of the said Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-eight thousand two hundred sixty eight Pounds fifteen Shillings and five Pence three Farthings, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the new Duties on Houses, Windows and Lights, at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty-one thousand and sixty Pounds sixteen Shillings and one Halfpenny, to make good the Deficiency of the said new Duties on Houses, Windows and Lights, at ladyday one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four hundred seventy thousand one hundred eighty six Pounds nine Shillings and sixpence Farthing, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids or Supplies provided as The supplies.to aforesaid shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and be applied only Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfied there av 5 Aftui" out i*y any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XXV. And as to the said Sum of sixty seven thousand two hundred twenty six Pounds eighteen Shillings and fourpence, by this Act appropriated on Account of half-pay, as aforesaid; is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application thereof; that is to say, That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company, in which he served, was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Compapy; that no Person having any other

Lied itice or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission fmee; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons, who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall 3 te

in. Spirituous Liquors j 33 dol. 13;. id 2. q. Deceive ncy of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors at M d summer 174s $ 42, 8221. jos. 51). Deficiency at Christmas 1748;

2 j agsl. 15 s.

5 d. 3 q. Deficiency of the Duties on Houses, Scc. at M chad mas 174s;

and. 31, 060l. jf> s. 2 q. Deficiency at lady iky 1749;

470, 1861.9s.

6 d. j q. Deficiency of the Gra ts for 1748;

Rules to be ctiferved n ihc A ppltcdtu 11 of the Sum of 6, 2z61. 18 s. h appro pr o i account of half-pay.

See farther 2 3 Geo. 2. C axe.

4"

01

44.

he allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXVI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty first Year of his Majesty's Reign, ' in ituled. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sutn of one million out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight; and for applying a Sum of Money remaining in the Exchequer, arisen by the Rates and Duties on Houses, which determined at ladyday one thousand seven hun drecl and forty seven; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, and e for applying a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Allowance's for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty eighty to several Officers and private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse Guards, and three Regiments of Horse lately reduced, several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is there in mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty seven thousand two hundred twenty-four Pounds and six Shillings, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, fub jet nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid al were prescribed in that Behalf; 'Now it is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of twenty seven thousand two hundred twenty-four Pounds and six Shillings, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said alto be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or loll their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others, as by reason of their long Service or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objefis of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act, or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of the Moneys or Savings arising from the Money granted by Parliament, for the Relief and Provision of the Widows of Officers, who have been killed or died in the Service, there shall and may be issued and applied, by any Warrant or Warrants of his Majesty, under his Royal Sign Manual, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six thousand thirty-nine Pounds ten Shillings and eight Pence, for defraying the Charge of the off reckonings, belonging to the late third and fourth Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and Allowances to Private Gentlemen of the said Troops, on their retiring from the Service, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bounties on the Exportation of British and Irish Coarse Linens, shall continue to be paid in the like Manner, and under the like Regulations as directed by the Acts of the fifteenth and sixteenth, and of the eighteenth Years of his Majesty's Reign, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty, for and during the further Term of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that the same be paid out of such Part of the old Subsidies, as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, and that an Account of such Bounties, together with the Quantity of British and Irish Coarse Linens infilled to the same respectively, be laid before the House of Commons every Session of Parliament, in Order to the replacing the same out of the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

175

21 Geo. C 23.

Application of the Surplus of lift Year's half-pay, to the compassionate List.

"Upon Affidavit made of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, C being CC lost; or otherwise destroyed, before 1 Aitgujl 1749, &c. the respective Officers are to make out Duplicates £{ thereof, and to discharge the same. Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to sign the Duplicates."

EXP.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for the further enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Iving George the First, for repairing the Roads from the City of Worcester, through the Borough of Droitwich, to Dyers Bridge near Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester; and also for repairing the Roads from Dyers Bridge through the Town of Bromsgrove to spadej bourn Bridge, and from Droitwich to Bradley Brook, in the same County.

PR.

6, 039l. JOS.

0 d. out of the Allowance for

1 he Widows f Officers, to defray the Offreckonings to the 3d. and 4th Trocps of Horli Guards, reduced. bounties on the Exportation ot British and Irish Linens continued for 3 Years. An Account thereof to be

Jr id before the

Parliament

yearly.

The Acts 11 Ann. and n Geo. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XLIV.

An act to enable such Officers, Mariners and Soldiers as have been in his Majesty's Service since

his Accefiiun to the Throne, to exerciic Trades. rv/3t .«rlj.

WHEREAS there hath been and are diverse Officers, Mariners anti Soldiers who have served his c'n: er"l gsci Majesty in the late Wars by Sea or Land, some of which are Men that used Trades, others that, sr. 7 is

were Apprentices to Trades who had not served out their Times, and others, who by their own Industry, 7 h. 7.

5 have made themselves apt and fit for Trades; many of which, the Wars being now ended, would wile. 1, Gf 3 ' t" lingly employ themselves in these Trades which they were formerly accustomed to, or which they are apt E, i 6 C 2-

1 or able to follow and make use of, for the getting their Living by their own Labour, but are or may be Q c' Q 4 hindered from exercising those I rades in certain Cities and Corporations, and other Places within this hfj 2jj'j f ' Kingdom, because of certain ey laws and Customs of those Places, and of the Statute made in the fifth Year of Queen ei.i7.abjstw, prohibiting the Life of certain Trades by any Person who hath not served

of seven years for Remedy whereof be it enacted by the king's

as an Apprentice to such Trade for the Space of

1. e.

r. e.

G: t.

ice,

C Gil,

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II.

i 70

C. 3.

A.D. 1749.

king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, officer!, mi and Commons, in this p re tent Parliament nfi embled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such of !'"rs Soldier beers, Mariners and Soldiers, who have been at any Time employed in his Majesty's Service ftnce his Ac mcrcif trades to the Throne, and have not since deserted the said Service, may setup and exercise such Trades as

e L waxr ro n nt o ri A oklr* fnr in omr rim r, r pui'q unfliin siva nrrdo C r P fg y' fl n f K ttnrl trptfin/j. fxmfvl —

and being sued, may plead the General Issue,

they are apt and able for in any Town or Place within the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, without any Let, Suit or Molestation of any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or by Reason of the using of such Trade; and if any such Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, who shall be sued, impleaded or indicted in any Court whatsoever, within this Kingdom, for using or exercising any such 1 Trades as aforesaid, then the said Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, making it t appear to the same Court, where they are so sued, impleaded or indicted, that they have served the King's Majesty as aforesaid, shall upon the General Issue pleaded, be found Not guilty in any Plaint, Bill, Information or Indictment exhibited against them, and such Persons who notwithstanding this Act, shall prosecute their said Suit by Bill, Plaint, Information or Indictment, and shall have a Verdict pass against them, or become nonsuit therein, or discontinue their said Suit, such Person or Persons shall pay unto such Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Double Costs of Suit, to be recovered as any other Coils at common-law may be recovered; and all Judges and Jurors, before whom any such Suit, Information or Indictment shall be brought, and all other Persons whatsoever, are to take Notice of this present Act, and shall conform themselves thereunto, any Statute, Law, Ordinance, Custotn or Provision to the contrary in any wise notvvit iistanding.

Privileges of the

II. Provided always, That this Act shall not in any wise be prejudicial to the Privileges of the Universi ueiverfuies of ties of Cambridge and Oxford, or either of them, or extend to give Liberty to any Person to setup the Cambridge and Trade of a Vintner, or to sell any Wines or other Linnors within the said Universities, without Licence

[Double Costs.]

and have

Oxford reserved to them.

See farther 2s Geo. 2. f. 1

Trade of a Vintner, or to sell any Wines or other Liquors within the said I first had and and obtained from the Vice Chancellors of the same respectively.

33 Geo. 2. c. 6; 8 & 18. Liktcwife the yearly Mutiny Ash.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for the further Encouragement and Enlargement of the Whale Fishery, and for continuing such Laws as are therein mentioned relating thereto, and for the Naturalisation of such Foreign Protestants, as shall serve for the Time therein mentioned, on Board such Ships as shall be fitted out for the said Fishery.

Set it Ga. 3. C \ \ J WHEREAS diverse Acts of Parliament have been made for the Encouragement of his Majesty's C X on 13 ' Subjects, to carry on and improve the Whale Fiftiery, and that the Enlargement of the said

01 ' Fishery will be of great Advantage to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom: 'For the further Encouragement

to carry on the said Trade, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament 5 Geo. 2. c. 2s. assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fifiery, which was to be in Force for nine Years, jjgeo. ic. -8. from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one; and which Act was, by an Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for esn tinuing the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Premiums upon the Importation cf Majis, Yards and, Bovjfprits, Tar, Pitch and Turpentine; to British made Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth

the Greenland and to the Whale Fifiery; and for granting a further Bounty for all Ships employed in the Whale Fishery during the present War; for exempting Harpooncers and others employed in the Greenland fishr y Trade from being impressed; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the further conn and Contrasts of Clerks and Apprentices, continued unto the twenty-fifth Day of December one mied 1-5 thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall December 17, 7. be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Time in the said last mentioned Act mentioned, anj voaj"'" J therein limited for the Expiration thereof, unto the twenty-fifth Day of December which shall be in the uie Dec. 1754! Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of i 'parliament.

Act 6 etco.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the sixth Year of his ma C 53. further jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesh's dr mber'1757 britift}.by/y'far; which was to be in Force during the Continuance of the last mentioned Act of the fifth tsa 27 Geo. 2.'^ear h's majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fifiery, and which was, by C is. the said Act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, continued unto the said twenty-fifth Day of D, -

Farther continued cember one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session' of Par 7: C iof'd, 1 lament, shall be, and the same is hereby continued from the Time therein limited for the Expiration thete lf°, U 15' f, unto the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, tior.unifiioners

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That over and above the Allowance of twenty obtliccnrtmns Shillings a Tonne, according to the Admeasuresment of the Ship, by the said last mentioned Act directed to j?!\c, 'rtl('tllc' be paid, it shall and may he lawful for the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain, from to Ac twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and until the said ttventy imv (Ik tc cond fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then 20s. Tonnage next Session of Parliament, (upon having such Schedule, Certificate, Licence and Oath transmitted to Bounties granted themby the Collector and Comptroller of the Port from whence such Ship shall depart, as by the said last l>jtl>' "ant. mentioned Act is directed, and upon such Commissioners being satisfied the faithful Dealings of the Mallet.

C 45. 177

fler and other Persons employed in such Ship, with respect to such Voyage and Fishery) on Demand, to cause Payment to be made to the Matter or Owners, or to his or their Assigns, by the receiver-general of the Customs in that Part of Great Britain from whence such Ship hall depart, of the Sum of twenty Shillings a Tonne, according to the Admeasurement of the Ship, over and above the Sum of twenty Shillings a Tonne, by the last mentioned Act granted for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery in the Greenland Seas, or davis's Straights, and the adjacent Seas, carried on by his Majesty's British Subjects, in such Manner and at such Time or Times, as the said Allowance of twenty Shillings a Tonne by the said last mention ed Act, made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Encourage 6 Geo. 1. c. 33. rnent of the tvhale Fishery carried on by his Majesty's British Subjects, is directed to be paid.

IV. And whereas the Dispatch of Ships to the Greenland Seas, davis's Straights and Seas adjacent, on the Whale Fishery, mutt: of Necessity be within the Months of March or April, and some British Ships for the Sake of keeping the Men that have been taught the Art of the said Fishery in Employ, and to prevent their going into Foreign Service, may have been fitted out from the River ot Thames, or other Parts

of his Majesty's British Dominions, and proceeded on the said Whale Fishery to the Greenland Seas or davis's Straights, and Seas adjacent, since the Commencement of this Session of Parliament; and it will

therefore be but just and reasonable, that the Bounties intended to be given on the Return of Ships hcrc after to be fitted out on such Voyage, hold be given also to the Owners of such Ships already sailed

upon such Voyage, and not yet returned; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Ships that have Owner or Owners of any Ship or Ships already sailed on the said Voyage and Fishery respectively, who already fa led have conformed themselves in all Respects to the Rules and Directions prescribed by the said last mention mutled to the ed act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty, such Owner and Owners shall, and they are hereby de seezo'ce^i dared to be entitled to, and the receiver-general of the Customs, in that Part of Great Britain whence CL j. Jesljl the Ship departed, is hereby empowered and required to pay the said respective Sums of twenty Shillings, and twenty Shillings per Tonne, according to the Admeasurement of such Ship or Ships respectively.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day vef&is fitted out of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, every Ship built or fitted out in any of his in America, to majesty's Dominions in America, of two hundred Tonnes and upwards, and not being more than two yearsb^ceedonthe old from the full building thereof, that proceeds from any Port in his Majesty's American Dominions on the whale fuliery. said Whale Fishery, manned and navigated as by the Laws now in Force is directed, which shall before she

proceed on such Voyage, be visited by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs belonging to such Port, who hall take an Account of the Tonnage thereof, in such Manner as is directed by the said last mention ed act concerning British Ships who hold be entitled to the Benefits of the said act, and hall certify such his or their Visitation, Examination and Admeasurement, to the Governor or Commander in Chief of the Place where such Ship shall be fitted out, or to the Naval Officer of such Port; and if it appear by the said Certificate of such Officer or Officers, that he had, at the Time of giving such Certificate, on Board such a Number of Men, Provisions, Boats, Fishing Lines and Instruments to be used in such Fishery, as is required by the said last mentioned act of British Ships which hold be entitled to the Benefit of the said Act, and that hers a Ship strongly built, and otherwise a Ship proper for such Voyage and Fishery, and had, at the Time of granting the said Certificate, on Board among her Crew such a Number of harpoon ers, Steersmen and line managers, who had before been employed in such Voyages (the Names of such Persons to be contained in such Certificate) according to the Directions of the said last mentioned act concerning British Ships to be employed in the said Fishery; and if the Owner or Owners, and Matter or Chief Officer of such Ship shall, in Writing, at the Foot of such Certificate, make such Oath before the Governor, Commander in Chief or Naval Officer (who are hereby empowered and required to administer such Oath) as is required by the said last mentioned Act of the Owner or Owners, and Matter or Chief Officer of such British Ship as aforesaid, and likewise that such Ship is not more than two Years old from the first building thereof; and if the Matter shall likewise, after such Certificate had, and Oath made, become bound with such Sureties, in such Penalty and Condition as is mentioned in, and required by the said last mentioned Act to be given by the Mailers of such British Ships as aforesaid, which said Bond is required to be taken by the Governor or Commander in Chief, or Naval Officer of such Place from whence the said Ship is so fitted out; then, and in all such Cases, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor or Commander in Chief, or Naval Officer, and they are hereby required to give and grant to the Mailer and Owners of such Ship full Licence and Authority to proceed on such Voyage.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Arrival of such Ship at the Port in On Arrival of Great Britain, to which the said Matter and Mate declared on Oath they intended to proceed after their in such Vcirds intended Voyage to the Greenland Seas, or to davis's Straights, or to the Seas adjacent, or on their Arrival at Great Britain, some other Port of Great Britain where they shall unload, the proper Officers of the Customs at such Port ^ersto^r'nt" shall proceed in such Manner, and make such Schedule, as is directed by the said last mentioned act con certificates cerning British Ships who were to be entitled to the Benefits of the said Act; and such Schedule, Certificate, Licence and Oath shall be transmitted to the respective Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs for

that Part of Great Britain in which such Ship shall arrive after her said Voyage to the Greenland Seas or davis's Straights, or the Seas adjoining; and such Commissioners being satisfied of the faithful Dealings of the rheboun

Master and other Persons employed in such Ships, with respect to such Voyage and Fishery, shall, on De tus to be paid; mand, cause Payment to be made to the Mailer or Owners, or to his or their Assigns, by the receiver-general of the Customs of that Part of Great Britain at which the said Ship hall arrive as aforesaid, of the Sum of twenty Shillings, and twenty Shillings per Tonne, according to the Admeasurement of such Ship duly certified as aforesaid, in like Manner as to the Owners and Matters of British Ships who are entitled to the said Bounties by virtue of the said last mentioned, or by this Act of Parliament.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Ships that shall be fitted out for the Whale Regulation? to Fishery in America, after having conformed to all the Rules and Restrictions of an Act made in the sixth be observed by

Vol. VII A a Year Ships fined cut

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II.

for the Whale Fishery.

See farther 28 Geo. 3. c. 20.

Foreign prote slants serving 3 Years on bo<ird English Ships employed in the Whale Fishery, and qualifying them (elves, to be deemed natural torn Subjects.

Persons that fli ill be naturalised by this atto take the Sacrament in some Protestant Church.

Such Persons are excluded from certain Offices, C

None to be naturalised by this Act, who are excluded by Geo. 2. c. 21.

Persons naturalised, going out of his Majesty D mi rions for more than i Year, to Jostle Benefit,

C

4-5*

A.D. 1749.

Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the ivhale Fishery, shall sail from such Port where surveyed directly on her intended Fishery, on or before the first Day of May, and shall not depart or leave davis's Straights or Greenland, and Seas adjacent, before the twentieth Day of augii/i, unless they have such Success as to fill all or so many Casks with Blubber, which shall amount to not lets than two hundred Hogsheads, fora Ship of three hundred Tonnes, and foin Proportion for a Ship of two hundred Tonnes and upwards, or should meet with any unavoidable Accident, so as to endanger the Lives of the Ships Crew, which Accident shall he declared on the Oaths of the Mailer, Mate, Carpenter, Harpooners, line managers, boat fleerers and Surgeon belonging to such Ship, or such of them as shall be living at the Time of their Arrival in Port, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's cu floms in the Port of London or Edinburgh respectively.; and in case of any irregular Proceeding contrary hereunto, every Ship so offending shall lose the Benefit of this Bounty.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, for the Encouragement of such Foreign pro testants as shall be willing to serve on Board the Ships which shall be fitted out by his Majesty's Subjects to be employed in the said Fishery, That every Person born out of the Ligeance of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, being a Protestant, who shall serve during the Space of three Years, on Board any Ship which shall be so fitted out, as is directed by the said Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign herein before mentioned, or by this Act, and which shall be employed in, such Fishery as aforesaid, and which Person shall take and subscribe the Oaths, and make, repeat and subscribe the Declaration appointed by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King. geov.ge the first, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person andisov eminent, and the su.cceffl.on of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of W ales; which said Oaths shall be taken and subscribed; and Declaration made, repeated and subscribed in the Courts of Chancery, King's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer, in Term Time in England, or in any of them, in open Court, or before the Lords of the Council and s.ftion, or Lords Justiciary, or Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, or at some General Quarter sessions of the Peace, to be held for the County where such Person does or shall inhabit, resideor settle, between the Hours of nine and twelve in the Forenoon, the taking and subscribing of which Oaths, and the making and repeating, and subscribing inch Declaration, flrall he entered on Record in the same Courts.' for tyre < ing. whereof, only one Shilling shall be paid; every such Person and Persons shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be his Majesty's natural born Subject and Subjects of this Kingdom, to all Intents, Conibruftrms and Purposes, as if lie and they had been, and were born in this Kingdom.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be naturalised, by virtue of this Act, unless such Person shall have receiveci th >acrament of the lord's Supper in some Protestant or reformed Congregation in his Majesty; Dominions, within three Months next before his taking such Oaths, and making and subscribing such. Declaration, and shall, at the Time of his taking such Oaths, and making and subscribing such Declaration, produce a Certificate signed by the Person admini flering the said Sacrament, and attrfled by two credible witmites, whereof an Entry shall be made in the Court where such Oaths shall be taken, without any Fee or Reward, and shall also produce a Certificate at the same Time, under the Hands of the Owner and Master of the Ship or Veftci in which lie or they shall have so served, of his or their Integrity and good Behaviour during the whole Time of such Service.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall become a natural born Subject: of this Kingdom by virtue of this Act, shall be of the Privy Council, or r. nher of either House of Parliament, or capable of taking, having or enjoying any Office or Place within the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, either Civil or Military, or taking any Grant to himself, or to any other in i'niil for him, of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, within the Kingdoms cf Great Britain or irc'.ar. I; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act ftrill extend, or be conftmed to extend, to naturalise any Person or Persons whatsoevc, who, by virtue an Act made in the fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, (entitled. An Act to explain a Clause in an AG made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Axnf., for naturalizing Foreign Prof, f ants, valid' rehits to the Children of natural born subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain) a C declared and enacted not to be inri; led to the Benefit or the said Act: of the seventh Year of her said late majesty's Reign, but that all such Persons shall be and remain in the same State, Plight and Condition, to all Intents, con flruftions ani Purpctfcs whatsoever, as they would have done if this Act had never been made; anything in this Act: contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person so naturalised by virtue of this Act, shall go out of his Majesty's Dominions in Great Britain ox Ireland, or any of his maj fly's Plantations in America, for more than the Space of twelve Months at any one Time, such Person shall lose the Benefit of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II.

179

A.D. 1749.

C 46.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to continue several Laws for preventing Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River Thames Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River, and for continuing, explaining and amending the several Laws for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors; and for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; and for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper amongst: the Horned Cattle; and also for making further Regulations with respect to Attorneys and Solicitors; and for further preventing the Spreading of the Distemper amongst: the Horned Cattle; and for the more frequent Return of Writs in the Counties Palatine of Chester and Lancaster; and for ascertaining the Method of levying Writs of execution against the Inhabitants of Hundreds; and for allowing linkers to make Affirmation in Cases where an Oath is or shall be required.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned (which have by Experience been found useful and

C beneficial are near expiring May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the 3 Gen. C 3 j, same, That an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for re continued to 1 Diving and amending an aei made in the sixth and seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring William 1 J "np 'S' the Third., entitled, ' An Act to prevent Exactions of the Owners of Locks and Wears upon the River of Geo

Thames Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River which was to gp continue in Force from the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirty, for the Term of nine Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, i was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and which by another Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, was further continued till the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, shall] be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, till the first Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act: made in the second Year of the t Geo. 2. c. 2j» Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors, which continued to was to be in rorce from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, for the Term 24 Junc 175?* of nine Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, was ex f, 3° foru plained and amended, and further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby, together with the Alterations and Amendments made by the said Act: of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, and those herein after mentioned, further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And for the better preventing unqualified Persons from being admitted Attorneys and Solicitors, and for rendering the said A more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred Pei cons bound, and forty-nine, be bound by Contrast in Writing to serve as a Clerk to any Attorney or Solicitor, as by serve as Clerks the said AG. is directed, shall, within three Months next after the Date of every such Contract, cattle an

Affidavit to be made and duly sworn of the actual Execution of every such Contrast, every such Atto be madewyrh torney or Solicitor, and the Person so to be bound to serve as a Clerk as aforesaid; in every such Afin three Months fidavit shall be specified the Names of every such Attorney and Solicitor, and of every such Person so bound, of the Execution and their Places of Abode respectively, together with the Day of the Date of such Contrast; every such ofihch Con affidavit shall he filed within the Time aforesaid, in the Court, where the Attorney or Solicitor to whom x^d^it w be every such Person refepeftively shall be bound as aforesaid, hath been enrolled as an Attorney or Solicitor,

with the respective Officer or Officers, or his or their respective Deputy or Deputies, in the respective Courts Farther tme at herein after mentioned, who shall make and signa Memorandum or Mark of the Day of filing every such Inoat ly 27 Geo. Affidavit at the Back or at the Bottom thereof.c 10 fis

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall, after the said first Day of July become bound None robe ad

as aforesaid, shall be admitted or enrolled an Attorney or Solicitor in any Court in the said Act mentioned, mined before before such Affidavit, so marked by the proper Officer as aforesaid, shall be produced and openly read in such Affidavit be such Court, where such Person shall be admitted and.inrolled an Attorney or Solicitor. produced.

V. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the several Persons following shall be deemed and taken officers who are to be the proper Officers for filing such Affidavits in the respective Courts herein after mentioned (that is to file such act to say) in the High Court of Chancery, the senior Clerk of the Petty Bag Office, or his Deputy; in the davits.

Court of King's Bench, the hies Clerk of that Court, or his Deputy; in the Court of Common Pleas, the

Clerk of the Warrants of that Court, or his Deputy; in the Court of Exchequer, the King's Remembrancer of that Court, or his Deputy; in the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster at Westminster, the Chief Clerk of that Court, or his Deputy; and in the several Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Dur

Aa 3 1 ham,

io C 46.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

Hook to be kept for entering the

ham, the respective Prothonotaries of the said Counties Palatine, and their respective Deputies; and in the several Courts of the Great Sessions of ll^alcs, the respective Prothonotaries of the said Courts, and their respective Deputies.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such Officer or Officers, or their respective Deputy or Deputies, filing such Affidavit as aforesaid, shall keep a Book, wherein shall be entered the Substance of such

Affidavit, specifying the Names and Places of Abode of every such Attorney or Solicitor, and Clerk or Per

of every such Attorney and Clerk, c. Fees for filing the Affidavits.

No Attorney to take, Sec. a Clerk after discontinuing Business.

Clerks to be employed in their proper Business

son bound as aforesaid, and of the Person making such Affidavit, with the Date of the Articles or Contract in such Affidavit to be mentioned, and the Days of swearing and filing every such Affidavit respectively; and every such Officer or Officers, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall be at Liberty to take, at the Time of filing every such Affidavit, the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence, and no more, as a Recompense for his Trouble in filing such Affidavits, and preparing and keeping such Books as aforesaid, and which said Books shall and may be searched in Office Hours, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Fee or Reward.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said sirs Day of July, no Attorney or Solicitor shall take, have or retain any Clerk, who shall become bound by Contract in Writing as aforesaid, after such Attorney or Solicitor shall have discontinued or left off, or during such Time as he shall not actually practice as, or carry on the Business of an Attorney or Solicitor.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall, from and after the said first Day of July, become bound, by Contract in Writing, to serve any Attorney or Solicitor, as by the said Act is directed, hall, during the whole Time and Term of Service, to be specified in such Contract, continue and be ac

thmng the Time dually employed by such Attorney or Solicitor, or his or their Agent or Agents, in the proper Business, trafteirc°n' Practice or Employment of an Attorney or Solicitor.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, If any such Attorney or Solicitor, to or with whom any

execution of C ^"uc^ f>ci'f°n ke bound, shall happen to die before the Expiration of such Term, or shall discontinue iecondcontrafts or leave off such his Practice as aforesaid, or if such Contract shall by mutual Consent of the Parties be by such Clerks, cancelled, or in case such Clerk shall be legally discharged by any Rule or Order of the Court, wherein the Service of sich Attorney or Solicitor shall practice, before the Expiration of such Term, and such Clerk shall in any 5 Veers to be Of t|le fapj (pases be bound by another Contract, or other Contracts, in Writing to serve, and shall ac eme ei uai. core]jngly terve in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, as Clerk to any other such practising Attorney or Attorneys, Solicitor or Solicitors as aforesaid respectively, during the Residue of the said Term of five Years; then such Service shall be deemed and taken to be as good, effectual and available, as if such Clerk had continued to serve as a Clerk for the said Term, to the same Person to whom he was originally bound, so as an Affidavit be duly made and filed of the Execution of such second or other Contract or Contracts, within the Time, and in like Manner, as is before directed concerning such original Contract.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person who, from and after the said first Day of July, shall become bound as a Clerk as aforesaid, shall, before he be admitted an Attorney or Solicitor according to the said Act, cause an Affidavit of himself, or such Attorney or Solicitor, to whom he was bound as aforesaid, to be duly made and filed with the proper Officer herein before for that Purpose appointed, that he hath actually and really served and been employed by such practising Attorney or Attorneys, Solicitor or Solicitors, to whom he was bound as aforesaid, or his or their Agent or Agents, during the said whole Term of five Years, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Acte

XI. And when as diverse Persons who are not examined, sworn, or admitted to act as Attorneys or So ' licitors in any Court of Law or Equity, do, in Conjunction with, or by the Assistance or Connivance of certain sworn Attorneys and Solicitors, and by various subtle Contrivances, intrude themselves into, and act and practice in the Office and Business of Attorneys and Solicitors, to the great Prejudice and Loss of many of his Majesty's Subjects, and the Scandal of the Profession of the Law Be it therefore enacted, Sworn Attorneys That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September which shall be in the Year of otir Lord one thou afling as Agents sand seven hundred and forty-nine, if any sworn Attorney or Solicitor shall act as Agent for any Person or Persons, not duly qualified to act as an Attorney or Solicitor as aforesaid, or permit or suffer his Name to be any ways made use of upon the Account, or for the Profit of any unqualified Person or Persons, or send any Process to such unqualified Person or Persons, thereby to enable him or them to appear, actor practice in any Respect as an Attorney or Solicitor, knowing him not to be duly qualified as aforesaid, and Complaint shall be made thereof in a summary Way to the Court from whence any such Process did issue, and Proof made thereof, upon Oath, to the Satisfaction of thecouit, that such sworn Attorney or Solicitor hath offended therein as aforesaid; and in such Case, every such Attorney or Solicitor so offending shall he (truck off the Roll, and for ever after disabled from practising as an Attorney or Solicitor; and in that Case, and upon such Complaint and Proof made as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to commit such unqualified Person, so acting or practising as aforesaid, to the Prison of the said Court, for any Time not exceeding one Year.

XII. And whereas frequent Delays, Inconveniences and unnecessary Expenses arise and happen, as well to Parishes as private Persons, by the Mismanagement and Unskilfulness of Persons employed as So ' licitors or Agents at the Sessions held for the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Ciries, Towns corpo rate, and other Places of this Kingdom, who having never been regularly bred to the Law, and being ig norant of the Forms and Operations thereof. Offenders against the Laws of the Land have frequently escaped with Impunity For remedying the refore of these Inconveniences, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, no Person whatsoever shall act as a Solicitor, Attorney or Agent, or fuc out any Process, at any General or Quarter sessions of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division, City, Town Corporate or other Place within this Kingdom, either with respect to Matters of a Criminal or Civil Nature, unless such Person shall have been heretofore admitted an Attorney of one of his

majesty's

Clerks, before admitted, to make Affidavit of having served 5 Years.

for Persons not qualified. See,

tn be (truck off the Rull,

and to be commit red.

None to ans Attorneys who were not admitted according to £ Geo. 2. c. 23.

I

C 4.6,

1 8 1

majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster., and duly inrolled pursuant to an Act made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign (entitled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors) or unless such Person hall hereafter he admitted an Attorney, and enrolled as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, or such other Law as shall be then in Being, and unless such Person hall continue so entered upon the Roll, at the Time of such his acting in the Capacity aforesaid; all and every Person or Persons respectively, who hall so add, not being admitted and enrolled as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to a Penalty of Pfna ty 50j. fifty Pounds; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the Courts of P, e atto nhlsfrr cord at wejtmirjlet, by any Person or Persons who flrall sue for the same, within twelve Months after the i^rro. t not Offence committed, with treble Costs of Suit; and if any Attorney or Attorneys hall permit and fuller any admitted to use Person or Persons whatsoever, not being admitted and enrolled as aforesaid, to make use of his or their their Names, to Name or Names respectively, in the Courts of General or Quarter sessions aforesaid, such Attorney or At s! tornies respectively shall be subject and liable to a like. Penalty of fifty Pounds, to be recovered in Manner rejj°'tv aforesaid. J 5'

Xni. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive pers x mnt the Attorneys of the Duchy of Lancaster, or of the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, or of the Counties "

Palatine of Ckcjler, Lancaster and Durham, from acting within their respective Jurisdictions.

XIV. And, to tile end that Justice may be impartially administered in the several General or Quarter No Clerk of the Sessions of this Kingdom, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Clerk of the Peace, ^ac5'unaer or his Deputy, nor any Undersheriff, or his Deputy, hall, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, aft as a Solicitor, Attorney or Agent, or sue out any Process, at any General or Quarter sessions cat q^r.q'of the Peace to be held for such County, Riding, Division, City, Town Corporate, or other Place within Sessions ror the this Kingdom, where he hall execute the Office of Clerk of the Peace, or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, County, to Undersheriff, or Deputy, on any Pretence whatsoever; if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or any Undersheriff, or his Deputy, hall presume to act as a Solicitor, Attorney or Agent as aforesaid, such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Undersheriff, or his Deputy respectively, shall be subject and liable to a like Penalty of fifty Pounds, to be recovered in Manner aforesaid. Penalty 50 I.

XV. And whereas several Persons have been bound by Articles in Writing to Attorneys of one of his

majesty's Courts at Westminster, to serve them as their Clerks for the Term of five Years, which Attor nies have died before the Expiration of the said five Years, and after their Deaths such Persons so bound have served the Remainder of the said Term with some other Attorneys of the said Courts, but have northeast glefted to enter into Articles with the said other Attorneys for the Remainder of the Term of five Years,

and therefore Doubts have arisen, whether such Persons could be admitted Attorneys of any of his Ma

Courts, by reason that such Service was not strictly in pursuance of the Direction of the before

mentioned Act; 'Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Persons Clerks, whole who shall have been so bound as aforesaid for the Term of five Years to Attorneys of any of his Majesty's have

Courts at Westminster, which said Attorneys shall have died before the Determination of the said Term, if residutonhe'"' such Persons shall afterwards, and before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and Times with forty-nine, have served the residue of the said Term of five Years, with some other Attorneys of one of his others without majesty's said Courts, though without entering into any new Articles, such Persons having so served during freth Contracts, the said Term of five Years, shall and may be admitted Attorneys in any of his Majesty's Courts at West to be admitted. viinster; anything in the said Act, or in this present act, contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person who shall have been admitted Persons admit a sworn Clerk in the Office of the Six Clerks of the Court of Chancery, or shall have been bound by Con; h7office ov trust in Writing, to serve as a Clerk for and during the Space of live Years, to a sworn Clerk in the t[, u six citrk«, said Office, and for and during the said Term of five Years shall have continued in such Service or shall or bound for five have continued in such Service for the Space of three Years, or more, and shall have been admitted a Wait Years, to ing Clerk, and acted as such during the Residue of the said Term of five Years, may be examined, sworn,

and admitted and enrolled as a Solicitor, in the same Manner as Solicitors in Courts of Equity are by the maybe admit said Act required to be examined, sworn, admitted and enrolled; anything in the said Act to the contrary ted Solicitors, notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted That if any sworn Clerk in the said Six Clerks Clerks, whole Office, with and to whom am person hath been, or shall be bound by Contrast in Writing as aforesaid,

to serve as a Clerk for the Term of five Years, shall happen to die before the Expiration of the said Term ^ingintofreft of five Years, or if such Contrast shall, by mutual Consent of the Parties, be vacated, or in case such Clerk Contracts, and be legally discharged by any Rule or Order of the Court of Chancery, before the Expiration of the said serving the Re term of five Years; then, and in any of the said Cases, if such Clerk shall by Contrast in Writing be of their obliged to serve, and shall accordingly serve as a Clerk to any other sworn Clerk in the said Six Clerks Office, Tl<', the same or to any Solicitor who shall be sworn, admitted and enrolled, pursuant to the said Act of the second Year to eer: C "ul1, of his present Majesty, during the Residue of the said Term of five Years, then such Service shall be deemed and taken to be as good and effectual as if such Clerk had continued to serve as a Clerk for the Term of five Years to the same Person to whom he was originally bound by Contrast in Writing as aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no sworn No sworn Clerk Clerk in the said Six Clerks Office shall have more than two Clerks at one and the same Time, in to have more eluding the Clerk who shall be entered on the Roll kept by the Matter of the Rolls, or his Secretary, for than two Clerk, that Purpose.

XIX. Provided also, and it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no persons ex. thing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Taking or Binding, Examina enc[, tion, Swearing, Admission cr Inroilment of the Attorneys, or Clerks of the Offices of the King's Remembrancer,

Anno vicesimo see undo Geoiigii II

1 8

c

1

A.D. 1749.

brancer, tveafurer's Remembrancer, Pipe or Office of Pleas, in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster for the Time being, but that the said Attorneys and Clerks of the said respective Offices shall and may be taken, hound, approved, fvvoni, admitted, and practise in the said Court of Exchequer, in like Manner a they usually have been, and might have done before the making of this Act, and may practice in any other Ctn -- trr.i*g of the Courts of Record before mentioned, in the Name, and with the Consent of some f.vorn Attorney of torrus ju ant; y <p0urt, such Consent being in Writing, and signed by such Attorney as aforesaid, in the Manner as VI Gn 2 'c is' they have usually been and tig'.tt have done before the making of this act; anything herein contained to i'the contrary notwithstanding.

S Anna;, C is.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to regulate the Price and Affuze of Bread; which was to be in Force for three A ears, and from thence to tha End of the then next Session or Parliament, and 1 Geo. j. C z6. by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, was explained, amended and continued for the further Term of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, which said Act and Alterations had further 12 Geo. C 13. Continuance by several subsequent Acts, and was by an Act made in the said twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty explained and amended, and further continued from the Expiration thereof, to the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty eight, and from continued to thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby, together 24. June 1757. with the Alterations and Amendments herein after mentioned, further contiued from the Expiration there setfatibtr 31 0f3 unt; ] the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hun

Tg« is. dred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

u'

XXI. And whereas it is often very difficult for the Magistrate or Justice or Justices of the Peace, b.forc

whom Bread is complained of, to know under what Denomination the Bread ought to be weighed, pursuant to the Directions of the said Acts of the eighth of Queen anne, and first of his late Majesty; 'it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every common Baker, and every Person who hall make or bake for Sale, or any ways expofa to Sale, any Sort of Bread whatsoever, hall, from and after the first Day of August which shall he in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, fairly imprint or mark, or cause to be imprinted or marked, on every Loaf so by him made or exposed to Sale, the Letters herein after mentioned (that is to say) upon every Loaf exposed to Sale as White Bread, a large Roman W. and upon every Loaf exposed to Sale as Wheaten Bread, a large Roman W H. and upon every Loaf exposed to Sale as Houftiold Bread, a large Roman H. and every lderson selling, or exposing to Sale, cinder Penalty of not marked as aforesaid, hall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings to the Informer; the said forfei 20s. title to be adjudged, levied and recovered, in such Manner as the Penalties laid upon Persons selling or ex

posing to Sale any Bread deficient in Weight, are by the said Act of the first of his said late majesty's Reign to be adjudged, levied and recovered.

Limitation of

XXII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act fttall extend, or be confirued to extend, to any Sort this Regulation. of Bread, but what is mentioned in the said Adds of the eighth of Queen Anne, and the first of his late

See farther 31 majesty.

Geo. 2. c. 29* J 3

32 Geo. 2. c. 13

Bakers to imprint on e very Loaf a certain Letter,

*9 Geo. 2. c. 5.

20 Geo. 2. c. 4.

2 j Geo. C 33. continued to 2 4 Set t. 1749.

Farther continued by 27 GO. 2. C 14.' sjtnl see 30 Geo. 2. c. 20.

Tanner to give Notice to the essi isle Officer before he biings any raw Hides, C into histan yard,

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders and Regulations more effectually to prevent the Jprcad wg of the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom, which was to continue and be in Force for the Space of eight Months, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was explained, amended and continued, and to be in Force with the said last mentioned Act, for the Space of eight Months, from the tenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and forty six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Acts, by an Act made in the twenty full Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, were further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fourth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; hall be, and the same are hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CXXIV. And whereas it is apprehended, that the distemper which still! rages amongst the Horned Cattle, ' has been greatly spread and increased by Tanners and others buying the Hides and Skins of infected Bealls, ' and carrying the same (ecretly to their tan yards Wherefore for preventing the same for the future, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Tanner, Tarver or Dreffcr of Hides or Skins hall, before he brings any raw Hide or Skin of any Bull, Ox, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, into his pan yard, Workhouse, Warehouse or Place used for dracting or manufacturing of Hides or Skins, give Notice to the Officer of Excise of the District in which such tan yard or dressing place is situated, and whole Survey the said Tanner, Tawer or Drefier of Hides shall be under and subject to for the time being, and produce to the said Officer a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Commissioner or Commissioners of the Land Tax, specifying the Colour of such Hide or Skin, the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner of such Hide or Skin, and that upon Examination on Oath of one or more credible Person or Persons, it appeared to the Person or Persons signing and baling such Certificate, that the Beast from which such Hide or Skin was taken was found, and tree from any Infection; which Certificate hall by the said Officer be entered into a Book to be kept for that purpmfc;

ducimr

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

C

46.

183

Regulations io be obivrved by the Sellers of

ducing such Certificate as aforesaid, every Person so offending ftsall^for every such Offence, forfeit the

Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered, levied and applied, as the several Forfeitures are by the said Act of the Penalty of 101.

nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to be recovered, levied and applied.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every or any of the Officers of Excise, acting and offirersimpow employed in any Distribl wherein any tan yard, Workhouse or Warehouse, or Place for dressing or tna cred to cmer nufacturing of Hides or Skins is situate and being, shall and may, at all Times, by Day or by Night (and Tan yards, seif in the Night, then in the Presence of a Confrable, or other lawful Officer of the Peace) he permitted, 'a1'; 1')1' loj upon his or their Request, to enter into any such tan yard, Workhouse, Warehouse, or Place, in order jaai!u>?to to search for Hides and Skins suspected to be brought and conveyed into the same respectively, contrary to, th; s aa/&c. and against the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, and then and there to search and examine, or cause to be searched or examined, any Tanpit, Fat or other Place, where any such Hide or Skin is suspected to be laid, hid, put or concealed; and if any Tanner, Tawer, or other Person or Persons whatsoever shall obstruct or hinder any such Officer or Officers in the Execution of his or their Duty, Power or Authority given to, veiled in, and required of him and them respectively by this Act, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfuly convicted as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered, applied and disposed of in Manner aforementioned.

XXVI. And whereas it is necessary to encourage and promote the Breeding of Cattle, the Number being greatly decreased by the said Mortality Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall His m.ijcitv lai ard m.iy be lawful for his Majesty, by Advice of his Privy Council, to prohibit and forbid the killing or paueieo tvp« slaughtering of Cow Calves, in such Counties and Places, and in such Manner, and at such Times, as his jjitittbe kill.ng:

twentieth Years of his present Cow Calves nft such Order and Prohibition, offenders to

pplied, as other Forfeitures by forfeit 40s. the said Acts are to be recovered, levied and applied.

XXVII. And to prevent the spreading of the said infectious Distemper, by Persons who frequently buy up Cattle in infected Places, and soon after dispose of the same in Places free from the infection, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Acts, and the Orders and Regulations made by his Majesty in Council, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, no Person whatsoever, by himself, his Servant or Agent, shall sell or dispose of any. living Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, until the same shall have been the Property of such Person[ [ for the Term of forty Days at the least; and in Proof of such Property, the Seller shall produce a Certi raned Cittle. ficate under the Hand of the Person of whom such Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer was last bought

or purchased, signifying the Time when he purchased the same; and every Person who shall sell or dispose of any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, without producing such Certificate, and shall be thereof convicted by his, her or their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Priding, Division, City, Liberty or Town Corporate where the Offence shall be committed, shall, for every Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer so sold or disposed of, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, unless such Person shall by himself, his Agent offenders 'a or Servant, make Oath before the said Justice or Justices (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are forfeit 101. hereby impowered to administer) that the said Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer has been his Property for more than forty Days; the said Forfeiture to be adjudged, levied and recovered in such Manner, as the Penalty of ten Pounds is, by the said Act of the nin teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to be adjudged, levied and recovered; one Moiety of the said Forfeiture to be given to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall he committed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority afor. said. That every Person who shall, from and Tensity ofgiv* after the said first Day of ju/y, sell or dispose of any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, and shall give >"? Mfe cetti a fitiie or untrue Certificate of the ime of the Sale of such Cattle, and every Person who shall accept of such Scales

Fife or untrue Certificate, knowing the same to be such, shall forfeit and pay the like Sum of ten Pounds, to be adjudged, levied, recovered and disposed of in the Manner above directed.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of July which ?'ohfcrwd by shall he in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, if any Drover, or Person or the°dhvm of Persons driving and conducting Plorned Cattle from one Place to another, shall find any Bcaft or Beads in Horned Cattle, his Drift sicken upon the Road, so as to be unable to proceed forward in their Journey, such Drover, or if any sicken Person or Persons driving such Horned Cattle, shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Constable, plead on the road borough or Churchwarden of the Parish or Place wherein such Beast or Beasts shall sicken, in order that the same may be slain and buried, the Skin being first flshed, if deemed to be ill of the Distemper now raging amongst the Horned Cattle, in the Opinion of the Officer of such Parish or Place so summoned, and of two other lubflaniial Inhabitants of the said Parish or Place, whom the said Officer is hereby empowered, by a Note in Writing under his Hand to summon to his Assistrnce; and in case any Drover, or Person or Per offender; ts ions driving Horned Cattle, shall fail herein, or shall conceal or drive out of the Way, without giving forfeit 10i, such Notice, any such sick Beast or Beasts, he or they so offending shall forfeit and pay ten Pounds, to the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Place wherein such Beast or Beasts shall be found sick or dead, to be levied on his or their Goods and Chaitles, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City or Town Corporate, wherein such Drover, orpcifonor Persons driving such Horned Cattle shall be taken; and in case of Nonpayment, such Drover, or Person or and n Nonpay persons shall be committed to the common Gaol of such County, Shire, Stewartry, Riding, Division, LI te com" berty, City or Town Corporate, there to remain without Bail or Mair, prize for the Space of six Calendar C'Months, or until he or they shall have paid the said Penalty.

XXX. And whereas his Majesty hath, in pursuance of the said Acts of Parliament, by his Order in Council, bearing Date the twenty second Day of March one thousand seven hundred and foriy seven,

a ' made

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II.

L 84

C 46.

A.D. 1749.

His Majesty's Order in Coon cil declared to be valid, C

Offenders to forfeit 10 1. Order of Council, Sec, to be executed, and declared valid.

Persons disobeying or obstruct inge.

lo forfeit 50 1.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue

[Treble Costs.]

Regulations to be observed with regard to Wtiis of Execution sued o tt against any Hundred.

£ Geo. 2. C if.

Regulations in the Returns of Writs in the Court of Session of Chester, and the Court of Common Pleas of Lancaster.

made and established certain Rules, Orders and Regulations for the better preventing the spreading of the said Infection, and putting a Stop to the Distemper; Rules, Orders and Regulations have been found beneficial Re it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Order in Council, and all the Rules, Orders and Regulations therein contained and inserted (except such and so much of them, or any of them respectively, as his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, at any Time ortimes during the Continuance of the said former Acts, shall, with the Advice of his and their Privy Council, judge proper and expedient to repeal, alter or vary) shall be in Force, and the same, apd also such other Rules, Orders and Regulations, Variations and Additions, as shall be made by virtue of, and in pursuance and under the Power and Authority of this present Act, and the said former Acts, shall be observed and obeyed by all his Majesty's Subjects, during the Continuance of the said former Acts, under the Penalty of ten Pounds, inflicted and directed to be levied by the said former Acts for every Offence committed against the same.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all the Powers and Authorities given by the said Order of Council, or which shall be given by any subsequent Order of Council by virtue of the Authority aforesaid, tojustices of the Peace, and other Magistrates, and to Commissioners of the Land Tax, Inspectors, and other Officers appointed in that Behalf, shall be duly executed, and are hereby established, and enacted and declared to be as good and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, during the Continuance of the said Order or Orders, as if the same were herein repeated, and expressly enacted.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the fifteenth Day of June one thousand fevert hundred and forty-nine, all and every Person and Persons who shall by Force or Threats intimidate, hinder or prevent the said Justices, Magistrates, Commissioners, Inspectors or other Officers, from executing the said Rules, Orders and Regulations, or from performing their respective Duties in relation thereto, or who shall enter into any Combination, Confederacy or Subscription, to disobey the said Order or Orders in Council, or to defeat, hinder or prevent the Execution thereof, shall, over and beside the Penalty inflicted by the said Act, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by any Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same, to go and be paid to and for the sole Life and Benefit of such Person or Persons respectively, with full Costs of Suit.

XXXIII. Provided, and be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this or any of the said former Adds, in every such Case the Action or Suit shall be brought within six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and in the County where the Fact hath been, or shall be committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant and Defendants in such Action and Suit to be brought, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter of his Defence in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of the said former Acts, or this present Act; and if the same shall appear so to be done, or such Action or Suit to be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, Place or Places than where the Fact was committed, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become lionfuit, or discontinue his or their Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant and Defendants, in every such Case, shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Cases by Law.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writ of Execution hereafter to be sued out against the Inhabitants of any Hundred, on any Judgement obtained by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever, shall be levied on any particular Inhabitant or Inhabitants of such Hundred, but the Sheriff or Sheriffs shall, on Receipt of every such Writ, cause the same to be produced to two Justices of the Peace, in such Manner as is directed by the Statute made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, entitled, An act for the Amendment of the Lmv relating to Actions on the Statute of Hue and Cry; and that thereupon the said Justices hall, in the Manner directed by the said Act, cause a Taxation to be made, levied and collected, for raising and paying, as well the Costs and Damages recovered by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, as also all such just and necessary Expenses as any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of such Hundred Hull have been at in defending any such Action; same being first proved on Oath, and the Attorney's Bill being first taxed in such Manner as the said Act directs; the Sums of Money so to be levied and collected shall, within the Time by the said Act limited, be paid to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, and by him or them paid or delivered over to the Persons entitled to receive the same, without any Deduction, See or Reward whatsoever.

XXXV. Whereas all Writs relating to Actions depending in the Court of Session of Chester, or in the 1 Court of Common Pleas, held in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, are returnable at the Great Sessions, and Seflinns of Affixes held respectively for the find Counties, and at no other Time, by which means no Action that is commenced in the said Courts can he brought to Issue, and tried, before the next Session or Session of Affixes but one after such Action is commenced at the soonest, which is usually near ' a Year and a great Delay to the Suitors of the said Courts, and many other Inconveniences do attend the Want of more frequent Returns of Writs in the said Courts For Remedy whereof, and for the greater Ease and Benefit of the Suitors in the same, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, all Writs of Capias, and other mesne Process, to answer relating to any Action or Suit, to be brought or commenced in the said Courts of Session for the said County of Chester, and Court of Common Pleas for the said County of Lancaster, that shall bear Teftc in the preceding Session, or Session of Affixes respectively, shall and may be made returnable before his Majesty's Justices of the said Session at Chester, or Sessions of Affixes for the County of Lancaster, on the first Wednesday of any Month in each of the two Vacations annually, betwixt the said Session or Sessions of Assizes, or at the first Day of the next Session or Session of Affixes respectively.

A.D. 1749. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii U, C 47. 185

spectively, at the Election of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, his, her or their Attorney, who shall sue out the same; anti that all such Writs or Process which shall issue out of the said Courts respectively, returnable in the Vacations as aforesaid, and whereon or wherewith the Defendant or Defendants shall be arrested or served with a Copy or Copies, such Defendant or Defendants shall appear and file special Bail, or enter a Common Appearance, as the Case shall require, on the Day of such Return, or within eight Days next after; and in Case of Neglect in bailable Actions, the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or other Officer, shall at the Request and Costs of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Action or Suit, his, her or their Attorney or Agent, assign to such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Bail Bond taken for the defendant's Appearance upon the Arrest, by Endorsement and Attestation under his Hand in the Presence cf two or more credible Witnesses; the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, after such Assignment made, may bring an Action or Suit upon such Bail Bond, in his or their own Name or Names; and the said Courts may, by Rule or Rules thereof respectively, give such Relief to the Plaintiffs and Defendants in the Original Action, and to the Bail, so sued upon the Bail Bond, as is agreeable to Justice and Reason; in case of Service, the Copy of Writs or Process, returnable in the Vacation Time as aforesaid, and the Defendant or Defendants so served therewith, shall not appear at the Return of such Writ or Process, or within eight Days next after the Return thereof as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Action, upon.

Affidavit being made and filed with the Prothonotary of the said Courts respectively, or his Deputy, of the Personal Service of such Process as aforesaid, to enter a common Appearance or Appearances for the Defendant or Defendants, and to proceed thereon, as if such Defendant or Defendants had entered his, her or their Appearance; and that all Writs which shall be made returnable in the said Courts respectively", on such Return Days as aforesaid, shall and may (in case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs declare according to the prarice of the said Courts respectively) be proceeded upon in like Manner as if the same had been made returnable at the preceding Session or Session of Assizes for the said Counties Palatine respectively; Law,

Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And whereas a Doubt hath arisen, whether the solemn Affirmation or Declaration of the s Geo. i. C 6.

People called Quakers, prescribed by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, (entitled, An Act for granting the People called Quakers, such Forms of Affirma tion or Declaration as may remove the Difficulties which many of them lie under) can be allowed and taken ini Head of an Oath, in any Case wherein by any Act or Acts of Parliament an Oath is required, unless the said Affirmation or Declaration be by such Act or Acts of Parliament particularly and express, directed to be allowed and taken instead of such Oath; by Reason of which Doubt the Testimony of the said People called thinkers, is frequently rct used, whereby the said People, and others requiring their Evidence, are subjected to great Inconveniences Therefore for removing the said Doubt, Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases wherein by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, or here Affirmation of after to be made, an Oath is or shall be allowed, authorised, directed or required, the solemn Affirmation or Quakers allowed Declaration of any of the People called Quakers, in the Form prescribed by the said Act made in the eighth 411 Cases m Year of his said late majesty's Reign, shall be allowed and taken instead of such Oath, although no parti at

cular or express Provision be made for that Purpose in such Act or Acts; and all Persons who are or shall be of Parliament, authorised or reqssired to administer such Oath, shall be, and are hereby authorised and required to admini

fter the said Affirmation or Declaration; and the said solemn Affirmation or Declaration, so made as

aforesaid, shall be adjudged and taken, and is hereby enacted and declared to be of the fasne Force and Effect, to all Intents and purposes, in all Courts of Justice, and other Places, where by Law an Oath is or shall be allowed, authorised, directed or required, as if such Quaker had taken an Oath in the usual Form; and if any Person making such Affirmation or Declaration, shall be lawfully convicted of having wilfully, penalty on false falsely and corruptly affirmed and declared any Matter or Thing, which, if the same had been deposed in Affirming, the sifual Forsn, would have amounted to wilful and corrupt Perjury, every Person so offending shall incur and suffer the like Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm are to be in ffifted on Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXXVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no Qitaker shall, by virtue of this Act, be Not to extend \

qualified or permitted to give Evidence in any Criminal Cases, or to serve on Juries, or to bear any Office to Criminal

or Place of Profit in the Government; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Cases, C

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Borough

of Southwark, and the several Parishes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newington, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, chri/l Church, Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at rother hitbe, in the County of Surry, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the same.

WHEREAS several Persons living and residing within the Town and Borough of Southwark in the County of Surry, and the several Parishes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newington, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Chris Church, late Part of Saint saviour's, Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the said County of Surry, and the several Precincts and Liberties thereof, contrast many Small Debts, which in the Whole amount yearly to a great Sum of Money; and although they are well able to pay such Debts, yet they refusefo to do, presuming on the Discouragements which their Creditors lie under from the Expense which they are unavoidably put to in suing for the same, and the Delays they meet with even after they have obtained Judgement; and 2s nothing contributes more to the promoting of Industry, and the Support of useful Credit, than providing an easy and speedy Method for recovering ofjmall Debts May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

i 86 C 47.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II.

A.D.

749-

The Pel'll loners to meet in their Vert rice, and L nominate 1 -2 Oommif* liners.

The Number which each pa n/li is to appoint.

Lids to be made out,

to be duck on the Church Door, and delivered to the Chief Bailift* and a Copy to be ttuck up in the Town Hail.

Style 2nd Title of the Court.

Three Commi f

sioners to lit twice a Week, C

Power of of.

Chief Bailiff to ft m men a certain Number to attend for jvftmh.

Commissioners impowered ro fit, tho' not in Rotation,

Method of Pro

feedings, and Recovery of pcks, net CX ceding 40 s.

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Parishioners of the several and respective Parishes within the said Town and Borough of Southwark, and of the several Parishes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newiirr

the Feast of Easter, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and soon every ncj day next after the Feast of Enfler in every successive Year, to nominate and assign in the Whole, the Number of one hundred and thirty-two of the most substantia] and discreet Persons residing within their respective r Parishes, who are to be Commissioners for the Purposes herein after mentioned and expressed, to be appointed i by such Parishioners of the said several Parishes in Manner following; videlicet, such Parishioners of the Parish 1 of Saint Olavein Southwark, to nominate and assign twelve of the said Persons; the Parish of Saint John in Southwark other twelve; the Parish of Saint George in Southwark other twelve; the Parish of Saint Thomas in southwark^fix; the said Parish of Saint Saviour eighteen; the said Parish of Newington twelve; the said Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey eighteen; the said Parish of Christchurch six; the said Parish of Latnheth eighteen; and the said Parish of Rotherhithe eighteen: And the Churchwardens of each respective Parish for the time being, or one of them, shall, within two Days next after such Nomination, cause two Lists to be made out, of the several Persons so respectively nominated and appointed as aforesaid; shall cause one of the Lists, or a true Copy thereof, to be fixed or stuck up on the Church Door of their respective Parish; shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, the other to the Chief Bailiff of the said Town and Borough of Southwark, or his Deputy, who shall forthwith cause a Copy of such Lists to be made, and stuck up in some convenient Part of the Townhall of the said Town and Borough of Southwark; which said Persons, so nominated and returned for the said several Parishes respectively as aforesaid, from time to time, are hereby declared, constituted and appointed to be Commissioners to hear and determine all such Matters of Debt as are herein after mentioned; and such Commissioners are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name of The Court of Requests for the Town and Borough of Southwark in the County of Surry; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised, empowered and required to assemble, fit and hold the said Court twice in every Week, videlicet, on every Tuesday and Friday, in the Courthouse of the said Town and Borough, situate and being at Saint margaret's Hill, within the said Town and Borough, or in some convenient Part thereof, or some other Place near or thereunto adjoining, so as not to impede or interrupt the Business, at any Time hereafter to be done by or before his Majesty's justices of Assize, Justices of Oyer and Terminer, Justices of Gaol Delivery, or justices of the Peace, or the Courts Leet, or Courts of Sewers, usually done, held or kept in the said Courthouse; the said Commissioners, so to be assigned and appointed for the time being, or any three or more of them, shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of this Aift, to give Judgement and Decree, and to award Execution thereupon, with Costs, against the Bodies, or against the Goods and Chattles of all and every the Person or Persons against whom they shall give any Judgement or Decree, as to them shall seem justin Law or Equity.

if. And, for the more orderly and regular Proceeding in the said Court, and that no undue Preference or Delay may be made or given in summoning the said Commissioners to attend the Business of the said Court, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Chief Bailiff, or his Deputy (who are hereby empowered and required, from time to time, so to do) shall, within two Days next after such several Lists shall be returned to him as aforesaid, summon, or cause to be summoned, the first three Persons named in each List containing eighteen, the first two Persons in each List containing twelve, and the first Person named in each List containing six, to attend as Commissioners of the said Court for one Calendar Month then next following; and so the like Number of Persons out of every List, as they shall stand in Order and Rotation therein respectively, to serve as Commissioners from Month to Month, during the Term for which they are chosen Commissioners.

III. Provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exclude or debar any of the Persons who shall be nominated and returned for Commissioners as aforesaid (although they be not in Rotation) from sitting in the said Court; but that all such Commissioners shall and may, as often as they shall respectively think fit, fit and give Judgement therein; anything herein before r con.ained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, it shall and may be lawful to and for every Rcfiant and Inhabitant of the said Town and Borough of Southwark, and for all the Refiants and Inhabitants within the said several Parishes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Neivington, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Ckrijl Church, late Part of Saint saviour's, Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surry, and to and for all and every Person and Persons renting or keeping any Shop, Shed, Stall or Stand, or seeking a Livelihood within the said Town and Borough, or within any of the Parishes, Limits or pre cinfls aforesaid, who now have, or hereafter shall have any Debt or Debts owing unto him, her or them, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, inhabiting, or seeking a \ Livelihood, within the said Town and Borough, or within any of the Parishes, Limits or prccir.fts aforesaid, as aforesaid, to cause such Debtor or Debtors, so inhabiting, seeking a Livelihood, as aforesaid, to be warned or summoned by the Chief Bailiff' of the said Town and Borough for the time being, or his -'1'.1-11'all Warrants,

or Place cf by any other

reasonable Warning ot Notice, to appear before the Commissioners of the said Court, to be held at or in the Place aforesaid > that the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, after such Summons 3'a5

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

C 47. 187

as aforesaid, have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Add, to make or cause to be made, such Acts,

Order or Orders, Decrees, Judgments and Proceedings, between such Party or Parties, Plaintiffs, and his, her or their Debtor or Debtors, Defendants, touching such Debts, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, in question before them, as they shall find to stand with Equity and good Conscience; all such Orders, cof Acts, Decrees, Judgments and Proceedings, Order or Orders, shall be entered and registered in a Book, to the Court to be be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, or his or their sufficient Deputy or De rsgiftred. puties; and shall be observed, performed, and kept in all Parts, as well by the Plaintiff, as the Debtor or D fendant.

V. And for the more due and regular Proceeding in the said Court intended to be established by this Act, Commissioners it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or empowered to more of them, to administer an Oath to the Plaintiff or Defendant, and to such Witness or Witnesses as administer shall be produced by each Party, and also to all the Officers of the said Court, for or concerning any 0atlls business relative thereunto, if the same Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall so think it

meet.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if in any Action of Debt, or Action on if Aaion for the Case upon an assumpsit for Recovery of any Debt to be sued or prosecuted against any Person or Persons Debt under os. aforesaid, in any of the King's Courts at Westminster or elsewhere, out of the said Court of Requests, it be iu« ': n

i shall appear to the Judge or Judges of the Court where such Action shall be sued or prosecuted, that the debt any°tiler Coast to be recovered by the Plaintiff in such Action doth not amount to the Sum of forty Shillings, and the Defendant in such Action hall duly prove, by sufficient Testimony, to be allowed by any the Judge or Judges of the said Court where such Action shall depend, that at the Time of commencing such Action, such Defendant was inhabiting and refiant within the said Town and Borough of Southwark, or any of the Parishes,

Limits and Precincts aforesaid, in the County of Surry, and was liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Requests for such Debt, then, and in such Case, the said Judge or Judges shall not allow to the said Plaintiff any Costs of Suit; but shall award that the said Plaintiff shall pay so much ordinary the Judge to Costs to the Party Defendant, as such Defendant shall justly prove before the said Judge or Judges it hath awarjthede! truly cost him in the Defence of the said Suit. fendant Costs.

VII. And, for the more effectual establffning of the said Court of Requests, and the better enforcing the Orders and Decrees which shall be made by the said Commissioners; that the said Commissioners may

be invested with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from any Insults or Abuses; further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall contemptuously affront, in Penalty of ia fult or abuse all or any of the Commissioners of the said Court, during their Sitting in the said Court, it siting the shall and may be lawful to and for the said Chief Bailiff, or his Deputy Officer or Officers, by Order of the coutc*

said Commissioners then sitting, or any three or more of them, to take such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, into Custody, and carry him, her or them before one or more of his Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surry, to answer such Affront, Insult or Abuse; upon the Fact alleged being duly proved, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, against him, her or them, then, and in such Case, the said Justice or Justices shall proceed to punish such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, by Fine or Imprisonment, or both; provided that the Fine on anyone Person do not exceed the Sum of twenty Shillings, and that the Imprisonment be for no longer Time than ten Days.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Nonpayment of the said Fine, so to Fine to He le be imposed or set upon every Person convicted of offending as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the vied by distre.i said Justice or Justices to issue a Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hands and Seals, for levying the and Sale, said Fine or Fines so imposed upon the Goods and Chattles of every such Offender or Offenders, being the n

ref.ant or inhabiting within the said Town and Borough, or within any of the Parishes, Limits or Precincts aforesaid, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed in five Days, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner upon Demand, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; which Fine or Fines, when levied or received by virtue of this Act, shall be immediately paid over into the Hands of the Churchwardens or the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, wherein every such Offender shall, at the Time of such Offence committed, inhabit, dwell, or leek a Livelihood, towards the Support and Maintenance of the Poor of the same Parish; if such Offender or Offenders shall not be of^nij(, r. reliant or inhabiting within the said Town and Borough, or within any of the Parishes, Limits or Precincts being an inhabi aforesaid, or shall not have any Goods or Chattles within the said Town anil Borough, or within any of the tant, C Parishes, Limits or Precincts aforesaid, whereof such Fine or Fines can be levied as aforesaid; and in 111 h Case, and upon Nonpayment of such Fine or Fines, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice or nj not paying Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or the Fines, to be ()ffenders to the Counry Gaol of the said County of Surry, there to remain until he, she or they shall pay committed, the said Fine or Fines so imposed as aforesaid, not exceeding one Calendar Month; and such Fine or Fines, when levied or received, shall be immediately paid over into the Hand of the Justice or Justices who granted such Warrant or Warrants, as aforesaid, to be distributed among the poor Prisoners for Debt in the said Prison, in such Manner as he or they shall think fit.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks of the said Court, or one of Copy of the two them, shall fix, or cause to be fixed or stuck up, in the moult public!: Part of the Court House of the said preceding Clan town and Borough, or other Place where the said Commissioners shall fit to do Business as aforesaid, gjtrue f«tob: ftuc!c Copy of the two last preceding Clauses of this Add, to the End that no Person or Persons shall or may pre jf0y" ethe curt tend Ignorance in the Premisses.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall make Penalty of il. Oath, or give Evidence, in any Cause depending in the said Court of Requests, whereby he, she or they, nil or cormpr shall commit any wilful or corrupt Perjury, and thereof be duly convicted according to Law, then every such pl rjj1')*

- B fe 2 Pci son'

Clerks ap' puinted.

Method of choosing Clerks.

Commissioners not to act till they have taken the Oath following.

Tite Oath

c>rk to administer and register the Oath.

Tabic of Fees

Table of Fees to be hung up in the Courthouse.

Officers taking other Sees, or misbehaving to forfeit ao 1.

and Cods. Actions to be commenced.in 3 Months.

Regulations on Co^plaint of Mdbehaviour f Clerks.

C 47. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

Person or Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties, as any other person or Persons convicted of wilful Perjury, according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That John Butler, of the Parish of Saint Olave Southwark, in the County of Surry, Gentleman, and Hammett Richardson, of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey in the County aforesaid, Gentleman, are constituted and appointed Clerks of the said Court of Requests during their respective good Behaviour therein; who shall and are hereby required to issue out all Summonses, Warrants, Precepts, Acts, Orders, Decrees, Judgments, Attachments and Proceedings of the said Court; and shall keep proper Books, wherein shall be entered and registered all Acts, Orders and Proceedings of the same Court.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners in Court, or the major Part of them, on the next Court Day after the Death, Resignation or legal Amoval of both or either of the said John Butler, and Hammett Richardson, the Clerks appointed by this Act, or so soon after as the same is publicly known, and they are hereby required, to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned, who, next before such Death, Resignation or Amoval, were nominated and returned, as aforesaid, to meet at the Place aforesaid, within twenty Days next after their being summoned as aforesaid; such Commissioners at such Meeting are hereby authorised, empowered and required, by Ballot, to elect and choose another Person or Persons in the Room of both or either of the said John Butler and Hammett Richardson so dying, resigning, or being amoved as aforesaid, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act contained; and so from time to time, upon every Vacancy of the said Office of Clerk, forever.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall be capable of acting as Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of the Powers given by this Act, until such Time as he and they shall respectively have taken an Oath to the Effect following;

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially and honestly, according to the best of my Judge 4 JL ment hear and determine such Matters and Things as shall be brought before me by virtue of an Act ' of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, zuithin the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newington, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christ: Church, Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surry, and the several Preclndls and Liberties of the same; without Favour or Affection to either Party

Which Oath the said Clerks, or one of them, is or are hereby empowered to administer; shall cause a Memorial thereof to be entered among the Records of the said Court.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Sees and Sums of Money, hereafter limited and expressed, and no more or greater Fees, shall and may be taken for the respective Services of the Bailiff and Clerks; that is to say,

For every Summons, to the Bailiff threepence, to the Clerk threepence.

For every Hearing, to the Bailiff one Penny, to the Clerk threepence.

For an Attachment against the Defendant for not appearing to the Summons, to the Bailiff one Shilling and twopence, to the Clerk sixpence.

For giving Notice to the Complainant of the Service of the Attachment, to the Bailiff fourpence.

For an Execution, to the Bailiff one Shilling and twopence, to the Clerk ten Pence.

For paying Money into Court, to the Bailiff one Penny, to the Clerk seven Pence.

For acknowledging Satisfaction in full, to the Bailiff twopence, to the Clerk fourpence.

For acknowledging Satisfaction in part, to the Bailiff one Penny, to the Clerk threepence.

For searching the lbooks, to the Clerk twopence.

For calling the Defendant before the Court, when he refuses to appear, to the Bailiff twopence, to the

Clerk twopence.

For the complainant's marking his Appearance, to excuse his Attendance the first Court Day, to the Clerk, fourpence.

For a Nonsuit on the Plaintiff not appearing, to the Clerk two Pence.'

A Table of which said Fees shall be hung up by the Clerks of the said Court, or one of them, in some public and conspicuous Part of the said Courthouse, or other Place where the said Commissioners shall meet for the Purposes aforesaid, to the End that all Persons concerned may, at all Times, see and read over the same; and if the said Chief Bailiff for the time being, or any of his Officers, shall take or demand any greater or other Sees, than as abovementioned, or shall otherwise ntifbehave himself or themselves in the Execution of his or their Office, then he and they, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sunt of twenty Pounds to any Person or Persons, who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information; in which no Essoin, Privilege, Protection or Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance hill be allowed; so that such Action or Suit be commenced within three Calendar Months after the Offence be committed, and not otherwise.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Complaint made by any Person or Persons, of the Misbehaviour or Breach of Duty of any Clerk or Clerks appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, or of any Clerk or Clerks taking or demanding any greater or other Fees than as abovementioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners then sitting in Court to inquire into the Nature of such Complaint; and if it shall appear to the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that such Complaint deserves the Consideration of the whole Number of Commissioners nominated and returned, as nfore said, then such Commissioners so sitting in Court, as aforesaid, are hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned to meet ns soon as conveniently may be, by public No

A.D. 1749. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II.

C 48. 189

Limitation with lefpeft to certain Debts, C

Limitation of Actions.

[General issue.]

Treble Cells

Quakers Affirmation allowed.

Penalty on false Affirming.

Public ah

Explained and amended by 32 Geo. 2. c. 6.

tice to be given in the several Parish Churches within the said District, by the Parish Clerks thereof, immediately alter Divine Service, on the Sunday Morning next before such Meeting is to be held, such Sunday being at least four Days before the holding of such Meeting, and examine into the Merits of such Complaint; and if it shall then appear to such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that such Clerk or Clerks have or hath been guilty of a gross Misbehaviour, or Breach of Duty, in his or their Office, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to suspend or remove such Clerk or Clerks from his or their said Office, and to elect and choose another Person or Persons in his or their Room.

XVI. Provided always, That this Actor anything therein contained, shall not extend to any Debt for any Rent upon any Lease of Lands or Tenements, or any other real Contracts, nor to any other Debt that shall arise by reason of any Cause concerning Testament or Matrimony, or anything concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, albeit the same shall be under forty Shillings; anything before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act; then, and in such Case, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit to be brought, shall and may plead the General issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits; or if upon verdit or Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Affirmation or Affirmations of the People called Quakers, shall be allowed of and taken in all Cases where any Oath or Oaths is or are directed to be taken by this Act, instead of such Oath or Oaths; and shall be administered by the lame Persons, as such Oath or Oaths is or are to be administered; every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false Affirming, shall incur and suffer the same Penalties and Forfeitures, as are inflicted and imposed by any Laws and Statutes of this Realm, upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Public Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and all other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to ascertain and establish the Method of Proceeding to and upon Outlawries for High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in Scotland.

ft7hereas by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late 7 Annie, C 21, Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for improving the tjnion of the two Kingdoms, all Pro '

ceedings upon Indictments for High Treason or Misprision of High Treason, committed in Scotland, ought

to be according to the Laws of England: And whereas Doubts may arise touching the Method of Pro ' ceeding in Scotland to outlaw Persons, against whom Bills of Indictment are or may be found there for High Treason or Misprision of High Treason, by reason of the Different Forms of Proceedings of the Courts of Justice in England and in Scotland, and of the different Kinds of Officers to carry the same

into Execution Now, in order to remove all such Doubts, and to establish one certain, clear and plain Order and Method of Proceeding to Outlawry against Persons who have been, or shall be indicted for High Treason, or Misprision of High Erealon, in Scotland, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Person or Persons is, are or shall be indicted for High Treason or Misprision of High Treason, before any Court of Justice in Scotland, j^whonp aee* having Jurisdidtian to take such Indictments, and shall not be in Custody for the same, lhe Court wherein jndiawnt for such Indictment is or shall he found, or to which the same is or shall he duly certified, shall have full Power High Treason and Authority, and are required, to issue one Writ of Capias against the Person or Persons so indicted, be srmirpriften ing so out of Custody as aforesaid, directed to the Sheriff or Stewart of the County, Shire or Stewartry, shall be found, wherein such Indictment is or shall be found, and made returnable in the same Court, forty-two Days at of the least after the Teste thereof, or a longer Time, by the Discretion of the said Court, if the Case re the uanv"if not quires it; which Writ shall be delivered to such Sheriff or Stewart, who shall endeavour to find and appre in Custody, &c, hend the Defendant or Defendants named in such Writ, within his County, Shire or Stewartry; and if the Defendant or Defendants shall be named in the said Writ of any Parish or Place which lies in any County,

Shire or Stewartry, other than that in which such Indictment shall be found, then the said Court shall

issue one other Writ of Capias to the Sheriff or Stewart of such other County, Shire or Stewartry, of the same Teste, Return and Import with the said first mentioned Writ of Capias; and if such respective Sheriff'

or Stewart shall return to both the said Writs, or to the said first mentioned Writ of Capias (in Cases where

only one shall be necessary to be issued) that the said Defendant or Defendants is or are not to be found

within the respective Counties, Shiies or Stewai tries of such Sheriff or Stewart, then the same Court shall

issue two other Writs, the one a Writ of Proclamation, the other a Writ of Exigent, and teffed the Day

of the Return of the said Writ or Writs of Capias, and directed to the Sheriff or Stewart of the County, or Writ of Pro

Shire or Stewartry in which the Parish or Place, House or Estate of which the Defendant or Defendants is, 'lafmt, on

are e^cnt'

190 C 48.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

Return of the Wills,

Manner of exe.are or shall be named or described in the said Indictment lieth; and such Writs shall be both returnable on cution, and Uft one and the same future Day, and shall be delivered to such Sheriff or Stewart, who shall execute and return the same in the Manner following (that is to say) By virtue of the said Writ of Proclamation, the said Sheriff or Stewart shall cause the said Defendant or Defendants to be proclaimed three Times (that is to say) once at the Court of the Sheriff or Stewart Depute of such Shire or Stewartry, and a second Time at the Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the same County, Shire or Stewartry, and a third Time near to the Church Door, or if there shall be no Church, in some public Part of the Parish or Place of which the said Defendant or Defendants shall be named or described in the said Indictment, between the Hours of ten of the Clock in the Morning, and two in the Afternoon, and such third Proclamation shall be made twenty-eight Days at leaf); before the fifth and last sheriff's or stewart's Depute Court, at which the said Defendant or Defendants are to be called by virtue of the said Writ of Exigent, in the Manner herein after mentioned; and by virtue of the said Writ of Exigent, the said Sheriff or Stewart shall cause the Defendant or Defendants to be called to appear at each of the five successive Courts to be held by the Sheriff or Stewart Depute for the said County, Shire or Stewartry; and if the Defendant or Defendants shall not appear and surrender himself or themselves, so as to be forth coming to Justice at some one or other of the said Courts, at which he or they shall be so proclaimed or called as aforesaid, the said Sheriff or Stewart Depute shall, at the last of the said five Courts, pronounce Judgement of Outlawry again if him, her or them, and shall sign such Judgement of Outlawry; and the Sheriff or Stewart of such County, Shire or Stewartry, shall return the same, and the Writs of Proclamation and Exigent, into the Court from whence the same shall issue, together with Indorsements on each, certifying that the said Sheriff or Stewart has done everything required of him by the said Writs, and that the Defendant or Defendants did not appear (if Defendants not that shall be the Case) and thereupon such Defendant or Defendants shall be and be deemed to be outlawed appearing, to be for such Pligh Treason or Misprision of High Treason respectively, according to Law, to all Intents and outlawed, and Purposes whatsoever; and the Defendant or Defendants so outlawed for High Treason, shall be and be deemed to be attainted of such High Treason as is or shall be mentioned and contained in such indiisltnenr, and shall be subject and liable to such and the like Execution and Corruption of Blood, and to such and the like Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures and processes, which respect to their Estates Real and Personal, move able and immoveable, to which Persons attainted of High Treason are by Law subject and liable; and the Defendant or Defendants so outlawed for Misprision of High Treason, shall be fuhjeff and liable to all such and the like Forfeitures, and to all such and the like processes, out of the Court where the said Writ or Writs, Proclamation or Proclamations, and Judgement of Outlawry shall be returned, and also out of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to seize and take the Person and Estate, and Goods movable and immoveable, Real and Personal, of such Defendants so outlawed for Misprision of High Treason, as Persons output awed Per lawed according to the Law of England for Misprision of High Treason are liable and subject to; and all suns to have the Defendants outlawed for High Treason or Misprision of High Treason, in Scotland, shall, as near as can Remedies allow be, have all such and the like Writs, Means, Methods, Remedies and Advantages, in such and the like Manner and Time, and on such and the like Terms and Conditions, for avoiding, falsifying or reversing any such Outlawry, as may he had by the Law and Usage of England in the like Cases (excepting so far as the Forms of Proceeding are varied and settled by this Act); and all the Writs herein before mentioned, with the Returns thereof, and Judgments of Outlawry, shall be recorded and preserved in the Court to which the said Writs shall be returned, unless removed by due Course of Law.

II. And whereas the Courts of the Sheriff or Stewart Depute in Scotland, are not held at certain flated Times, which might occasion Uncertainty and Delay in the before mentioned Proceedings, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Sheriffs or Stewarts, to whom the said respective Writs of Procla

beia by the She mation and Exigent shall be directed and delivered, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required forth rift to whfiiri with to cause five successive Courts of the Sheriff or Stewart Depute to be held for the Purposes before thal^bcdivefled' n Inch Manner as shall be necessary for the due Execution of the said Writs, three Days No'

'being first given, before the first Court, at the Head Borough of the County or Stewartry, of the Times and Places where such Courts shall be held; and the first of the said five successive Courts, at which the Defendant or Defendants is or are to be called by virtue of the Writ of Exigent, shall be held within twenty Days after the Delivery thereof to the Sheriff or Stewart, and each of the four successive Courts shall be held at the End of four Weeks from the Court preceding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Writs of Capias, Proclamation and Exigent, shall be in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, under the Seal of such

ed by the Laws of England.

The Writs, with the Returns and Outlawries, to be recorded.

Five successive Courts to be

Forms of the several Writs, and their Execution.

Writ of Capias. Writ of Proclamation.

Courts from whence the same shall issue, and such Writ of Capias shall contain a Command to the Sheriff or Stewart, to take the Defendant or Defendants, and bring him, her or them before the Court whence the said Writ shall iilue, at a certain Time and Place therein to be mentioned; and the Writ of Proclamation shall command such Sheriff or Stewart to take the Defendant or Defendants, and have him, her or them before such Court, at a certain Time and Place therein to be mentioned; and if he, she or they cannot be found within his Shire or Stewartry, then to cause public Proclamation to be made in the Court of the Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute, at the General Quarter sessions of the Peace, to be held for the same Shire or Stewartry, and at the Door of the Church or Place, or if no Church, at some open Part of the place, of which such Defendant or Defendants is, are or shall be named or described in such Indictment, that lie, file or they be before the Court from whence such Writ shall iilue, at a certain Time and Place 'writ of Exigent, therein to be mentioned; and the said Writ of Exigent shall contain a Command to the Sheriff or Stewart, to cause the Defendant or Defendants to be called, from Court to Court of the Sheriff or Stewart Depute, until he, she or they be outlawed; and if he, she or they shall appear, then to take him, her or them, and have his, her or their Body or Bodies before the Court, whence such Writ of Exigent shall issue, at a certain Time and Place therein to be mentioned, to answer to his Majesty, his Fleirs or Successors. the Crime of which lie. she, or they is, arecr shall be indiisled,

A.D. 1749. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 49. 191

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, so to be outlawed for High Persons bcinb Treason as aforesaid, shall, at the Time of such Outlawry pronounced, be Refiant or Inhabitant out of the out of the King limits of this Kingdom of Great Britain, and such Person shall, within one Year after such Outlawry pro tom, andretarn nounced, yield himself or herself to the Lord Justice General, justice Clerk or any of the Commissioners ofy|a" 1^" (ar. Judiciary in Scotland, he or fire shall be at Liberty to traverse the Indictment on which such Outlawry shall versethevn 4* be pronounced, and take his or her Trial thereupon; and in case he or she, on such Trial, shall be found diament.

Not Guilty, by Verdict of the Jury, he or she shall be clearly acquitted and discharged of the said Outlawry, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for the same, in as large and ample a Manner and Form, as though no such Outlawry had been made.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for making a Free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster, and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolising of Fish, for allowing the Sale of Fish, under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the Hrfb Year of his late majesty's Reign, in case the lame are taken with a Hook.

WHEREAS a free and open Market for Fish in the City of Westminster would greatly tend to in fi,

crease the Number of Fishermen, and improve and encourage the Fishery of this Kingdom; 'May i Geo. i, <. i3. it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Ex 5 Geo. ir cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, 1 z C

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty

fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, there shall be a free and open Market held "forfish t, b. c. in the City of Westminster for all Sorts of Fish whatsoever; and that it shall and may be lawful for any held in West. Person or Persons to buy or sell any Sort of Fish in the said Market, without any Disturbance or Molesta rainster. tion whatsoever; nevertheless yielding and paying such Sums as are herein after mentioned.

amended by 29 Geo. 2. c. 39. which is in Part repealed by 33 Geo. 2. c. 27.

II. And to the end the said intended Market may be erected, established and maintained, under such Trustees Names, Rules and Regulations as are by this Act herein after directed and prescribed; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Lieutenant General James Oglethorpe, the Right Honourable Granville Lcvefon Gower Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Trentham\ the Right Honourable George Doddington ef choir, Sir Peter Warren Knight of the Bath, Sir Bouchier ivrey Baronet, Sir Robert Grosvenor Baronet, Sir

John Crojfe Baronet, Sir Richard Lloyd Knight, John Laroche Esquire, George Harrison Esquire, Thomas Fonnereau Esquire, Reverend Doctor Scawen Kenrick, William Lowndes Esquire, Captain Phillip Dttrell,

Thomas Wyndham Esquire, Thomas Smith Esquire, Hannan Verelft Esquire, George Pain Esquire, Henry

icheere Esquire, Daniel Gell, Esquire, Francis Hutchinson Esquire, William Pearce Esquire, the Reverend ifilfon D. D. one of the Prebendaries of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster;

Richard Combes Esquire, Francis Gwyn Esquire, Edward Vernon Esquire, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be, and are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act in Execution; and they, or the Survivors of them, or any five or more of them, are hereby invested with all and every the Powers and Authorities given and granted by this Act.

III. And whereas a Sum of Money will be necessary for preparing a proper Place for the said Market,

and in maintaining and keeping the same in Repair, and other incidental Charges attending the same Be

it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one Duties to bepaii

thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, there shall be paid to the said Trustees, or such other Person or7 Fiflwrmen.

Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, from time to time, appoint to receive the same, the following Sums by every Fisherman, or other Person or Persons, selling any Sort of Fish in the said Market, for coming with his Boat or Vessel to, or landing, (landing, being or selling in or at the said

Market; that is to say,

For each Vessel laden with Salt Fish, for Groundage, the Sum of eight Pence for each Day, and twenty The Duties, 1

Pence for each Voyage. -'1

For each lobster boat, dogger boat, Smack or other Vessel, laden with fresh Sea Fish, the Sum of twopence for each Day for Groundage, and thirteen Pence each Voyage.

For every oyster vessel or Cock twopence each Day for Groundage, one Halfpenny for each Bushel for Metage, and thirteen Pence each Voyage.'

Which said several Sums shall, and they are hereby declared to be vested in the said Trustees and their Sue dutiesveflej In celtors; and the same, and every Part thereof, shall be paid, applied and disposed of, and assigned to and the Trustees; for the several Uses, Intents and Purposes, and in such Manner as is herein after mentioned and directed; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, cr any five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, under their Hands and Seals, shall, at a General Meeting, nominate and appoint, to demand and take the Sums hereby granted and made payable; and to levy the an(j may be le same upon any Person or Persons who shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay such vied by Distress Sums as aforesaid, by Distress of any Boat or Boats, or the Tackle or Furniture thereto belonging, or there ale

found, and belonging to the Person or Persons, who by this Act are made liable to the Payment of the same; and to detain and keep such Goods and Chattles so diilrained, until such Sums, with the reasonable Charges of such distraining and keeping, shall be paid; and such Person and Persons so distraining, after the Space of three Days after such Distress made and taken, shall and may sell the Goods so distrained, returning

Trustees impow creil to borrow Aloney, and af figii the Dutiss,

A pphcasion of Monks,

Trustees to appoint Officers,

and remove them.

Collector and Treasurer to account upon Oath,

and to produce Vouchers, and pay over the Balance, and in Default, to be committed.

The Trustees ts deliver yearly to the Justices, an Account of Receipts and Difourfements,

to be kept among the Records, C Surplus to be applied in apprenticing Sea boys.

Fish bought in the Market, rr.a be sold in any other Place,

Contracts between fisher rnen and fish rnongeis before

29Sept. 1749, declared void j

192 C. 49. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

turning the Overplus, if any be, upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Sums, and the reasonable Charges for dillraining and keeping the same, shall be deducted and paid.

IV. And whereas the Money to be collected by virtue of this Act, will not immediately raise a sufficient Stock for eft efting the Purposes thereof; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thjc from and after the passing this Act, the Trustees appointed or to be appointed to put the same in Execution, or any five or more of them, hall and may, from time to time, at a General Meeting held by them for that Purpose, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, assign over the said Sums arising by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by the said Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, to such Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who shall advance and lend the same, to secure the Payment thereof, with such Interest as shall be agreed upon, not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Money arising by the said Sums granted by this Act, or the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, as aforesaid, the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at a public Meeting assembled, shall in the first Place pay and discharge all Expenses and Charges incurred in passing this Act of Parliament; and in the next Place, shall pay and discharge the Expenses of laying out, making and erecting a commodious Place for the said Market, and in finishing and keeping the same in Repair, and all other necessary Expenses attending the Execution of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall and may, at the first or any succeeding General Meeting, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, chufc and appoint one or more fit Person or Persons to be Collector or Collectors of the Sums aforesaid; and shall appoint one or more Treasurer or Treasurers, and all other necessary Officers, as to them shall appear proper for the better Execution of the Powers contained in this Act, allowing to such Person or Persons so by them appointed, such Salaries or other Rewards for their Trouble as to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall appear just and reasonable; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall and they are hereby empowered to remove or displace such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collectcc or Collectors, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, so by them from time.to time appointed, and to place others in their Stead; and the Person or Persons so appointed to coiled and receive the said Sum or Sums, and also such Treasurer or Treasurers so appointed as aforesaid, shall, before the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, upon the first Monday in every Month, or oftener, if thereunto required by the said Trustees as aforesaid, give in a true, exact and perfect Account in Writing, under their respective Hands, of all the Moneys which he or they, and every or any of them, shall to such Time have received, paid and disbursed by virtue of this Act, by reason of their respective Offices; and produce Vouchers for the same, and shall pay over such Balance to such Person or Persons, as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall at such Meeting direct; in case such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, shall refuse to give in such Account as often as required by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at a General Meeting, such Person or Persons so refusing shall be committed to the common Gaol of the said City and Liberty, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty of Westminster, upon Application made to him by two of the said Trustees, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or the' shall make or render in a rrue, exact and perfect Account of their Receipts and Disbursements by virtue of this Act; and shall have produced and delivered up all Vouchers relating thereto; and shall have likewise paid over the Money due on such Account to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall direct and appoint to receive the same.

VII. And be further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall yearly, and every Year, within six Weeks next after the twenty-fifth Day o(december, make up, and deliver in to the Justices of the Peace acting within the said City of Westminster, at any Petty or Special Sessions nftembled, a just, true and perfect Account in Writing, fairly entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, of all and ev.iy Sum and Sums of Money which they shall know to have been received or disbursed under the Authority of this Act, during the preceding Year, with the Balance (if any) remaining in the Hands of the said triif te, s; and such Accounts shall be kept by the Clerk of the said Sessions among the Records thereof, to be inspected by any Person or Persons desiring the same, upon Payment of one Shilling to the said Clerk; and if any Surplus of the said Sums shall remain in the Hands of the said Trustees, the same is hereby appropriated to, and shall be applied yearly and every Year by them, within Twelve Months next after the delivering of such Accounts to the said Justices as aforesaid, in the Binding out Boys Apprentices to filber mc'.i, ivlafters of Ships, or some other Person or Persons employed in the Sea Service; such Boys to be chosen by a Majority of the said Trustees at a General Meeting to be held for that Purpose.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Fishmonger, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall buy any Fish in the said Market, to sell

the same again in any other Place or Places, within the said City of ifejhninjiay or elsewhere, being found and wholfeme Fish, without any Let or Disturbance from any Person or Persons whatsoever for lo doing; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas the Laws now in Being have proved insufficient to prevent themonopolizing and Fore flailing of Fish; 'it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, all and every Contrast or Contrasts, which shall, before that Time, have been made, and which are to take effect after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, between any Fishermen and Fish mongers, or between any other Persons whatsoever, in regard to the Sale of Fish to be afterwards sold by Retale, shall be, and are hereby declared to be absolutely void; and all such Contrasts, which are or shall be made to take Effect

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749. C. 49.

in Part before the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, flrail be, Contracts to and are hereby declared to be void, so far as they shall relate to, or be intended to take Effect at any Time take f.fleet m subsequent to the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; and if be % !. from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, any penalty on con Fitherman, 'Fishmonger, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, hall enter into, or make any Con trailing for Fish trafl or Contrasts for buying up Fish to be sold again b Retale, before such Fish shall be brought to an to be sold by Reopen Market, and there exposed to public Sale, such Contrail or Contrails are hereby declared to be ab talc b fmc the folutely void; and each and every Party so contrailing, as well the Buyer as the Seller, hall forfeit and pay be

for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered and levied in Manner herein after men jvinrket. ° tioned; one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the said Trustees appointed by this Act, or any five or more Application of of them, or their Order, to be placed to the general Account, to be appropriated as aforesaid, and the other the Torfeituic. Moiety to such Person or Persons as hall inform, sue for, and recover the same.

X Provided always, That if either of the Parties so contrailing as aforesaid, shall, before any Inforrna Either Party in

tion made against him, inform against the other, such Party so informing, 'so as such other Party may be fanning, to be duly conviiled of such Offence, shall not only be acquitted from the said Penalty, but shall also be entitled to rcf^tufethe sue for in his, her or their own Name, and recover the whoie Forfeiture incurred by the other; one Moiety or f.' ur.e' thereof to be paid to the said Trustees, and appropriated as aforesaid; the other Moiety to such Person uievorfekurl or Persons who shall sue for and recover the same.'-

XI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to cor.tnfhfor

make void any Contrails already made, or to prevent any Contrails to be made by any Fishmonger or Fish Frcft Salmon, mongers, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, in regard to Fresh Salmon or Soles brought by Land Car soiej> fier riage, or to Oysters, or Salt or Dried Fish. m°ui?ubfift

XII. And left Fishermen, and other Persons employed in catching, importing or vending of Fish, 1'u J'J, ' "

should bring Fish to j|hieenborough, Gravesend, or some other Place or Places in the River of Thames,

and there keep it for a considerable Time, and send only small Quantities, from time to time, to Market;

with a View to keep up the Price of the several Species of Fish, which such Person or Persons respective ly import or trade in which Practice will not only tend to enhance the Value of Fish, but also to render 1 it unwholesome Food, to the great Prejudice of the Consumer, as well as the Fishery in general; To prevent such Practises, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Fisherman, or other Per pennhyon. son or Persons whatsoever. Natives or Foreigners, shall keep any Fish at fhieenborough>, Gravesend or other Fiilurmen not Place or Places, in any well boat, store boat, or any other Manner, whatsoever, so as not to sell oft" their Muhin's Dais LI whole Cargoe of Fish, within the Space of eight Days, from their Arrival on the British Coast, between frim tvcir av korth Yarmouth and Dover, after their first Arrival at the respective Place or Places as aforesaid, every Person rival on the or Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted by the Confession of the Party, or the Oath Coafi between of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the whole Cargoe of y'lrrnol, th and Fish belonging to him, and also the Vessel, with her Tackle, 'Apparel and Furniture, to be levied by Di d°vcr' stress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the respective County where the Offence flrail be committed; which Warrant or Warrants the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to make, upon the Information on Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer)) the said Produce thereof flrail go and be applied, one Moiety Application cf. to the Use and Benefit of the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where the forfeiture, the Offence shall be committed.

XIII. And whereas the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Nevj Pa Commissionera lace Yard in the City of ivcfhninster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry, are pofl efled of a Piece of Ground near Camion Row in the said City of Westm ntfler, which is conveniently situate for holding the |^p0«rcrc"

said intended Market; 'Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said make a Grant Commissioners are hereby authorised and empowered to make a Grant of the said Piece of Ground, to the of a Piece of Trustees appointed by this Act, and their Successors, to be made use of for holding the said intended Mar Ground for the ket; for the Grant of which Ground the said Trustees shall pay the said Commissioners the Sum of five m*rp, tr, chase Pounds, as the Consideration or purchase money for the same. money*"

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right and Property of all the build ings, and the Materials employed therein for making the said Market commodious, shall be vested in the said Trustees, appointed or to be appointed to put this Act in Execution, and they, or any five or more of the trusteept them, are hereby authorised and empowered to bring Actions or prefer Bills of Indictment, against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take away, break down, or otherwise damage such Building or Materials employed therein.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Person or Persons, appointed or' Xruflee te to be appointed by this Act a T rust ee or Trustees for putting the same in Execution, shall have or accept of accept of am any Place of Profit arising out of, or by reason of any Sums by this Act laid or granted; but such Person or Place of Profit, Persons shall be incapable of adding as a Trustee or Trustees from the Time of his accepting, and during the Enjoyment of such plnce of Profit as aforesaid.

XVI. And for continuing a sufficient Number of Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, Be it furon Death nr there enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any Trustee or Trustees shall die, or, Removal of by Writing under his or their Hand, refuse to act, it shall and may be lawful for such of the said Trustees Troflees, others as shall then survive or remain, or any seven or more of them, at any General Meeting, by any Writitig or to e C C 'in' Writings under their Hands and Seals, to cleft, nominate and appoint one or more fit Person or Persons

in the Room or Place of such Trustee or Trustees so dying or refusing to act as aforesaid; such Person or Persons so elected, nominated or appointed, shall be joined with such surviving or remaining Trustees Execution of all and every the Powers in them reposed by virtue of this Act.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II.

194 C 50 — 52.

A.D. 1749.

First Meeting of the Tiuftics.,

Bond? for not filing for any Penalty, declared void.

Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Limitation cf tvdlions.

general Issue.

[Treble Costs.]

I Geo. 1. C i See 29 Geo. 2. 39-

Fish under Size, if taken with a Hook, may be sold.

C ncerr.ing

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the first Meeting of the said Trustees 111 all be on the second Monday in July, at the House known by tile Name of the King's Anns in tyre Neva Palace Yard, in the City of Westminster, and they shall have Power to adjourn their succeeding Meetings, from time to time, and to such Plaees, as they shall think fit.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Bonds or other Securities whatsoever, to be en'.ered into, or given, for not suing or recovering any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred or to be incurred by virtue of this AG, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be absolutely null and void; any Law, Statute, Custom or tjfage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or infliged by virtue of this AG, if not otherwise by this AG direged to be recovered, shall and may be prosecuted and recovered by agion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, protegion, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and such Forfeitures shall so and be applied (if not otherwise direged by this AG) one Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall inform, sue for, or recover the same; and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where the Cause of agion shall arise.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any agion or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for anything done in pursuance of this AG, every such agion or Suit shall be brought within six Mouths next after the fag committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or brought in the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, and notelfewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such agion ar Suit so to be brought, shall and may plead the General Issue, Not Guilty, and give this AG, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this AG; and if it shall appear so to have been done, or that such agion or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such tyr; dig, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his agion, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Case by Law.

XXI. And whereas by an AG of the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Frejls Fish taken by Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fiji); and for the giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turleis in Foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England; it is enacted, That no Bret, Turbet, Bril or Pearl, Codlin, Whiting, Mullet, Bass, ' Place, Soles or Flounders, which shall not be of the several Lengths or Sizes therein described, shall be sold, offered or exposed Sale, or exchanged for any other Goods, in that Part of Great Britain called England: And whereas several of the said Fish are taken with a Hook, and though thrown again into the Sea, cannot be preserved alive Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Fish under such dimensions, as are prohibited by the said recited Clause, may be exposed to Sale, or exchanged for any other Goods, provided such Fish are taken with a Hook, and so not fit or capable of being preserved alive; anything contained in the said recited AG to the contrary notwithstanding.

Fishiry Ice farther 13 Geo. 2. 24 & 26. 26 Geo. 2. c. 9.: S Geo. 2. c. 14, 29 Gm. 2. C 23 £? 39. 30 Gsc. 2. r.21 & 30. 33 Geo. 2. c. 27.

CAP. L

An Act for the better repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch in the County of middlej'ex; and for better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, paf sages and Courts there; and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels, within the said Parish.

PR.

CAP. LI.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an AG passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highroad leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tees to Darlington., and from thence through ivinjhn to Barnard Caflc in the same County, and for the effegual amending of the same.

PR.

The AG zo Geo. 2. c. 25. continued for 15 Years.

CAP. LIE

An Act for vesting the several Eft aces of James late Earl of dervsen'.voaler and Charles Radcliffe, deceased, comprised in several Settlements therein mentioned, in Trustees, for an absolute Estate of Inheritance, for the Benefit of the Royal Hospita] at Greenwich; and for raising certain Sums of Money out of Part of the said Estates, for the Relief of the Children of the said Charles Radcliffe.

'this was puhiished in tba scjjior.s his, as n private Act,

ytf7'hep^eas by Indentures of Lease and Release, the Lease bearing Date the Day next before the Day of the Date of the Release, and the Release being Quadripartite, bearing Date the twenty fourth Day of March, Anno Domini one thousand six hundred and ninety one, and made between the Right Honourable Francis late Earl of Dcnventwater of the first Part; the Right Honourable Edward Radcliffe, Esquire, by the Name of Edward Lord Viscount radcujfc and Langley, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of the said Earl, of the second Part; the Honourable Francis Radcliffe. Thomas Radcliffe, ihilian

A.D. 1749. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 52.

Radcliffe and Arthur Radcliffe, Esquires, younger Sons of the said Francis Ear! of Derwentwater, of the third Fart; and Sir John Lawson, Baronet, and Francis Tunstall, Esquire, of the fourth Part; all that the Manor and Lordship of s.hjlone, alias Aldstone Moore, and Oarrigitl, and all and every the Rights, Mcm ' bers and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, situate, lying and being i 1 the County of Cumberland; and all those Messuages Lands and Tenements situate, lying and being in Corbridge, in the County of North ' mrlcrhmd; and all those two Parts, the Whole in three Parts to be divided, of the Manor and Lordship of Newton Flail in the said County of Northumberland, with the Appurtenances; and all that Meflunge or '.tenement, with the Appurtenances, called Showing Sheets, lying in the County of Northumberland af ore said; all that Tenement or Farmhold, with the Appurtenances, called Blackaburn, lying in the said County of Northumberland, and all those Messuages, Lands and Tenements, with the Appurtenances,

situate, lying and being in Alnwick in the said County of Northumberland; and all that Moiety or one half Part of the Village or Township of Buteland, lying and being in the Parish of Chollerton and County of Northumberland aforesaid, and all the Lands and Grounds thereunto belonging; and also the Moiety of one Tenement or Farmhold, with the Appurtenances, called Broomeup, lying and being in the Parish and County aforesaid, and all the Lands and Grounds thereunto belonging; and also the Moiety or one half ' Part of a Tenement or Farmhold, with the appurtenances, called The Steele, and the Lands and Grounds thereunto belonging and also the Moiety or one half Part of a Tenement or Farmhold, with the Appurtenances, called Hindhaugh, lying and being in the Parish and County aforesaid, and all the Lands and Grounds thereunto belonging; and also the Moiety or one half Part of a Tenement or Farmhold, with the Appurtenances, called The Fellin, lying and being in the Parish and County aforesaid - all the Lands and Grounds thereunto belonging; and also the Moiety or one half Part of a Tenement or Farm hold, with the Appurtenances, calied The Stidley Hill, lying and being in the Parish of Coffenfyde in the County aforesaid, and all the Lands and Grounds thereunto belonging; and all those Messuages, Lands and Tenements, situate, lying and being in Leehouses, Spittle, New biggin, tfooley, East tfhitkys, jfefl jfhitleys, Lefsbury, Kirke I. helpihgton; one Water Corn Mill called tfooley Mill; all situate, lying and being in the said County of Northumberland; and all those Rectories and Parsonages of Kirke tfbcipington, Har! bitrne, aliasflartburne, zndmidford, lying and being in the said.county of Northumberland; and all theglebe Lands, Tythes, Oblations, Obventions, Profits and Hereditaments whatsoever, to the said several Rec ' lories and Parsonages belonging, or in any wise appertaining; and also those the Corn Tythes of Broxfield,

Lurbittle and L vhinnetly, with their and every of their Appurtenances, situate, lying and being in the said County of Northumberland; were, for the Considerations in the said recited Indenture Quadripartite mentioned, settled, limited and allured, to the Use of the said Francis Earl of Derwentwater, for his Life, with out Impeachment of Waite; and after his Death, and subject to a Trull: for raising five thousand Pounds

5 for the Right Honourable the Lady Mary Radcliffe, Daughter of the said Earl of Derwentwater, and to '.the several Annuities of five hundred Pounds, four hundred Pounds, two hundred Pounds and three hundred Pounds, payable to Francis Radcliffe, Thomas Radcliffe, William Radcliffe and Arthur Radcliffe, the

four younger Sons of the said Francis Earl of Derwentwater, for their respective Lives, to the Use of the said Edward Lord VI fcount Radcliffe and Langley, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; der to the Honourable 'james Radcliffe, Esquire, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste;

der to his first and other Sons, in Tail Male, successively; to the Honourable Francis Radcliffe, Esquire, feccnd Son of the said edivard-lox& Viscount Radcliffe and Langley, for his Life, without 1m

6 peachment of Waste; to the first and other Sons of the I aft named Francis Radcliffe, in Tail Male, successively; Remainder to the third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth and tenth Sons of the said Edward Lord Viscount Radcliffe and Langley, in Tail Male, successively; Remainder to the said Francis Radcliffe, second Son of the said Francis Farl of Derwentwater, for his Life, without Im

peachment of Waite; Remainder to his first and other Son and Sons, in Tail Male, successively; mainder to the said Thomas Radcliffe, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; after his Death

to his first and other Son and Sons, in Tail Male, successively; to the said William Radcliffe,

for his Life, without Impeachment or Waste; to his first and other Sons, in Tail Male, iuc ceffively; Remainder to the said Arthur Radcliffe, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; der to his first and other Sons, in Tail Male, successively; Remainder to the Heirs of the Body of the said Fluids Earl of Derwentwater; to the right Heirs of the same francisiloir] of Derwentwater for ever: And whereas the said Francis Earl of Derwentwater is long since dead; and upon his Death the said Edward called Viscount Radcliffe and Langley, his Son and Heir, became Earl of Derwentwater; and the said Edward is also long since dead; and upon his Death the said James Radcliffe, his Son and Heir,

became Earl of Derwentwater: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release, rhe. Lease bearing Date the Day next before the Day of the Date of the Release; the Release being Sextipartite, bearing Date the twenty-fourth Day of June, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and twelve, and made between Jama late Earl of Derwentwater, of the first Part; Sir John tfebbe, Baronet, and the Honourable Dame Barbara his Wife, and Anna alaria tfebbe, eldest Daughter of the Lid Sir John tfebbe, of the fe cond Part; the Right Honourable Other Earl of Plymouth, and the Right Honourable Richard Earl of Scarborough, of the third Part; the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Viscount Falconberge, and John Rad '. cliffe of London, Doctor in Physic, of the fourth Part; the Right Honourable tfiliam Lord tfiddrington,

(who was afterwards attainted of High Treason) and Nevtl Ridley, Gentleman, of the fifth Part; and the Honourable Francis Radcliffe and Charles Radcliffe, Esquires, Brothers of the said James late Ear] of.

Derwentwater, of the sixth 'Part; in Consideration of a Marriage then intended, and which soon after took Effect, and was solemnised between the said James Earl of Derwentwater and Anna alaria ivibbc; and for other Considerations in the said Indenture of six Parts mentioned; all that the Barony, Manor or Lordship of Langley, with the Rights, Members and Appurtenances thereof, in the County of Northntr, berland; and all and singular Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, pate

C z ' ami

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II.

5 2*

A.D. 1749.

and Parcel, or reputed Part and Parcel of the said Barony or Lordship of lar.gley, or as Part, Parcel or Member thereof, demised, letten, used, occupied or enjoyed, and every of them, with their Appurte nances; and also all those the Manors of tfittingjlall, alias \uittingjlall, and Newlands, Dilston, alias De 4 velston, a)don Shields, tvarkc, Elrington and Meldon, and every of them, with their and every of their Rights, Members and Appurtenances, in the said County of Northumberland; and also all and frngular Messuages, Granges, Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever. Part and Parcel, or re puted Fart and Parcel of the said Manors, every or any of them, or as Part, Parcel or Member of them, ' or any of them, demised, letten, used, occupied or enjoyed, and every of them, with their Appurte*

nances; and all those the Manors, or reputed Manors of Spindleston and jjtchester, Throckley, Coajlley,

Middleton Hall, East Thornton, alias Thornton East, Westwood and Thornborough, and every of them, with their and every of their Rights, Members and Appurtenances in the said County of Northumberland; and also all and Angular Messuages, Granges, Farms, Lands, Meadows, Pastures, Feedings, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever. Part and Parcel, or reputed Part or Parcel of the said last mentioned Manors, ' or reputed Manors, every or any of them, or as Part, Parcel or Member of them, or any of them, de missed, letten, used, occupied or enjoyed, and every of them, with their Appurtenances; all and frngular which said Barony, Manors, or reputed Manors, Messuages, Granges, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises before mentioned, are situate, lying and being in Langley, Whittingjlall, alias ffjuittingjlall, Ncivlands, Dilston, alias Devcljion, Aydon Shields, tvarkc, Elrington, Meldon, Spindleston, ' Utchester, Throckley, Coajlley, Middleton hall, Thornton East, tfejiwood, Thornborough, Nethcrwaraen, Hay ' don Bridge, Bytvell Saint Andrew, Bywell Saint Peter, Corbrigge, Newton Hall, Hexham, Symondburne, Halt whijlle, mias Holtivhijlle, Kirkhaugh, Knarefdall, tvitfield, Balam, balmbrov.gb, Nevobourn, i.fooler, Oving ham and Staley, some or one of them, or some other Town or Towns thereto adjoining, in the said County of northw7iberland; and also all that the Advowson of the Church of Symondbourne, with the appurtenances in the said County of Northumberland; and also all those the Manors, or reputed Manors of Cajllerigg and Derwentwater, alias Keswick, and Thornthvjaite, with their and every of their Rights, Members and Ap ' phrtenances in the County of Cumberland; and also all and Angular Messuages, Granges, Farms, Lands,

Meadows, Pastures, Feedings, Woods, Underwoods, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, Part and Parcel, or reputed Part and Parcel, of the said last mentioned Manors of Cajllerigg and Derwentwater, "alias Keswick, and Thorntlnvaite, or any Part of them, or as Part, Parcel or Member of them, or any of

them, demised, letten, used, occupied or enjoyed, and every of them, with their Appurtenances; which said Manors and Premises last mentioned are lying and being in Crajhthivaite and Kefwicke, or one of them, or some other Town or Towns thereto next adjoining, in the said County of Cumberland; and also all that the Manor of Scremerston, with the Rights, Members and Appurtenances, in the County Palatine of D wham, and all and frngular Messuages, Granges, Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, to the said last mentioned Manor belonging or appertaining, or thereof reputed partorpar cel, or therewith demised, used, letten or enjoyed, and every of them, with their Appurtenances; which said Manor and Premises last mentioned are situate, lying and being in Scremerston, Holy Island, Auncroft, alias Auncraft, Tweedmouth, Norham and Lowick, or some or one of them, or some other Town or Towns thereunto next adjoining, within the said County Palatine of Durham; and also all and Angular other the meflu ges, Granges, Farms, Lands, Meadows, Pastures, Feedings, Woods, Underwoods, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, late the Estate of the said James late Earl of Derwentwater, or whereof he was seized of any Estate of Inheritance in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or expeuancy, situate, ' lying and being within the said several Barony, Manors, Towns, Villages, Territories or Hamlets of Langley, tfittingjlall, alias Sfuittingjlall, Newlands, Dilston, otherwise Develston, Aydon Shields, jfarke, Elnngto71, Meldon, Spindleston, jjtchester, Throckley, Coajlley, Middleton Hall, Thornton Majl, tfjlwood and Thornborough, every or any of them, in the said County of Northumberland, or of Cajllerigg, Derwent water, Thornthwaite and Keswick, Crajflhivaite and Kefivick, or every or any one of them, in the said County of Cumberland; or of Scremerston in the said County Palatine of Durham, and every of them, with their Appurtenances; were settled, limited and aftiired to take Efredt, after the Solemnization of the said intended Marriage, and subject to a Term of ninety-nine Years, limited of Part of the Premises, which is since determined, to the Use of the said James Earl of Derwentwater for Life, without Impeachment of Waste; after his Death, and subject to a Rent Charge of one thousand Pounds thereby limited to the said Anna Maria for her Life, for her Jointure, and after her Death, and subject to a Term of two hundred Years, which is since determined, to the Use of the rirft, second, third, and all and every other the Son and Sons of the said James late Earl of Derwentwater, on the Body of the said Anna Maria, in Tail Male, successively; to the said Other Earl of Plymouth, and William Lord jfiddringtcn, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, fora Term of five hundred Years, in Trust, for raising twenty thousand Pounds, for the Portion and Portions of the Daughter and Daughters of the said James late Earl of Derwentwater, by the said Anna Maria, in case of Failure of Issue Male between them, to be paid at such Times, and in such Manner, and with such Maintenance, as is therein mentioned; and after the Determination of the said Term of five hundred Years, to the Use of the said James late Earl of Derwentwater, and the Heirs Male of his Body; Remainder to Francis Radcliffe, Brother to the said James late Earl of Derwentwater, for Life; and after his Death, to his first and other Sons in Tail Male fuc cefiively; Remainder to Charles Radcliffe, youngest Brother of the said James late Earl of Derwentwater, for his Life; Remainder to the said Other Earl ot' Plymouth, and Thomas Lord Faulconbcrge, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Charles Radcliffe, in Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders; Remainder to the first and other Sons of the said Charles Radclffe, in Tail Male, successively; Remainder to the said James late Earl of Derwentwater, his Heirs and ahigns for ever: And whereas by Deed Poll, under the Hand and Seal of the said Edward Earl of Derwentwater, bearing Date the twenty-fourth Day of Jure one thousand six hundred and ninety-nine, the said Edward Earl of Derwentwater, in pursuance of a Power

*97

A.D. 1749. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 52.

given and reserved to him in and by a Settlement made on his Marriage with the Lady Mary Tuder, did grant, limit and appoint an Annuity or yearly Rent Charge of two hundred Pounds unto, and for the Benefit of his youngest Son Charles Radcliffe, during his Life, payable half yearly, and charged upon,

and issuing out of diverse Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Northumberland, therein particularly described as Part of the Premises herein before mentioned: And whereas the said Edward Earl of Derwentwater left issue three Sons, videlicet, James' late earl of Derwentwater, the said Francis Radcliffe and Charles Radcliffe, who was born after the first: recited Settlement; and whereas the said Francis Radcliffe, the Second Son of the said Edward Earl of Derwentwater, and the said Francis Radcliffe and Thomas Radcliffe, two of the younger Sons of the said Francis Earl of Derwentwater, all died without Issue in the lifetime of the said James Earl of Derwentwater: And whereas the said James late Earl of Derwentwater was attainted of High Treason, after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand

hundred and fifteen, and before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; (that is to say) on or about the ninth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and fifteen,

and on the twenty-fourth of the same February was executed; and the said Anna Maria his Wife, late

Countess of Derwentwater, died on or about the nineteenth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three; and the said Jatncs late Earl of Derwentwater left Issue by the said Anna Maria one Son ' named John, and one Daughter named Anna Maria: And whereas the said jviuiam Radcliffe and Arthur Radcliffe died without Issue since the said Attainder: And whereas the said Charles Radcliffe was also at

tainted of High Treason, after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven bundled and fifteen,

and before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; that is to say, one the eighteenth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; and the said Charles Radcliffe was, on the eighth Day of Dccetnber one thousand seven hundred and forty six, ex ecuted for the Treason by him committed as aforesaid: whereas by an act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (entitled, An Act for appointing Commissmiers to, Geo. i. C 50, ' inquire of the estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants, and of Estates given to superstitious Uses,

in order to raise Money out of themfever ally for the Ujc of the Public) it was enacted, That all and every the Castles, Honours, Lordships, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Reversions, Services,

Remainders, Possessions, Royalties, Franchises, Jurisdictions and Privileges whatsoever, and all Appur

tenances to them, or any of them belonging, or any wise appertaining; and all Rights of Entry, Rights

of Action, Titles, Conditions, Uses, Trusts, Powers and Authorities; and all Leases for Life, Lives or Years, Pensions, Annuities, Rents, Charges and Hereditaments whatsoever, and of what Nature or Kind

soever, in Great Britain, Ireland, or elsewhere, whereof any Person or Persons who, since the twenty fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, had been attainted,

or before the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eigh teen, should be attainted for High Treason committed before the first Day of June one thousand seven

and sixteen, within Great Britain or elsewhere, was, were, or should have been seized or possessed of, or interested in, or entitled unto, on the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, or at any Time afterwards, in his, her or their own Right, or to his, her or their own Use, or whereof any other Person or Persons was, were, or should have been seized or possessed of, or interested in, to the Use of, or in Trust for them, or any of them, on the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, or at any Time afterwards, should Hand and be forfeited to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and should be deemed, veiled and adjudged to be in the actual and real Possession of his Majesty, without any Office or Iriquilition thereof, thereafter to be taken or found; all

which said Castles, Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Reversions, Hereditaments and other

the Premises, according to the several and respective Estates and Interests, which the said Persons attainted,

or to be attainted, within such Days and Times as aforesaid, or any in Trust for them, or any of them,

or to their or any of their Use or Uses, had, or should have had therein as aforesaid, were thereby de dared and enabled to be so veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Use of the Public;

And to the Intent that the same, and the Profits and Proceed thereof, should be disposed and applied to the Use and Benefit of the Public, and in Ease of his Majesty's good Subjects, according to such Act ' and Acts of Parliament as should thereafter be made and passed in that Behalf; and that where any of the

Person or Persons attainted, or to be attainted, within such Days and Times as aforesaid, were seized of an Estate Tail in Possession, in any such Castles, Honours, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

Rents, Hereditaments, or other the Premises, the same were thereby enacted and declared to be veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in fee simple, to the end the same might be absolutely sold, dif

posed or applied, according to such Act or Acts of Parliament as should thereafter be made in that Behalf;

and all and every Person and Persons (other than and except all such forfeiting Persons as aforesaid, and the Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns of every of them; and all Persons having or claiming

anything in the Premises or any Part thereof, to the Use of, or in Trust for any such forfeiting Persons,

or their or any of their Heirs, Executors or Administrators; such Persons who had or might claim

any Estate, which was in Reversion or Remainder, expectant on the Determination of any Estate Tail, e whereof a forfeiting Person was seized as aforesaid, on the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, or at any Time since, always excepted) having any Estate, Righr, X itle, In

Use, Trust, Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Office, Annuity, Service, Rent, Debt, Benefit,

Charge or Encumbrance in Law or Equity, in, to, out of, or upon any Castles, Honours, Manors, Mef ' fuages. Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments or Real Estate, or any other the Premises in Great Britain, Ireland or elsewhere, therein before veiled in his Majesty, by or under any Settlement, Convey ance. Judgement, Stature, p.ecognizance, Extent or other Debt, Charge or Encumbrance, affecting the same Estate, before the respective Days and Times whereon the same were veiled in his Majesty as aforesaid, were, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventeen (and

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II.

198 C 52.

A.D. 1749.

which Time, by another Act of Parliament marie in the third Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty,

3 Geo. 1. C sc. ' intituled, An Act to enlarge the Time for making Claims before the Commissmiers appointed to inquire of the f: r ' fsited Estates, was inlanjed to the ni ft Day of February one thousand seven hundred and seventeen) toen ter all their respective Claims and Demands thereof before certain Commissioners appointed by the (bid Act, or any four or more of them residing in England or Scotland respectively, in the Manner in the said

Afc mentioned; or in Default thereof, every such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Possession, Re ' verfton, Remainder, Office, Annuity, Service, Rent, Debt, Benefit, Charge or Encumbrance, in, to,

out of, or upon the said Premises, or any Part thereof, was thereby declared to be null and void; and the Estate or Estates liable unto, or charged therewith, were from thenceforth to be freed, acquitted and discharged of and from the same: And whereas by another Act of Parliament made in the fourth Year of ijgco.i. c.s. ' the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the first (entitled. An Act for vesting the forfeited Ejlaus in Great Britain and Ireland in Trustees, to be sold for the Use of the Public, and for giving Relief to lawful Creditors, by determining the Claims, and for the more effectual bringing into the respelhve Exchequers the rcr.ts ' and Profits of the said Estates till sold) it was enacted, That all and every the Castles, Honours, Lord ships, Manors, messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Reversions, Services, Remainders, Possessions,

Royalties, Franchises, Jurisdictions and Privileges whatsoever, and all Appurtenances to them, or any of them, belonging, or in any wise appertaining; and all Rights of Entry, Rights of Action, Titles, Conditions, Uses, Trusts, Powers and Authorities; and all Leases for Life, Lives or Years, Pensions, An act' nuities, Rents, Charges and Hereditaments whatsoever, and of what Nature or Kind soever, not disposed of according to the Directions of the said first recited Act, in Great Britain, Ireland, or elsewhere, which by the said recited Aff were veiled, or intended to be veiled, in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as aforesaid, for the Use of the Public, Should be, and were thereby, veiled and settled in the afiual and real Possession and Seisin of Richard Grantham Esquire, George Trcby Esquire, Arthur Ingram Esquire, George Gregory Esquire, Sir Richard Steele Knight, Sir Henry Houghton Baronet, Patrick Haldane Esquire, Sir ' Thomas Hales Baronet, Robert Munro Esquire, Henry Cunningham Esquire, Denis Bond Esquire, John Birch, Searjeant at Law, and Sir John Eyles Baronet, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, nc cording to the several Estates and Interests veiled or intended to be veiled in his Majesty by the said former Act to the End the same might be bargained, fuld, disposed of, and applied by the sail Trustees, and the Survivors of them, to and for the Uses in the said recited Act, or in the said Act of the fourth Year of his said late majesty's Reign after mentioned and declared: And it was by the said la ft recited Act further enacted, That front and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, the said Commissioners and Trustees, or any four or more of them, residing in England,

Scotland or Ireland respectively, Should and were thereby enabled and required, at any Time or Times,

or sell all and singular the Estates and Interests vested in them as aforesaid; is to say) such of the said Estates and Interests, concerning which no Claims Should be or had been entered within the Times limited for that Purpose, as soon as conveniently might be after the said twenty. fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; and such of the said Estates and Interests for or concerning which any Claims had been or Should be entered, as aforesaid, as soon as conveniently might be after such Claims relating to such Estates or Interests respectively Should be determined; the said Sales to be made to any Person or Persons being Protestants, Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Ad ' ministrators or Assigns (other than the said Commissioners and Trustees, or their Officers respectively, or any others in Trust for them) who Should become Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for fuel) Estate and Interest therein respectively, as was therein before vested in the said Commissioners and Trustees: the said Commissioners and Trustees, or any four or more of them, residing in England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, being certified of the Payment of the Price agreed upon into the Receipt of his Majesty's ' Exchequers in England and Scotland respectively, were to execute an Indenture orcontradt of Bargain and Sale of the Parcels bought and paid for to the Buyers thereof, for such Estate or Interest therein as the said Commissioners and Trustees, or any four or more of them, residing in England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, Should have contradied to sell the same; and all and every Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her

or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, were to hold and enjoy such Parts and

Parcels of the Premises as Should be so purchased and conveyed for such Estate and Interest therein rc -1 spedlively, as Should be conveyed by the said Commissioners and Trustees, or any four or more of them, 1 in such Indenture or Contract of Bargain and Sale, freed and discharged of and from all Arrears of Quit

crown rents, Feu Duties and Chiefries, at any Time accrued or to grow due before the Date of such respective Conveyances, and of and from all other Claims and Demands of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and of the said Commissioners and Trustees, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, and of all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever, oth r than and except such Claims and Demands which Should be allowed by the said Commissioners anj Trustees, or any four or more of their, e or the Court of Delegates (which, by the said List recited Act, his said late Majesty was empowered to appoint, for hearing and determining such Appeals as Should be made by any Claimant from any Judge ment, Determination or Decree of the said Commissioners and Trustees, or any four or more of them)

on the Determination of such Claims as aforesaid: whereas the aforesaid John Raddifc, Son of the«C said James late Earl of Derwentwater, did, by his Mother and Guardian, the said Anna Maria, late Countess of Derwentwater, on or about the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred aiul sixteen, e j C hibit two several Claims before the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act of the first Year of, ' his said late majesty's Reign; by one of which the said John Raddifc claimej the Manors, Lands and He, ' comprised in the said Settlement of the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand six hun

and ninety one, as the Right and Inheritance of him the said Claimant, and the Heirs Male of his Body; and by the other of the said Claims, the said John R dcliffe claimed the Manors, Lands and Hereditaments,

199 A.D. 1749. C. 52. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II.

comprised in the said Indenture of Release of the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve (subject to the aforesaid Rent Charge, and to the said Term of two hundrt d ' Years, and the Trulls thereof) as the Right and Inheritance of him the Arid Claimant, and the Heirs Male of his Body: Which Claims coming afterwards on to be heard before the said Commissioners, the Claim made by the said John Radclffe to the Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, comprised in the said Settlement of the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand six hundred and ninety one, was allowed;

and the Claim made by him to the Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, comprised in the said Settlement of the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, was dismissed: the Decree made by the said Commissioners for dismissing the same was, upon an Appeal made to the Court of De ' legates, appointed by his said late Majesty by virtue of the said recited Act, made in the fourth Year of his Reign, ieversed, and the said last mentioned Claim was, by the said Court allowed: And whereas by

£ an act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First (entitled, a Geo. ' An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Moneys; and for Relief of William late

Lord Widdrington; and to prevent foreign Lotteries being carried on in this Kingdom; and for afctrt ain't ng the.

£ Duties on Bound Books imported; and for ijjiting Certificates and Debentures for Arrears, due to five Regiments,

to be satisfied by Annuities therein mentioned; and for discharging the Duties of Rock Salt lojl on the Rivers

Weaver and Mercy; and for limiting the Limes of Continuance of commissioners for forfeited Estates in England and Scotland respectively; and for appropriating the Supplies granted to his Majesty in this Session of parliament; and to rectify Misnomers and omissions of Commissioners for the Land Tax in the Year one thousand £ hundred and twenty-three) after reciting, That all the Claims entered before the Commissioners and

Trustees in England were heard and determined, and the Appeals from the Decrees of the said Commissioners and Trustees in England were also finally determined, it was enabled, That the forfeited Estates £ England, by any former Act or acts of Parliament vested in the said Commissioners and Trustees, which should remain unsold from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, were thereby diverted out of the said Commissioners and Trustees, and vested in the King's i' Majesty, his Heirs and successors, for the Use of the Public: And whereas by Indenture bearing Date £ the twenty-eighth Day of September, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and made or mentioned to be made between the said George Gregory, Sir Thomas Hales, Henry Cuningham,

I Denis Bond, John Birch, and Sir John Eyles, Commissioners and Trustees, nominated and appointed for, putting in Execution the Powers and Authorities relating to the forfeited Estates in England and Ireland,

1 enacted by the two alsof Parliament herein first mentioned, of the one Part, and William Smith of 23/7-} litre Square, London, Esquire, of the other Part, reciting the Marriage settlement of the said James late i Earl of Derwentwater; and that the Estate for Life so limited, as aforesaid to the said Charles Radcliffe, of j and in all and singular the said premisses mentioned in the said recited Settlement of the twenty-fourth

Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, in Remainder, after the Death of the said John Radcliffe without Issue Male of his Body, was vested in the said Commissioners and Trustees for the Uses in the said acts mentioned; and that the Reversion in Fee of the same Premises, so limited to the right Heirs of the said James late Earl of Derwentwater, was also vested in the said Commissioners and Trustees!

the same Uses, the said George Gregory, Sir Thomas Hales, Henry Cuningham, Denis Bond, John Birch, and Sir John Eyles, pursuant to the said act of Parliament of the fourth Year of his said late Majesty, and i, in Execution of the Trull thereby in them reposed, and of the Powers and Authorities to them, or any four or more of them, thereby given; and for and in Consideration of one thousand and sixty Pounds, for which the said William Smith contracted with the said Commissioners and Trustees for the Purchase of ail and singular the premisses, during the Life of the said Charles Radcliffe, without Impeachment of waste, and for and during so long as the said Charles Radcliffe should have Issue Male of his Body, in Remainder,

I expeblant on the Death of the said John Radclffe without Issue Male; and also the Reversion in Fee of 1 and in the said premisses limited to the said James late Earl of Derwentwater, did bargain and sell all! and Angular the said Barony, Manors, Lordships, rectories, Parsonages, Mines, Collieries, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and premisses, comprised in the said Indenture of Release, bearing

I Date the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, and every Part and Parcel thereof, with their and every of their Appurtenances, unto the said William Smith (whom the said commissioner and Trustees did declare and confirm the Purchaser thereof, he having bid most for the same on the public Sale, by Cant or auction bad for that Purpose, according to the last mentioned act of Parliament) and his Heirs, to hold to him, his Heirs and Assigns (in case the said John Radclffe should happen to die without Heirs Male of his Body begotten) for and during the natural Life of the said Charles Racl. chffc, without Impeachment of Walle; and for and during so long as the said Charles Radclffe should I have Heirs Male of his Body, lawfully to be begotten; and on Failure of Issue Male of the said Charles Radclffe, to hold the same premisses unto the said William Smith, his Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of him, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever: And whereas by another Indenture, bearing Date the said twenty-eighth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and made between the same Commissioners and Trustees, of the one Part; and the said William Smith, of the other Part; reciting the,) Settlement of the twenty fourth day of March one thousand six hundred and ninety one; and that by the Attainder of the said James late Earl of Derwentwater, and the act of Parliament aforementioned, the Reversion in Fee, of all the premisses in the said Settlement comprised, was vested in the said Commissioners and Trustees; by the Attainder of the said Charles Radcliffe, and the said act of Parliament, the Remainder in Taii, limited to him in the same Premises, expeclant on the Death of the said John Radcliffe without Issue Male of his Body, was also vested in the said Commissioners and Trustees, the said George Gregory, Sir Thomas Hales, Henry Cuningham, Denis Bond, John Birch, and Sir John Eyles, in Execution of the Powers and Authorities aforementioned; for and in Consideration of one thousand and sixty Pounds, for which the said William Smith contracted with them, not only for the Pur

200 C 52. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

chase of the same Premises, for the Remainder in Tail Male, so forfeited by the Attainder of the Lid Charles Radcliffe, and the Reversion in Fee, so forfeited by the Attainder of the said James late Earl of Derwentwater, but also for the Purchase of a Remainder limited by another Settlement to the said Claries Radcliffe, and his issue Male, and the Reversion in Fee to the said James late Earl of Derwentwater, of

and in the Barony of Langley, and diverse Lands and Hereditaments, mentioned in the Indenture of Bar

and Sale, herein laid before recited, did bargain and sell all and Singular the Manors, Lordships,

Hamlets, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Mills, Rectories, Tythes, and other the Premises, in the Lid

Settlement of the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand six hundred and ninety one comprised,

with their and every of their Appurtenances, unto the said William Smith (whom the said Commissioners

Trustees did thereby declare and confirm the Purchaser thereof, he having bid most for the same on the

public Sale, by Cant or Auction had for that Purpose, according to the last mentioned Act of Parliament and his Heirs, to hold to him, his Heirs and Assigns (in calc the said John Radcliffe should happen to die without iftuc Male of his Body) for and during the natural Life of the said Charles Radcliffe, and so

long as he should have issue Male of his Body; and in case the said William Radcliffe, and Arthur Radcliffe,

should both happen to die without issue Male of their respective Bodies, then to hold the same Premufes unto the said William Smith, his Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of him, his Heirs and Assigns forever:

And whereas the said John Radcliffe departed this Life in or about the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, before he attained his Age of twenty-one Years, without Issue, and unmarried: And

5 Geo. z, 0.43. 4 whereas by an Add made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (entitled, An Act Jot making void the several Contracts for Sale of the estate of James late Earl of Derwentwater to William

Smith Esquire, and also of the Annuity of two hundred Pounds, during the Life of Charles Radcliffe, and the Arrears thereof, to Matthew White Esquire, and the several Conveyances made in purfv.ance of the same } 4 was, for the Reasons therein contained, enacted, That the several Contracts made, signed or entered into,

or pretended to be made, signed or entered into, by the said Commissioners and Trustees, or any of them,

for the Sale or Conveyance to the said William Smith, of any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest of, in, to or out of the Barony, Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Rectories, Tythes,

Hereditaments, and Premises, in the said recited Settlements of the twenty-fourth of March one thousand six hundred and ninety one, and twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve,

comprised, or either of them, or of, in, to or out of any Part or Parcel thereof, or any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments whatsoever, contracted or pretended to be contracted for by the said William Smit

for the Sum of one thousand and sixty Pounds; and also the Contract or Contracts, or pretended Contract 1 or Contrails, for the Sale, Conveyance or Alignment to the said Matthew white, of the said Annuity of two hundred Pounds, granted to or charged for the Benefit of the said Charles Radcliffe, as therein ismen tioned, and of the Arrears of the same; and also the said several recited Indentures of Bargain and Sale

respectively, bearing Date the twenty-eighth Day of September in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three; and one other Indenture of Bargain and Sale therein recited, bearing Date the sail twenty-eighth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, being the Indenture of Bargain and Sale therein recited to have been made to the said Matthew white, of the said Annuity or yearly Rent of two hundred Pounds, so granted, to the said Charles Radcliffe for his Life as aforesaid, ro gether with the Arrears thereof incurred and grown due, from the Time of the Attainder of the said Char!.!

Radcliffe, to the Day of the Date of the said Indenture; and ail and every the Bargains, Sales, Conveyances, Deeds and Instruments signed, sealed, made or executed, or pretended so to be, for the convey

ing, transferring, veiling, passing and alluring the said several Estates, Interests, Annuity, Arrears, ard other the Premises, or any Part or Parcel thereof, unto the said William Smith and Matthew white, or either of them, their or either of their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, should be, and were thereby set aside and annulled, and were thereby adjudged and declared to be, and to have been absolutely null and void to all Intents, Conllrudlions and Purposes, as if the same had never been made; and the At

General of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by his or their Direction, was thereby impower ed to apply to the Court of Exchequer for Sale, and the said Court was thereby empowered to order Sale of the said Barony, Manors, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises (subject to Inch Claims and Demand.',

as had been allowed by the said Commissioners and Trustees, according to the said recited Act of the

fourth Year of his said late majesty's Reign) for such Estate and Interest as was veiled in his Majesty, hs Heirs and Successors, as aforesaid; the purchase money was to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, to be applied and disposed of according to any Act or Acts of Parliament then after to be made for that Purpose; it was thereby further enacted, That until such Sale should be made, as hv the said Act is directed., it should be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any I 4 three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to cause to be collected and lc vied all the Rents, Issues and Profits of the said Barony, Manors, Lands, Hereditaments and Premises,

and all Arrearages thereof since the Death of the said John Radcliffe, and to sue for and recover the Lire in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to cave all the Moniesatiling thereby there 1 4 ceflary Charges of levying, collecting, suing for and recovering the same, and the incident Charges relating thereunto only excepted) to be brought and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied and disposed of, according to any Act or Acts of Parliament thereafter to be made for that Purpose; but in tvc -

said last recited Act, a Saving is made to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of all such Right, Title,

Estate, Interest, Claim and Demand of, in, unto, or out of the said Premises, as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, might have had or been entitled unto, in case that Act had never been made, other th^a

and except such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim and Demand, as was veiled in his Majesty, his,

Heirs and Successors, by virtue of the several Attainders before mentioned, or of the Acts of Parliament i 4 therein recited; and a Saving is also in the said last recited Act made to all other Persons, other than and I

except the said Commissioners and Trustees, and the Did Matthew. white and William Smith, and air.

Per for

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. 201

A.D. 1749. C. 52.

Persons concerned with them in the said Contrasts or Purchases, their respective Heim, Executors, administrators and Afilgns, and all Persons claiming or to claim any Estate, Right, Title, Interest or Demand, either in Lav or Equity, in, unto, or out of the said premiites, by, from or under them, of all such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim or Demand, of, in, unto, or out of the said premisses, as they might have had, or been entitled unto, in case that Act had never been made: And whereas by another Act of Parliament made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (entitled An Act for tbs Application of the Rente and Profts of the estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Radcliffe) reciting, amongst other Things, That there then remained in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer the Sum of seven thousand one hundred and eighty-two Pounds, thirteen Shillings, which had arisen out of the Rents and Profits of the said premisses so veiled in his Majesty as aforesaid; that there were also several Sums of Money in the Hands of the collectors and Receivers, and due and in A. rear from the Tenants and Farmers of the said premisses; and farther reciting. That the Annuity of Rent Charge, and also the several Mortgages and Encumbrances of and upon the said Estate of the said late Earl of Derwentwater, or some Part thereof, therein and herein after particularly mentioned, had been regularly claimed and allowed, according to the direction of the said Act of the fourth year of his said late majesty's Reign; and that there was then due, owing, issuing and payable out of the said Estate, or some Part thereof, to the several Persons therein and herein after named, the several Sums of Money and Annuity therein and herein after mentioned; that is to say, to the Right Honourable Robert fames Lord Petre the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds Principal Money, with the Interest thereof; to Cuthbert Cot fable, alias 1tunjlall, of Burton Constable in Holderness, in the County of York, Esquire, upon Mortgage, the Sum of five thousand nine hundred Pounds, Principal Money, besides Interest; Mary Chamberlain Spinster, Edward Hopkins of the City of Coventry Esquire, and Anna Maria j' his Wife, Richard Luther Esquire, and Charlotte his Wife, upon Mortgage, the Sum of three thousand Pounds Principal Money, besides Interest; the Lady Catherine Radcliffe, Second Daughter of Francis late Earl of Derwentwater, one Annuity or yearly Rent Charge of one hundred Pounds, clear of all Taxes, for the Term of her natural Life, with the Arrears thereof; it was enabled*, That the said Sum of seven thousand one hundred and eighty-two Pounds thirteen Shillings, so arising and produced of the Rents and Profits of the said premisses, and remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid,

should be issued, appropriated and applied, in the first Place, for the paying and clearing of all Interest and Arrears of the said Annuity of one hundred Pounds a Year and Encumbrances therein and herein be fore mentioned, to the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five; and after r Payment thereof, the Surplus and Residue of the said Sum of seven thousand one hundred and eighty-two Pounds thirteen Shillings should (except as therein after is excepted) be appropriated and applied, and j' was thereby appropriated and applied, towards the building and finishing of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich: And it was thereby further enacted, That all Sums of Money collected and received by the respective Receivers of the Rents and Profits of the said premisses, so forfeited and veiled in his Majesty as aforesaid, which were not paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer on or before the twenty fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, and all Arrears of Rents and Profits of the same premisses, due and owing from the several Farmers, Tenants and Occupiers of any Part or Parts thereof at or on the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five; and all the Rents, Issues and Profits of the said premisses, which should, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day ' of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, grow, accrue or become due and payable for and during his Majesty's said Estate and Interest in the said premisses, subject in the first Place to the Payment of the said Annuity of one hundred Pounds a Year, as the same shall grow due, and of all Principal and Interest due and to grow due upon the several Encumbrances therein, and herein before mentioned, should 1 he issued and applied, and were thereby appropriated and applied in the first Place for and towards the finifiling and completing the Building of the said Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich; and after the ( Building of the same Royal Hospital should be completed and finished, for and towards the Support of the said Royal Hospital for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and be come decrepit in the Service of their Country: And it was thereby further enacted and declared, That the said premisses so forfeited and veiled in his Majesty as aforesaid, should not be sold (except as in the f said Act is excepted) but should remain and continue veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors fub jeblto, and charged and chargeable with the said Annuity of one hundred Pounds, and Encumbrances f aforesaid, and the Payment thereof, in the first Place) for such Estate and Interest as aforesaid, for the

Purposes of the said last recited Act: And his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors were, by the said aft recited Act, empowered to authorise the commifkoners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital for the time being, or any seven or more of them, to appoint Stewards, Receivers or Bailiffs of the said premisses! so forfeited and veiled in his Majesty as aforesaid, for and during the said Estate and Interest of his Ma

his Heirs and Successors, in the same premisses; and to invefl them with full Power to receive the Rents, 'Issues and Profits thereof; and to give Receipts, Discharges and Acquittances for the same; and

to hold Courts, and to do and perform all Acts, Matters and Things, necessary for the managing the said premisses, usually done and performed by Stewards, Receivers and Bailiffs: And his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, were, by the said last recited Act also empowered, during the Continuance of the f said Estate and Interest of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the said premisses, to authorise the Commissioners and Governors of the said P, oyal Hospital, for the time being, to grant Leases of the pre tnifies so forfeited, and veiled in his Majesty as aforesaid, for any Term not exceeding twenty-one Years in Possession, at thebeft and most improved yearly Rent: And it was thereby further cnahed, That the Commissioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital should, and were thereby required, to contraband agree with able 2nd sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a workman like and substantial Manner, on the eafkfl and mofc reasonable

S Geo. 2. C

202 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 52. A.D. 1749.

Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons in that Session of Parliament; and that they should lay their Proceedings therein, with their annual Accounts, before his Majesty and both Houses of Parliament, respectively: it was by the said Act, for the Reasons therein contained, provided and enabled, That out of the Rents and Profits of the said Estate, then remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there should and might be issued and paid to the Lord Viscount Gauge in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Sum of two thousand Pounds without Account, and clear of all Fees and Deductions; in which said la ft recited Act is contained a Saving to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of all such Right, ' Title, Estate, Interest, Claim and Demand, of, in, unto, or out of the said Premises, as his Majesty, his

Heirs and successors, might have had, or been entitled unto, in case that Act had never been made; other

than and except such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim and Demand, as was veiled in his Majesty, Ids Heirs and successors, by virtue of the several Attainders before mentioned, or of the therein recited Acts of Parliament; and other than and except such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim and Demand, ' which his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, had or might have in or to such Part or Parts of the said Premisses, which should be sold pursuant to the Directions of that Act: And therein also is contained a Saving to the several Mortgagees and Incumbrancers before named (till they should be paid oft as aforesaid) and to all other Persons, of all such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim and Demand, of, in, unto, or out of the said premisses (except such Part or Parts thereof, which should be sold pursuant to the Directions of that Act) as they might have had, or been entitled unto, in case that Act had never been made

11 Geo. 2. c. 30, And whereas by an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (entitled. An Act for explaining and amending an Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Der wentvjatcr, and Charles Radcliffe) it was enacted, That upon the Death of his present Majesty, and also

the Death of every successive King and Queen of this Realm, all such Acts and Services should be done and performed, and all such Fines and Sums of Money should be paid by the respective Tenants of the Estates to every successor of his Majesty, or (in case any of the said Estates should be sold) to such other Person who shall be the Owner thereof, as by the ancient Tenure thereof, 01 by any Contract, Law, Usage or Custom, ought to be done, performed and paid by them, in case such King or Queen so dying, was considered as a private Person only, and not in his or her Politic Capacity; and that for De

of Performance of such Acts and Services, which ought to be so done and performed, and for Default of Payment of any such Fines and Sums of Money, which ought so to be paid, such Forfeitures and Penalties should accrue and become due, and it should be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and for all Persons by him or them appointed, or who should be then Owners of the said Estates to use and take all such Ways and Means for recovering and taking Advantage of the said Forfeitures and Penal ties, as might be lawfully used or taken by any Lord of the said Estates, in case such King or Queen so dying was considered as a private Person only, and not in his or her Politic Capacity; and that all the said Fines, Sums of Money, Penalties and Forfeitures, which should accrue and become due to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during his and their Interest therein, should be applied to and for the Use and Benefit of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich; and the Attorney General of his Majesty,

his Heirs and successors, by his or their Direction, was empowered by the said Act to apply to his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, by Motion, in a summary Way, for the Sale of all, or of such Part or Parts of the Timber on the said Estates, while the same should remain unsold, from time to time,

and at all Times, as should be thought fit; and the Money arising by such Sale or Sales, was to be applied by the Direction of the said Court, to the Discharge of the Encumbrances with which the said Estates then flood charged, and in the mean Time was to be paid by the Purchasers into the Court of Exchequer, or to the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the time being, or to be placed out in such Government or other Securities, and in the Names of such Persons, as the said Court should direct; in case there should happen to be any Surplus of the said Money, the same was to be applied in the first Place, for and towards

the finishing and completing the Building of the said Royal Hospital; after the Building of the same Royal Hospital should be completed and finished, for and towards the Support of the said Royal Hospital,

for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Royal Hospital worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country; and after the said Encumbrances should be totally discharged, then all the Produce of, or Money arising by the Sale or Sales of any Timber on the said Estates, was to be, from time to time, and at all Times, wholly appropriated and applied to the Use of the said Hospital: And it was by the said Act enacted, That for or towards the Discharge of the aforesaid Mortages and Encumbrances (except the said Annuity of one hundred Pounds a Year and not otherwise, it should and might be law full to and for the Attorney General of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by his and their Direction,

to apply to his Majesty's said Court of Exchequer, by Motion, in a summary Way, for the Sale or Sales to any Person or Persons, being Protestants, of the see simple and Inheritance of any of the said Premises so forfeited, and veiled in his Majesty as aforesaid, which were not charged with the said Mortgages and Encumbrances, as should be thought most convenient to be sold and disposed of, and the Money arising by such Sale or Sales was to be applied, by the Direction of the said Court, for or towards the Discharge of the said Encumbrances, or some of them, and in the mean Time was to be paid by the Purchasers into the Court of Exchequer, or to the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the time being, or to be placed out in such Government or other Securities, and in the Names of such Persons, as the said Court should direct;

and in case there should happen to be any Surplus of the said purchase money, the same was to be applied for the Benefit of the said Hospital: it was by the said last recited Act also enacted, That it should and might be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during the Continuance of his or their Estate in the Premises, by Sign Manual, to authorise the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, or any seven or more of them, to demise and grant all the Mines of Lead, Coal, and other Minerals, as well unopened as opened, within and under the said Lands and fremiltcs, for any Number of

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749. C. 52.

Years, not exceeding twenty-one Years, in Possession and not in Reversion, reserving the best Rents or Dues that could be reasonably got for the same: And after reciting, That the Interest of the Principal Money due on the Mortgages and Encumbrances in the said Act mentioned, was partly at the Rate of five Pounds for one hundred Pounds, and partly at the Rate of six Pounds for one hundred Pounds, fora 4 h ear, it was enabled, That it should and might be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Sign Manual, to authorise the Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital for the time being, or any seven or more of them, to agree with the respective Mortgagees and Incumbrancers of the said Premises in the said Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign named, their Executors, Administrators Assigns, for any less Rate or Interest for the Principal Money due on their Securities respectively, than the same vas then at; and in case the said Mortgagees and Incumbrancers Should not so agree, then to agree with any other Person or Persons for the advancing Money at any less Rate or Interest than aforesaid, for paying off the Principal Money due on the said Mortgages and Encumbrances, upon the same being

assigned unto such Person or Persons respectively so advancing such Money; provided that such Assign ments Should be made for the respective Principal Money only of the said Mortgages and Encumbrances, and for the Interest of such Principal Money to grow due, from and after the making of such Alignments respectively; that the said Principal Money, and Interest thereof, in all such Alignments, Should be made payable at the End of six Months at the farthest, from the Day of the making such Alignments re spedlively: In which said last reciced Act there is contained the like Saving to his Majesty, and to all other Persons, as in the said Act of the eighth Year of his said present Majesty's Reign is contained; as by the said several recited Acts of Parliament may (amongst other Things therein contained) more fully appear: And whereas the said Sum of seven thousand one hundred and eighty-two Pounds thirteen Shillings, so

remaining in his Majesty's Exchequer as aforesaid, was applied according to the Directions of the said re cited Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and the several Sums of Money which had been collected and received by the respective Receivers of the Rents and Profits of the aforesaid Premises, which were not paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five; and the Arrears of Rents and Profits of the same Premises, due and

owing from the several Farmers, Tenants and Occupiers thereof, at or on the said twenty-fifth Day of " March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five; and also the Rents, Issues and Profits of the said Pre rnifles, which from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty five, to the Time of making this act, have accrued, or become due or payable, or so much thereof as could be got in and received, have, from time to time, been applied for such Purposes as the same were di

to be applied by the said alsof the eighth and eleventh Years of his present Majesty's Reign, as by the Account of the Proceedings of the Commissioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital at Green which, with respect to their contracting and agreeing with Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital, in the Manner mentioned in the said al of the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and also the annual Accounts of the said Commissioners or Governors, with respect to the Rents, Issues and Profits of the said Premises that have been received by them, which the said Commissioners or Governors have, from time to time, according to the Directions of the said al of the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, laid before his Majesty and both Houses of Parliament may appear: And whereas the said Lady Catherine Radcliffe, second Daughter of the said Francis Earl of Derwentwater, is reputed to be dead, and all Arrears of the said Annuity or yearly Rent Charge of one hundred Pounds, payable to her as aforesaid, are supposed to have been paid and satisfied: 4 whereas the said Robert James Lord Petre (who intermarried with the said Anna Maria, Daughter of the said James late Earl of Derwentwater, by the said Anna Maria his Wife) having refused to accept of any less Interest for the said Principal Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, due for the Portion of the said Anna Maria Lady Petre his Wife, than the same was then at; and the Right Honourable Sir Charles jva gcr Knight, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Thomas Fran Hand, Baronets, Sir Jacob Ackworth Knight, Thomas Pca'fe, George Purvis, Joftab Burchett, Tudor Trevor, Lieutenant Governor Nicholas Clarke, and William Baxter, Esquires; of the Commissioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital, authorised and empowered by his Majesty's Sign Manual, bearing Date the twenty seventh Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, pursuant to the said Act of Parliament made in the eleventh Year of Iris present Majesty's Reign, having agreed with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing Money at the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for paying off the said Principal Sum of twenty thousand Pounds; and the Term of five hundred Years, limited by the said Settlement of the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, to the said Other Earl of Plymouth, and William Lord p/iddrington, having by the Attainder of the said Lord tfidelrington, who survived the said Earl of Plymouth, been veiled in his Majesty, the said Robert Janus Lord Petre, and Anna Maria Lady Petre his Wife, in Consideration of the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds to the said Lord Petre paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, did by a certain Indenture Tripartite, bearing Date the eleventh Day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, by the Appointment and Di 4 recti or of the said Sir Charles Wager, Sit Thomas Littleton, Sir Thomas Franhland, Sir Jacob Ackiucrtk, Though mas Pcarfe, George Purvis, Jof tab Burchett, Tudor Trevor, Nicholas Clarke, and tfilham Baxter, bargain, fell, and assign, unto the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, their Successors and Af 4 signs, the Barony, Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, by the said Indenture of Release of the twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, limited to the said Earl of Plymouth, and Lord Widdrington, for the Term of five hundred Years as aforesaid; all the Estate, Right, Title and i11terest, of the said Robert James Lord Petre, and Anna Maria Lady Petre his Wife, of, in and to the said Barony, Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and in and to the said Term of five hundred Years, and of, in and to the said twenty thousand Pounds, to hold the same to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, their Successors and Assigns, for the Residue then to come of the Arid Term

203

2c>4

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II.

C

2.

A.D. 1749.

of five hundred Years, subject to a Proviso for Redemption, on Payment of the said Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, with Interest for the same, at the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the ele venth Day of November then next; and the said Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital having,

since the Time limited by the said Proviso, paid out of the Moneys belonging to the said Hospital, the said Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, with ail Interest due for the same, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England did, by Indenture bearing Date the sixteenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, bargain, fell and assign, unto the Right Honourable Archibald Hajnilton Esquire, commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton, Governor of the said Royal Hospital, Charles Smith Esquire, 1 Lieutenant Governor of the said Hospital, 'james Gunman Esquire, Treasurer of the said Hospital, Sir Ed ' ward Bellamy Knight (since deceased) Sir John Thompson Knight, William Fawkener Esquire, and William Baxter Esquire, seven of the Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital, the Barony, Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, so limited to the said Earl of Plymouth and Lord tviddrington, for the i erm of five hundred Years, as aforesaid, and all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of, in and to the said Barony, Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and in and to the said Term of five hundred Years, to hold the same unto the said Archibald Hamil tonne, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir Edward Bellamy, Sir John Thompson, William Fawkener and tfil Ham Baxter, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for the Remainder then to come of the said 'Perm of five hundred Years, in Trust, and to the Intent that the Rents, Issues and Profits of the said Pre misses should and might be appropriated, applied and disposed of, to the Uses, and for the Purposes directed in and by the said Act of Parliament made in the said eighth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, and for that Purpose that the said Term and Estate might attend and wait upon the Freehold and Inheri tance thereof, as the same was then veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors: whereas the said Cuthbert Constable, alias Tunstall, having refused to accept of any less Rate or Interest for the said Princi pal Sum of five thousand and nine hundred Pounds, mentioned in the said recited al of the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign to be due to him upon Mortgage, than the same was then at (and which Sum of five thousand and nine hundred Pounds, and the Interest thereof, was heretofore secured to the said Lady Mary Radcliffe, by a Mortgage made to her by the said Edward Earl of Derwentwater of the said Manors of Spindleston and Utchester, for the Term of five hundred Years, by Indenture bearing Date the twenty second Day of April one thousand six hundred and ninety-nine, pursuant to a Power given him for that Purpose by a certain Act of Parliament therein mentioned, in full Satisfaction of the said Sum of five thousand Pounds, directed by the said recited Indenture of Release of the twenty-fourth of March one thousand six hundred and ninety one, to be raised for her, and the Interest thereof to that Time, and to which Sum of five thousand nine hundred Pounds the said Cuthbert Constable, alias Tunstall, became entitled by virtue of the Will of the said Lady Mary Radcliffe, of which Will he was then the surviv ing Executor); and the said Sir Charles Wager, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Thomas Frankland and Sir Jacob Ackworth, Thomas Pearfe, George Purvis, Josiah Burchett, Tudor Trevor, Nicholas Clarke and William Bax ter, having agreed with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing Money at the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for paying off the said Sum of five thousand nine hundred Pounds, the said Cuthbert Constable, alias Tunstall, in Consideration of the said Sum of five thousand nine hundred Pounds paid to him by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, did, by the Appointment and Direction of the said Sir Charles Wager, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Thomas Frankland, Sir Jacob Ackworth, Thomas Pearfe, George Purvis, Josiah Burchett, Tudor Trevor, Nicholas Clarke and William Baxter, grant, bargain, fell and assign to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors and Assigns, the said Manors of Spindleston and xjtchester, to hold the same unto the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their successors and Assigns, for the Remainder then to come of the said Term of five hundred Years, by the said Indenture of the twenty second Day of April one thousand six hundred and ninety-nine, granted, subject to a Proviso for '4 the surrendering and assigning the said Premises to the said Sir Charles Wager, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Thomas Frankland, Sir Jacob Ackworth, Thomas Pearfe, George Purvis, Josiah Burchett, Tudor Trevor, Ni 4 cholas Clarke and William Baxter, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, or to such Person or Persons as they should appoint and dire£i, on Payment of the said Sum of five thousand nine hundred Pounds, with Interest for the same, at the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, at the Time therein mentioned; and the Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital, or some of them, having since paid out of the moneys and Revenues belonging to the said Hospital, the said Sum of five thousand nine hundred Pounds, with all Interest due for the same, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, did, by another Indenture bearing Date the said sixteenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, bargain, fell and assign unto the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir Edward Bellamy, Sir John Thompson, William Fawkener and William Baxter, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, the said Manors of Spindleston and Utchester, to hold the same unto the said Archi bald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir Edward Bellamy, Sir John Thompson, William Fawkener and William Baxter, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for the Remainder then to come of the said last mentioned Term of five hundred Years, in Trust, and to the Intent that the Rents, Issues and Profits of the said Manors and Premises should and might be appropriated, applied and disposed, to the Uses, and for the Purposes, directed in and by the said act of Parliament made in the said eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; for that Purpose, that the said Term and Estate might attend ard wait upon the Freehold and Inheritance thereof as the same was then veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors: And whereas the said Mary Chamberlain, Edward Hopkins and Anna Maria his Wife, and Richard Luther and Charlotte his Wife, did, immediately after the passing the said recited ACI, made in the eleventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, agree with the Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital to accept of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Interest of the said Principal Sum of three

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749. C. 52. 205

thousand Pounds, mentioned in the said recited Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign to

be due to them upon Mortgage (which Sum of three thousand Pounds was, by the said Edward Earl of Derwentwater, by a certain Deed Poll, bearing Date the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety-nine, pursuant to a Power to him given by a certain Indenture of Release, bearing Date the twentieth Day of May in the third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King James the Second,

charged upon the said Barony, Manor or Lordship of Langley, and several other of the Manors, Lands

and Hereditaments before mentioned, and other the Lands in the said Deed Poll mentioned, for the For tion of his Daughter Lady Tudor Radcliffe, and which Sum of three thousand Pounds was afterwards af

to Hugh Chamberlain Doctor in Physick, by William Pctre junior Esquire, who intermarried with the said Lady Tudor Radcliffe, and the said Lady Tudor his Wife, by Indenture Tripartite, bearing Date the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, in the Manner in the said Indenture mentioned; and which said Hugh Chamberlain afterwards died, having first made his last Will and Testa merit in Writing, and two Codicils thereunto, and appointed his three Daughters, the said Mary Cham berlain, Anna Maria Hopkins and Charlotte Luther, Executrixes of his Will); but the said Edward Hop ' kins, having afterwards died, and the said Mary Chamberlain, Anna Maria Hopkins, Richard Luther and 1 Charlotte his Wife, having thought fit to call in the said Principal Sum of three thousand Pounds, the Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital did, out of the Moneys and Revenues belonging to the said Hospital pay the said Sum of three thousand Pounds, and all Interest due for the same; and thereupon

the said Mary Chamberlain, Anna Maria Hopkins, Richard Luther and Charlotte his Wife, did by Inden

ture, bearing Date the sixteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, assign unto the 1 4 said Archibald Hamilton., Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir Edward Bellamy, Sir John Thompson, tfuliant

Fawkcner and William Baxter, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, the said Sum of three thou i j sand Pounds, and all Interest thereafter to row due for the same, and all their Estate and Interest in and 1 ' to the said Manor or Lordship of Langley, and other the Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, by the said; last mentioned Deed Poll charged with the said Sum of three thousand Pounds and Interest (except as therein is mentioned) to hold the said Barony, Manors, Lands and Hereditaments (except as therein is mentioned) and the said Sum of three thousand Pounds charged thereon, unto the said Archibald Hamil tonne, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir Edward Bellamy, Sir John Thompson, tftuiam Faivkener and ivil \ 4 liam Baxter, their Pleirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, upon Trust, to and for the Use and Be 4 nefit of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich: And whereas the aforesaid Charles Radcliffe did, after his having been so attainted as aforesaid, inter marry with the Right Honourable Charlotte Counters of New burgh, by whom he had iil ue two Sons, namely James Bartholomew Radcliffe, commonly called Lord Ke 4 naird, hiseldeft Son, who was born in France, out of his Majesty's Allegiance, on the twenty-fifth Day ' of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, and James Clement Radcliffe his youngest Son, and three Daughters, to wit, the Lady Charlotte Radcliffe, Lady Barbara Radcliffe and Lady Mary Radcliffe,

who were all also born out of his Majesty's Allegiance in Parts beyond the Seas, and all of them (except the said Lady Mary Radcliffe) have attained their respective Ages of twenty-one Years: And whereas by a Clause in an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (entitled,

An Act for the naturalizing Foreign Protestants) it was enacted, That the Children of all natural born 7 Anns, C 5.

Subjects, born out of the Legiance of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, should be deemed, adjudg ed and taken to be natural born Subjects of this Kingdom, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (entitled, An Act to explain a Clause in an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Geo. C. 23, C Majesty Queen Anne, For naturalizing Foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of the natural born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain) it was enacted, That all Children, born out of the Legiance of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, or which should thereafter be born out of such Legiance, whose Fathers were or should be natural born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, at the Time of the Birth of such Children respectively, should and might, by virtue of the said recited Clause in the said Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty, and of that Act, he adjudged and taken to be, and all such Children were thereby declared to be natural born Subjects of the Crown of Great Britain, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever; but it was by the said Act provided, and further declared and enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act of the seventh Year of her said late majesty's Reign, or in that Act contained, did or should extend, or ought to be construed,

adjudged, or taken to extend, to make any Children, born or to be born out of the Legiance of the Crown of England, or of the Crown of Great Britain, to be natural born Subjects of the Crown of England ox of Great Britain, whose Fathers, at the Birth of such Children respectively, were or should be attainted of High I reason, by Judgement, Outlawry or otherwise, either in this Kingdom or in Ireland, or whose Fathers, at the Time of the Birth of such Children respectively, by any Law or Laws made in this Kingdom, or in Ireland, were or should be liable to the Penalties of High Treason or Felony, in case of their returning into this Kingdom, or into Ireland, without the Licence of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of any of his Majesty's Royal Predecessors; whose Fathers, at the Time of the Birth of such Children respectively, were or should be in the actual Service of any foreign Prince or State then in En 4 mity with the Crown of England, or of Great Britain; but that all such Children were, and should be and remain in the same State, Plight and Condition, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever, as they would have been in, if the said Act of the seventh Year of her said late majesty's Reign, or that Act, had never been made, as by the said two last mentioned Acts of Parliament may more fully appear: And whereas the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe, commonly called Lord Kenaird, hath made a 4 most dutiful Representation to your Majesty; wherein, after having set forth the several Limitations contained in the said Settlement of the twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, and the several Attainders of the said James Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radcliffe his Father, and his being

206 C 52. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

the sir it Son of the Body of the salt! Charles Radcliffe, and the see end Acts of Parliament herein before recited, relating to the said forfeited Estates, and that, by virtue thereof, the said Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, comprised in the said last mentioned Settlement, became veiled in your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, according to such Estates and Interest as the said attainted Persons had therein at the Times mentioned in the said first recited Act, he the said "James Bartholomew Radcliffe did, in all Hu ' utility, show to your Majesty, that being advised that your majesty's Estate and Interest in the Manors,

6 Lands and Hereditaments, comprised in the said Settlement, under the fii i Acts, did determine on the Death of the said Charles Radcliffe, he the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe did well hope, that the Commissioners and Governors of Greenwich Hospital would have admitted him to be inti tied, from the Time of the Death of the said Charles Radcliffe, to the Possession of the said last mentioned Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, under the Limitations contained in the said Settlement of the twenty fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, to the first and other Sons of the said Charles Radcliffe in Tail Male; but that he found the said Commissioners and Governors did not look on your Majesty "s Estates and Interests in the said Premises to be determined, but did consider the said Right, Title, Claim and Interest, which the said James Bartholomew Radcliff pretended to under the said Settlement of the twenty

fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, to be null and void, inasmuch as neither the Trustees for preserving the contigent Remainders under the said Settlement, nor any other Person for or on the Behalf of the first and other Sons of the said Charles Radcliffe, had made any Claim before the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Acts of the first and fourth Years of his late Majesty, for the determining Claims as aforesaid: the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe did also show to your Majesty, that lie found it might be objected to him, that, as he was born within the Dominions of the French King, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, and out of your majesty's Legiance, he was to be considered as an Alien, and was to be excluded from all Right and Title to the said Estates,

although he was born of natural born Subjects, as before is mentioned; and thereupon the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe did most humbly represent it to your Majesty, that if he should be found to be an Alien under the said Act of the fourth Year of your majesty's Reign, it could not be of any Avail to him to litigate the Question touching the Necessity there was, under the Act of his late Majesty, to enter 4 a Claim in Behalf of an unborn Person; as the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe was absolutely un able to bear the Expense of such a Litigation, he did therefore submit to your majesty's Consideration several Reasons and Arguments in Support of his Right and Title to the said Estates, and whether he was to be considered as an Alien or not; and although he was to be considered as an Alien, in which Case he would be incapable to hold any Estate against the Crown, vet nevertheless he did contend, that he was capable for the Benefit of the Crown, to take such Estate and Interest as was limited to him by the said Settlement; in regard whereof, and of the many singular Hardships attending his Case, he did hum bly beseech your Majesty to extend your Grace and Favour to him, and to grant him such Relief for his Support, as the Circumstances of his Case hold require; And whereas your Majesty, out of your Princely Clemency, and from those Motives of Goodness and Compassion, which are inherent in your Royal Nature, hath been pleased to signify to your Parliament, That your Majesty was graciously inclined, that some Relief should be granted to the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe, so as the same should be consistent with the just Rights of Greenwich Hospital: And whereas the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital are advised, That great Doubts may arise, whether upon the Construction of the true Intent of the said Act of the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First,

and of the said other Act of the fourth Year of his Reign, the Use and Estate in Remainder limited by the said Settlement of the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, to the first and other Sons of the said Charles Radcliffe., was lost and destroyed, by reason that the same was not claimed before the Commissioners and Trustees appointed by the said Act, for and on the Behalf of such first and other Sons, within the Time prescribed by the said Acts; and it may also be doubted, whether the Claim made in Behalf of the said John Radcliffe of the precedent Use and Estate limited to him, and the Allowance thereof by the Court of Delegates, in such Manner as before is mentioned, did not reveft all the Manors and Hereditaments comprised in the said Settlement of one thousand seven hundred and twelve, to the several Uses limited in and by the said Settlement, with such Remainders as therein are expressed: the said Commissioners and Governors are also advised, That in case the said Act (hold not extend to make the said Use and Estate in Remainder, limited by the said Settlement to the first and other Sons of the said Charles Radcliffe (they not being born or in being at the Time of the said Acts, and therefore not being Persons actually having any Estate and Interest at that Time) absolutely null and void, then the Estate and Interest of your Majesty, and eonfequently the Right and Title of the said Ho 4 spital, which depends on the Continuance thereof, may be considered as having determined on the Death of the said Charles Radcliffe, and if the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe Should be considered as an Alien,

then a new Right might accrue to your Majesty, in virtue of your Prerogative Royal, so soon as an In 4 quisition should be taken, finding the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe to be an Alien accordingly: In 4 regard of all which, and many other Doubts and Difficulties, the said commissioners and Governors are advised, That it will be for the Interest and Advantage of the said Hospital to consent that the said Ma 4 nors, Lands and Hereditaments shall stand charged with the raising such Sum of Money as herein after is mentioned; so as that the Right and Title of the said Hospital to the said Manors, Lands and Heredita merits, may be fully established, and that the See and Inheritance thereof may be absolutely veiled in 1 Trustees for the Use and Benefit of the said Hospital for ever, free and discharged from all the Right, Ti 4 tie, Claim and Demand of the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe, and of his Majesty in his Right, and ot all others claiming by or under any of the Limitations contained in the said Settlement, so dated the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, as aforesaid; and so that the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital may have and exercise full Power to cut down and

207 A.D. 1749. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 52.

make Sale of the Timber on the Premisses for the Benefit of the said Hospital, as they shall think fit, and to make such Leases of the same, and of the Mines open or unopen, as they Avail think proper: And whereas the said Charlotte Countess of Newburgh, 'for and on the Behalf of the said James Clement. Rad ' ciijfe, her second Son, and the said Lady Charlotte Radcliffe, Lady Barbara Radcliffe, and Lady Mary 1 Radcliffe, hath most humbly implored your Majesty to extend your Royal Grace and Favour to them,

humbly representing, That if no Relief should be granted to them, they will be deaitute of all manner of Provision after the Death of the said Countess of Nezvburgh; and the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe

is consenting, That all the Right, Title and interea, which he or his issue Male hath or can have, to the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, comprised in the said Settlement of the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, shall be extinguished by Authority of Parliament,

and that the absolute fee simple, and Inheritance of the said Premises, shall be so vested in the said Royal Hospital at Greemvich, and their successors for ever: And whereas your Majesty has been graciously pleas ' CD to signify to your Parliament, That your Majesty was willing and desirous, and gave your Consent,

that the Parliament might make whatever Disposition and Settlement they Arould think fit of the interest your Majesty hath or may have in the said Estates, so as the same be for the Use and Benefit of the Royal

Hospital at Greenwich, with die Allowance which strall be thought proper to be made thereout for there lies of the Children of tyre said Charles Radcliffe Wherefore your majesty's faithful Commons in Parliament assembled, do humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the said Bathe Barony anefc rony, Manor or Lordship of Langley, with the Rights, Members and Appurtenances thereof, in the Coun Manors herein ty of Northumberland, and also all those the said Manors of Whittingftall alias ljuittingflall, and Newlands, described, Ji dilfton alias Develston, Aydon Shields, Warkc, Elrington and Mcldon, and every of them, with their and fromhl*

every of their Rights, Members and Appurtenances in the said County of Northumberland; and all those thejdeatheof the said Manors or reputed Manors of Spindleston, utchester, Throckley, Ccajllcy, Middleton Hall, East Thorn Charles rad tonne, alias Thornton East, Westwood and Thornborough, and every of them, with their and every of their cliffe.

Rights, Members and Appurtenances in the said County of Northumberland; and also all that the Advowson

of the said Church of Symonburne, with the Appurtenances in the said County of Northumberland; and also all those the said Manors or reputed Manors of Cajllerigg and Derwentwater alias Keswick and thorn thwaite, with their and every of their Rights, Members and Appurtenances in the County of Cumberland; and also all that the said Manor of Scremerston, with the Rights, Members and Appurtenances in the County Palatine of Durham, and also all and Angular the Messuages, Granges, Farms, Lands, Meadows, Failures, Feedings, Woods, Underwoods, enements and Hereditaments whatsoever, late the Estate of the said James late Earl of Derwentwater, or whereof he was seized of any Estate of Inheritance in Possession,

Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, situate, lying and being in the said Counties of Northumberland and Cumberland, County Palatine of Durham, and every of them, with their Appurtenances, which, by the Lid recited Indentures of Lease and Release of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Days of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, were settled, limited and allured to the Uses in the said Indenture of release of the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, mentioned; and the reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Issues and Profits of all and Angular the same Premises, shall, from and immediately after the Death of the said Charles Radcliffe, be and be deemed to be, and to have been divested out of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and settled upon and vested in, and the same are hereby from thenceforth settled upon and vested in the most Noble Charles Duke of Rich and vested in the mond and Lenox, and the Right Honourable Henry Fox Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns, freed, acquitted, dakeofrich and absolutely discharged of, from and against all and every the Uses, Estates and Limitations, in and by the

the said Indenture of Release or Settlement, bearing Date the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand, henrvfo* seven hundred and twelve, limited and created of and concerning the same, to and for the first and other Esquire, for the Sons of the said Charles Radcliffe, and the Issue Male of such first and other Sons, and freed and absolutely Term of josr discharged of and from all such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim and Demand, as was vested in Lis Years; Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of the several Attainders herein before mentioned, or of the said several Acts of Parliament herein before recited, or any of them, and also freed and absolutely discharged of and from all such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim and Demand, as is vested, or that might or could accrue or belong to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by Reason or Means of the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe, and James Clement Radcliffe, or either of them, having been born out of the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain, or otherwise howsoever, save as herein after is saved; the Use

I of them the said Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenox, and Henry Fox, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for and during, and unto the full End and Term of five hundred Years, to be computed from the Day of the Death of the said Charles Radcliffe, and front thence next ensuing, and fully to be complete and ended, without Impeachment of waste; and from and after the End, Expiration or other Determination ani after (fie. of the said Term, then to and for the only proper Use and Behoof of the Right Honourable Archibald Ha Expiration of milt on Esquire, commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith Esquire, James Gunman Esquire, the said Term, Sir John Thompson Knight, Sir James Creed Knight, Peter Burrell Esquire, William Fawkener Esquire, ln tlrecommif William Baxter Esquire, Edward Vernon Esquire, Thomas Ripley Esquire, Doctor David Cockburn, James Spil fi°n'r!|01.9re1e,: iman Esquire, jfilliarn Allix Esquire, Fitzwilliam Plumptre Esquire, William Young Esquire, and Captain w1c1 Francis Danfays, being sixteen of the Commissioners or Governors and Directors of the said Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greemvich, their Heirs and Assigns for ever; in Trust nevertheless for themselves and the rest of the Commissioners or Governors and Directors for the time being of the said Royal Hospital, for the Uses and Purposes following; (that is to say) In the first Place, for and towards the finishing and completing the Building of the said Royal Hospital; an, d after the Building of the same shall be completed and finished, for

and

2o8

Anno vicesimo secundo Georc II II

i

Certain Lands diverted out of his Majesty,

and veiled in certain of the Commissioners for Greenwich Hospital, in Trust.

The True (lees to hold the said Manors, C in Trustj

fuhiecl to Quit rems, C

to be accountable to the Hospital,

and lo by their Accounts before the King and i'arliajnent,

C 5 2.

A.D. 1749.

and towards the Support of the said Royal Hospital, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the Lid Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

II. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all that the said Manor and Lordship of Afstone alias Aidftone Moore, and Garrigill, and all and every the Rights, Members and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, in the said County or Cumberland; and all those the said two Parts (the Whole into three Parts to be divided) of the said Manor and Lordship o(newton hall, in the said County of Northumberland; and all that the said Moiety or one Half Part of the said Village or Township o Buteland, in the said Parish of Chollerton and County of Northumberland; and all those the said Rectories and Parsonages of Kir he jjaocl pington, Harburnc alias Hartburne, and Midford, in the said County of Northumberland; and all and singular the Messuages, Tythes, Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, situate, lying and being in the said County of Northumberland, which by the said recited Indentures of Lease and Release of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Days of March one thousand six hundred and ninety one, were settled, limited and allured to thcufes in the said Indenture of Release of the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand six hundred and ninety one mentioned, and which, by virtue of the several Attainders herein before mentioned, and of the said recited ahs of Parliament, or some of them, do now remain veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, subject to such Appropriation for the Rents and Profits thereof for the Use and Benefit of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, as aforesaid; and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, [flues and Profits of all and Angular the said last mentioned Premises,

'shall from henceforth be divested out of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the same shall] be, and shall be deemed to be, and they are accordingly, from henceforth, settled upon and vested in the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir John Thompson, Sir James Creed, Peter Burrell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, James Spilman, William Allix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre, William Young and Francis Danfays, their Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of them, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, in Trust nevertheless "for themselves and the rest of the Commissioners, or Governors and Directors for the time being of the said Royal Hospital, for and towards finishing and completing the Building of the said Royal Hospital; after the Building of the same shall be completed and finished, for and towards the Support of the said Royal Hospital for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim and Demand, as was veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, by virtue of the several Attainders herein before mentioned, or of the said several ahs of Parliament herein before recited, or any of them, or otherwise howsoever, and freed and absolutely discharged of and from all such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim or Demand, as any other Person or Persons whatsoever hath or have, or may or can have, in or to the said last mentioned Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or in or to any Part or Parcel thereof, upon any Account howsoever, save as herein after is mentioned.

III. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir John Thompson, Sir James Creed, Peter Barrel, William Fawkener, William Baxter, e(hoard Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, James Spilman, William Allix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre, William Young and Francis dan says, their Heirs and Assigns, shall, in Trust as aforesaid, but subject to the said Term of five hundred Years (as to the Premises comprised in the said Settlement of the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand f'even hundred and twelve, and as the same is herein before created and limited) hold and enjoy all and Angular the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, comprised in the said Settlements of the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand six hundred and ninety one, and the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, and which are herein before veiled or mentioned 'to be vested in them the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir John Thompson, Sir James Creed, Peter biir rell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Edward Turnon, Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, James Spilman, William Allix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre, William Young and Francis Danfays; and the same shall be and be deemed to beheld of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors, as of his Majesty's Manor of East Greenwich in the County of Kent, by free and common Soccage Tenure; but nevertheless the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall be and shall be deemed to be subject to such Quit rents, Crown rents and Duchy rents issuing the reout respectively, as the same were respectively liable to on the twenty-third of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen.

IV. And it isalfo hereby ennfled and declared, That the present or future Commissioners, or Governors and Dire Hors of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, or any of them, shall not be answerable or accountable to any Person or Persons, other than to the said Royal Hospital, for or in respect of all or any Part of the Rents, Issues and Profits of the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, comprised in the said recited Indentures of Lease and Release of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Days of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, which accrued or became due from the Death of the said Charles Radcliffe, and which have already been, or shall hereafter be received by them, or any of them, except by laying such Accounts before his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, as by the said recited Act of the etghtn Year of his present Majesty's Reign is direhed; but that all such Rents, Issues and Profits, and nil Fines and Sums of Money which accrued or became due or payable from the Death of the said Charles ra.lclitfe, lull be appropriated and applied to the Uses, and for the Purposes, in the said Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign mentioned, and herein before recited; nevertheless they the said Commissioners, or Governors and Directors for the time being, shall, from time to time, lay the Accounts of their Receipts, Payments and Difouriements before his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, as by the said recited Act of the eighth of his present Majesty is direhed, as well with relpefl to the Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, comprised in the said Settlement of the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, as with respect to the Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, comprised hi the said Settlement of the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand six hundred and ninety one,

A.D. 1749. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii

C

209

Fines and Services to be performed and paid by the Tenants, upon the Death of the King.

The commissioners tmpowered to sue for Forfeitures.

V. And whereas by reason of the Limitation herein before made to the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir John 'thompson, Sir James Creed, Peter Burrell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, James Spllman, William Allix, Fitzwilliam ( Plumptre, William Young and Francis Danfays, of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Manner as aforesaid, a Doubt may be made, whether the Tenants of the said Estates ought* from henceforth to do such Acts and Services, and pay i'uch Fines and Sums, as by the Nature and T e ' nure of their Estates, founded upon immemorial Usage and Custom, or otherwise, they would be to have done and performed, and paid on the Death of any Lord thereof, in case the Limitation of the said M'a ' nors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments was made to a particular Person only, and his Heirs Now, in order to make the like Provisions as were made by the said Act of the eleventh Year of his prefeftt majesty's Reign, for obliging the Tenants of the said Estates to do such Acts and Services, and to pay such Fines and Sums of Money as aforesaid, it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the de^th of his present Majesty (whom God long preserve for the Benefit of his People) and also upon the Death of every successive King and Queen of this Realm, all such Acts and Services shall be done and performed, and all such Fines and Sums of Money shall be paid by the respective Tenants of the said Estates. to the said Commissioners, or Governors and Directors for the time being, of the said Royal ho spital at Greenwich, as by the ancient Tenure thereof, or by any Con trad, Law, Usage or Custom ought to be done, performed and paid by them, in case the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments had continued to be, or were actually veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and that he and they were to be considered as private Persons only, and not in their Politic Capacity; and for Default of Performance of such Acts and Services which ought to be done and performed, and for Default of Payment of any such Fines and Sums of Money which ought so to be paid, such Forfeitures and Penalties shall accrue and become due, and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or Governors and Directors for the time being of the said Royal Hospital, in the Name of any one of them, to use and take all such Ways and Means for recovering and taking Advantage of the said Forfeitures and Penalties, as might be lawfully used or taken by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in case the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and (Hereditaments had continued to be, or were actually veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and that he and they were to be considered as private Persons only, and not in their Politic Capacity; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman,

Sir John Thompson, William Fawkener and William Baxter, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, shall stand possessed of, and interested in the Barony,

Manors, Lands and Hereditaments by the said two several Indentures, both bearing Date the Sixteenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight respectively, bargained, sold and assigned unto the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir Edward Bellamy, Sir John Thompson, William Fawkener and William Baxter, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for and during all the Rest,

Residue and Remainder, now to come, and unexpired, of the several Terms of five hundred Years, and five hundred Years in the same Indentures mentioned; and that they the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir John Thompson, William Fawkener and William Baxter, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the respective lleirs. Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, shall stand feil ed and possessed of, and interested in the aforesaid Sum of three thousand Pounds, and the Barony, Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, charged with the Payment thereof, in Trust for the Commissioners, or Governors and Directors for the time being, of the said Royal Hospital at greenvach; and to the Intent that the said last mentioned Terms of five hundred Years, and five hundred Years, may attend and wait upon the Freehold and Inheritance of the Premises therein respectively comprised, and herein before limited to the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir John Thompson, Sir James Creed,

Peter Burrell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, James Soilman, William Allix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre, William lining and Francis Danfays, and to protect the same from all mesne Encumbrances, if any should happen to be; but subject nevertheless, and without Prejudice to the said Term of five hundred Years, herein before limited to the said Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenox, and Henry Fox, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners, or Governors and Directors for the time being, of the said Royal Hospital at greenvach, or any seven or more of them, from time to time, and at all Times hereafter, to appoint Stewards, Receivers or Bailiffs of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and to invest them with full Power to receive and get in the Rents, Ifilies and Profits thereof, and to give Receipts, Discharges and Acquittances for the same, and to hold Courts, and to do and perform all a.dls, Matters and Things necessary for the managing the said Premises, usually done and performed by Stewards, Receivers and Bailiffs, and also to assign and allow such Salaries and Rewards to the said Stewards, Receivers and Bailiffs, as the said Commissioners, or Governors and Directors of the said Royal Hospital for the time being, or any seven or more of them, shall think requisite and necessary in that Behalf; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or Governors and Directors of the said Hospital for the time being, or any seven or more of them, from time to time, and at all Times hereafter, to contladl for the Sale of, and accordingly to make Sale and dispose of all or any such Part or Parts of the Timber or Timber Trees on anj to makesat the said Estates, as they the said Commissioners, or Governors and Directors, or any seven or more of them, of Timber, shall think fit, and to authorise and appoint any Person or Persons to make any Contract or Contracts for the Sale of all or any Part or Parts of such Timber and Timber Trees, and to receive the purchase money fop the same, without being obliged to make any Application for all or any of those Purposes to his Maje without appli fly's Court of Exchequer, or to any Person or Persons whatsoever. cation to the

Vol. VII £ e VIII. And

Trufwes to Rznd possessed of the Lands assigned to them say two Indentures bearing Dare 16 Feb. 174s, for the several Terms of 500 Years 5

and in the Sum of 3, 0001. in Trust for the Hospital at Greenwich,

subject to the Term of 500 Years, limited to the Duke of Richmond, and Henry Fox lf choir.

The commissioners for Greenwich Hospital empowered to appoint Officers to receive the Rents, C

and to allow Salaries.

2 10

The Money art ling by Sale of Timber, to be applied to the jhofpilal,

Commissioners i in powered to cut down Tim her necessary for Repairs,

and to demise the Mines for 21 Years,

C 52,

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

VIII

f. And it is hereby enacted, That the Money to arise by the Sale to the Ui'e of the said Hospital, but so nevertheless, as that no Person or Persons who ball purchase any Part of such Timber, shall be answerable for the Application of such purchase money; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissione'rs, or Governors and Directors of the said Hospital, or any seven or more of them, to direct the cutting down, from time to time, such Timber and Timber Trees front off the said Estates, as they hall at airy Time adjudge necessary or sitting to be used in the repairing any Houses, Tenements, Buildings or Erections on the said Estates, or to be used in the Building any new Houses, Tenements, Edifices, Buildings or Structures, as they shall judge sitting to be erected on the said Estates, or ball think it necessary or reasonable to build or erect for any Tenants of the said Estates, or for the Benefit or Improvement of the Premises, or any Part thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners, or Governors and Directors for the time being of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, or any seven or more of them, from time to time, and at all Times hereafter, to demise and grant all and every, or any of the Mines of Lead, Coal and other Minerals, as well opened as not opened, within and under any of the aforesaid Lands and Premises, to any Person or Persons, for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding

of the said Timber shall be applied

and to grant Leases for 21 Years,

without Fine and to grant Power to work Mines, C

twenty-one Years, and to grant Leases of all or any of the aforesaid Manors, Lands, Tenements and hee reditaments, unto any Person or Persons, for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding twenty-one Years, to take effect in Possession and not in Reversion, reserving on every Lease, Demise or Grant of Mines, such Dues, Rent or Rents, and Profits, as they hall judge most reasonable, and reserving, on every other Lease and Demise, the belt yearly or other Rents or Dues which can be reasonably gotten for the same, without taking any Fine, >prceinium or Foregift; and that it fit all be lawful for the said commissio or Governors and Directors of the said Hospital, or any seven or more of them, to grant in every such

ners.

Condition for re entry on Nonpayment of Rent, C

Lease, Demise or Grant of Mines and Minerals, to the respective Adventurers, lefl ee or Lessees of such Mines and Minerals, full Power and Liberty to win and work the same Mines and Minerals, and to do every other reasonable at, and Thing requisite and necessary for that Purpose.

X But it is hereby enacted, That in every such Demise and Leafs, 'there shall be contained a Condition of re entry for nonpayment of the Rent and Rents thereby respectively to be reserved; it hall bs requisite for the respective Lessees to execute Counterparts of all such Demises and Leases, and no Clause shall be contained in any of the said Demises or Leases, other than in Demises or Leases of the said Alines or Minerals, whereby to give Power to any Lessee to commit Waite, or to exempt him, 'her or them from Punishment for committing the same.

XI. And whereas the Fines, Customs and Services, by and under which several of the Tenants hold their Farms, Lands, Tenements and Estates, lying and being within several of the aforesaid Manors, are agreed, ascertained or expressed in some Articles, Indenture, Deed or Writing, now or late in the Cu ' stody or Power of some of the said Tenants, which, if produced, might be a Adeans to prevent Disputes, ' Differences and Suits, concerning the said Fines, Customs and Services, and for the Quiet and Benefit both of the Lord and Tenants; and it may happen, that such Tenants may refuse to produce or hew such Articles, Indenture, Deed or Writing; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any seven or more of the Commissioners, or Governors and Directors of so^tenants'to" t'lc h°fp't: d for the time being, to apply to his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, by Motion CL en " in a summary Way, against any Tenant or Tenants holding any Farms, Lands, Tenements or Estates, lying and being within the said Manors, or any of them, of whose having in his, her or their Custody or Power any such Articles, Indenture, Deed or Writing, probable Evidence shall be hewed to the Satisfaction of the said Court, for such Tenant or Tenants to produce and hew forth the same; upon which alo tion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Exchequer, to examine and inquire into the said Matter, and to make such Order or Orders with respect to the producing and hewing forth any such Articles, Indenture, Deed or Writing, by any such Tenant or Tenants appearing to the said Court to have the same in his, her or their Custody or Power, and with respect to any Copy or Copies to be had and made thereof, and such other Order and Orders concerning the same, as the said Court shall think proper and just.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That so soon as it shall happen that so many of them the said clottingtrustees Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir John Thompson, Sir James Creed, Peter Burrell, Till. thofee 0ftallf am Eawkcner, William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, James Spiluan, William Mev, ua' Allix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre, T filliam Young and Francis Danfays, the Trustees nominated and appointed in and by this Add, for and on the Behalf of the said Commissioners, or Governors and Directors of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, hall happen to die, so as that the Number of such Trustees shall be reduced to Eleven, or any lesser Number; that then and in that Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners, or Governors and Directors of the said Hospital for the time being, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered at any Time thereafter, by any Deed or Instrument in Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, and to be enrolled in his Majesty's High Court of Chancery, to nominate such other Persons as they the said Commissioners, or Governors and Directors of the said Hospital, or any seven or more of them, shall think fit, in the Place of such of the said Trustees as shall so happen to die; and that it also shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or Governors and directors of the said Hospital for the time being, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, from time to time, and at all Times afterwards, when and so often as any other of the said Trustees, or when and so often as any of such other Persons as shall be so nominated as aforesaid, or any other Persons to be afterwards nominated in pursuance of this Aift (which they are hereby authorised and empowered to nominate accordingly) shall happen to die, by any such Deed or Instrument in Writing as aforesaid, to nominate such other Persons as they the said Commissioners, or Governors and

The commissioners may apply

produce Writings.

Exchequer to make Order thereon.

Rower given of

2i r

A.D. 1749» Anno vicesimo fecimdo Georgii II. c. 52.

directors, or any seven or more of them hall think fit, in the Place of all and every the Person and persons so dying.

XIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That from and immediately after every such Nomination, The lsnjs to all and Angular the Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments and Powers herein before limited and in, he j°int given to the find Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir John Thompson, Sir James Creed, ruflecs*

Peter Burrell, William Fawkcner, William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cock burn, James

Spilnian, wi!lif.m Allix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre, William Young and Francis Danfays, and their Heirs as aforesaid, hall be. well vested in the Persons who, from time to time, shall be so nominated as aforesaid, jointly with the Survivors of the said Trustees, or such other Persons as aforesaid, and in their Heirs, in Trust for the aid Commissioners, or Governors and Directors of the said Hospital, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Persons to be so nominated as aforesaid, had been actually named in this Act, and the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments and Powers had been hereby limited and given to them and the Sui vivors of the said Trustees, or such other Persons as aforesaid, and their Heirs.

XIV. And it is hereby declared, That the said Term of five hundred Years is so limited to the said Charles The Term of

Duke of Richmond and Lenox, and Henry Fox, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, upon Trust, T

that they the said Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenox, and Henry Fox, and the Survivor of them, and the Executors, Administrators and Assigns of such Survivor, do and shall by Demise or Mortgage of the Manors, mo, id and Henry Mefiuagss, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, comprised in the said Term, or of a competent Part Fox Esquire in thereof, for all or any Part of the said Term, levy and raise the full Sum of thirty thousand Pounds oftru<b lawful Money of Great Britain, and do and shall by and out of the Rents, Issues and Profits of the said Ma ^h'lmereft0^." 1101s, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, levy and raise Interest for the same, from the twenty-ninth _ pe" Cent' 3 Day of September one tl.cqfand seven hundred and forty-eight, at the rateof four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the said Principal Sum shall be levied and raised; do and shall pay the Sum of six thou 6, oco). thereof land Pounds, Part of the said Principal Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, and Interest for the same at the tofo Paid to lhe Rate aforesaid, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, unto the said Lady Charlotte Radcliffe, Lady Barbara Radcliffe, and Lady Mary Radcliffe, equally to be divided among bar., Radchfii - them Share and Share alike, the Parts and Shares of the said Lady Charlotte Radcliffe, and Lady Barbara and msryral I Radcliffe, to be paid as soon as may be after the said thirty thousand Pounds shall have been so levied and cliffe, f; C raised, and in the mean Time to be considered as veiled Interests respectively, and to go to their several Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively; and the Part or Share of the said Lady Mary Radcliffe, to Disposition of be paid at her Age of eighteen Years, or Day of Marriage, which shall first happen: Put if the said Lady Lady may Rad mary Radcliffe shall happen to die before she shall attain her Age of eighteen Years, or be married, then illfte's ^oltl on the Part and Share of her the said Lady Mary Radcliffe, of and in the said Sum of six thousand Pounds, and see iwcars the Interest thereof, shall be paid unto the said Lady Charlotte Radcliffe, and Lady Barbara Radcliffe, equally of Age, ormar to be divided between them Share and Share alike, and their respective Shares therein to be considered as riage. vested Interests, in like manner; and as to the Principal Sum of twenty-four thousand Pounds, Residue of Trustees to in the said Principal Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, upon Trust, that they the said Charles Duke of Richmond vest 24, 0001, in and Lenox, and Henry Fox, and the Survivor of them, and the Executors, Administrators and Assigns of jt put>lk, k such Survivor dp and Avail, from time to time, lay out and invest the said Principal Sum of twenty-four sor toc" s thousand Pounds, either in the public Funds, or in the Purchase of Parliamentary Stocks, or do and shall place out the same at Interest upon Government Securities; and upon furtheir Trust, that they the said Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenox, and Henry Fox, and the Survivor of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor do and shall pay the Interest of the said Principal Sum of twenty-four and to pay in thousand Pounds from the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, un tere(lfor the till the same shall be levied and raised by them, and the Interest of the said whole Principal Sum of thirty thttvh^e thousand Pounds, from the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty ciggg°col, eight, to the find twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; and also from Pf

time to time pay the Interest, Dividends, annual Profits and Proceed, which shall at any Time or Times 24, 0001.10 be arise by or in respect of the said Principal Sum of twenty-four thousand Pounds, after the same shall be le paid to James vied and raised by them, and of the Stocks, Funds and Securities, in which the same Avail or may be in Bartholomew vested unto the Hxdffjamcs Bartholomew Radcliffe and his Assigns, during his natural Life, for his and their hgffgvlale. own sole Use and benefit, and from and after the Decease of the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe, then do h's ua e and Avail pay the Interests, Dividends, annual Profits and Proceed, which Avail at any Time or Times thereafter arise by or in respect of the said Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds and Securities, unto the first Son of the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe, lawfully to be begotten, to and for his own Use and Benefit, until he Avail attain the Age of twenty-one Years, or Avail die under that Age without iaue of his Body; and in case such first Son of the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe Avail attain his Age of twenty-one Years, then that the said Trustees Avail pay, r.lr.gn, transfer and make over the said Principal Sum, and the Stocks, Funds and Securities, in which the same Avail or may be invested, to such first Son of the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe, his Executors and Administrators, for his and their own sole Use ard Benefit; but in case such first Son shall happen to die under the Age of twenty-one Years without Blue of his Body, that then they the said Trustees do and hall pay the Interest, Dividends, annual Profits and Proceed of the said Principal Sum, Stocks,

Funds and Securities unto the Second Son of the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe, lawfully to be begotten, to and for his own Use and Benefit, until he Aval! attain the Age of twenty-one Years, or ball die under that Age without Issue of his Body; and in case such Second Son of the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe Avail attain his Age of twenty-one Years, then that the said Trupees Avail pay, assign, transfer and make over the said Principal Sum, and the Stocks, Funds and Securities, in which the same Avail or may be invested, to such second Son of the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe, his Executors and Administrators, for his and their own sole Use and Benefit; but in case such Second Son Avail happen to die under the Age of twenty-one Years without Issue of his Body, that then they the said' Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenox,

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II.

212

and In case of Failure of Male Issue, then to his I flue Female

On Failure of Issue of James Bartholomew Radclifte, then to be paid to James Clement Radcliffe, and his I flue.

C 52.

A.D. 1749.

and Henry Fox, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall stand and be possessed of and interested in the said principal Sum of twenty-four thousand Pounds, and the Stocks, Funds and Securities, in which the same shall or may be inverted, in Trust for the third, fourth, fifth, and all and every other the Son and Sons of the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe, lawfully to be begotten, in like Manner, and for such inte rerts, as are herein before respectively limited to the said first and second Sons of the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe, every such Son and Sons to be entitled to, and to take the said Principal Sum, and the Stocks, Funds and Securities, in which the same shall or may be inverted, and the Interest, Dividends, annual Profits and Proceed thereof, severally and successively one after the other, according to his and their Priority of Birth, the elder of such Son and Sons being always preferred, and to be entitled to and to take the same before the younger of such Son and Sons; and in case there shall not be any Son of the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe, lawfully begotten, or all such Sons shall die before any of them shall attain his Age of twenty-one Years, and without leaving Issue of their Bodies, then that they the said Trustees do and shall pay the Interest, Dividends, annual Profits and Proceed of the said Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds and Securities, unto the first Daughter of the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe, lawfully to be begotten, to and for her own Use and Benefit, until she shall attain the Age of eighteen Years, or shall die under that Age, without Irtue of her Body; and in case such first Daughter of the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe shall attain her Age of eighteen Years, then that the said Trustees shall pay, assign, transfer and make over the said Principal Sum, and the Stocks, Funds and Securities, in which the same shall or may be inverted, to such first Daughter of the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe, her Executors and Administrators, for her and their own sole Use and Benefit; but in case such first Daughter shall happen to die under the Age of eighteen Years without Issue of her Body, that then they the said Trustees do and shall pay the Interest, Dividends, annual Profits and Proceed of the said Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds and Securities, unto the second Daughter of the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe, lawfully to be begotten, to and for her own Use and Benefit, until she shall attain the Age of eighteen Years, or shall die under that Age, without Issue of her Body; and in case such second Daughter of the tad James Bartholomew Radcliffe shall attain her Age of eighteen Years, then that the said Trustees shall pay, assign, transfer and make over the said Principal Sum, and the Stocks, Funds and Securities, in which the same shall or may be inverted, to such second Daughter of the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe, her Executors and Administrators, for her and their own sole Use and Benefit; but in case such second Daughter shall happen to die under the Age of eighteen Years, without Issue of her Body, then that they the said charlesduke of Richmond and Lenox, and Henry Fox, their exe ecutors, Administrators and Assigns, shall stand and be possessed of and interested in the said Principal Sum of twenty-four thousand Pounds, and the Stocks Funds and Securities, in which the same shall or maybe inverted, in Trust for the third, fourth, fifth, and all and every other the Daughter and Daughters of the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe, lawfully to be begotten, in like Manner, and for such Interests, as are herein before respectively limited to the said first and second Daughters of the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe; every such Daughter and Daughters to be entitled to, and to take the said Principal Sum, and the Stocks, Funds and Securities, in which the same shall or may be inverted, and the Interest, Dividends, annual Profits and Proceed thereof, severally and successively, one after the other, according to her and their Priority of Birth, the elder of such Daughter and Daughters being always preferred, and to be entitled to, and to take the same before the younger of such Daughter and Daughters; and in case there shall not be any Daughter of the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe, lawfully begotten, or all such Daughters shall die before any of them shall attain her Age of eighteen Years, and without leaving Issue of their Bodies, then that they the said Trustees do and shall pay the Interest, Dividends, annual Profits and Proceed of the said principal Sum, Stocks, Funds and Securities, unto the said James Clement Radcliffe, and his Assigns, during his natural Life, for his and their own sole Use and Benefit; and from and after the Decease of the said James Clement Radcliffe, then do and shall pay the Interest, Dividends, annual Profits and Proceed, which shall at any Time or Times thereafter arise by or in respect of the said Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds and Securities, unto the first Son of the said James Clement Radcliffe, lawfully to be begotten, to and for his own Use and Benefit, until he shall attain the Age of twenty-one Years, or shall die under that Age, without Issue of his Body; and in case such first Son of the said James Clement Radcliffe shall attain his Age of twenty-one Years, then that the said Trustees shall pay, assign, transfer and make over the said Principal Sum, and the Stocks, Funds and Securities, in which the same shall or may be inverted, to such first Son of the said James Clement Radcliffe, his Executors and Administrators, for his and their own sole Use and Benefit; but in case such first Son shall happen to die under the Age of twenty-one Years, without Issue of his Body, that then they the said Trustees do and shall pay the Interest, Dividends, annual Profits and Proceed of the said Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds and Securities, unto the second Son of the said James Clement Radcliffe, lawfully to be begotten, to and for his own Use and Benefit, until he shall attain his Age of twenty-one Years, or shall die under that Age, without Issue of his Body; and in case such second Son of the said James Clement Radcliffe shall attain his Age of twenty-one Years, then that the said Trustees shall pay, assign, transfer and make over the said Principal Sum, and the Stocks, Funds and Securities in which the same shall or may be inverted, to such second Son of the said James Clement Radcliffe, his Executors and Administrators, for his and their own sole Use and Benefit; but in case such second Son shall happen to die under the Age of twenty-one Years, without Issue of his Body, then that they the said Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenox, and Henry Fox, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall stand and be possessed of, and interested in, the said Principal Sum of twenty-four thousand Pounds, and the Stocks, Funds and Securities, in which the same shall or may be inverted, in Trust for the third, fourth, fifth, and all and every other the Son and Sons of the said James Clement Radcliffe, lawfully to be begotten, in like Manner, and for such Interests, as are herein before respectively limited to the said first and second Sons of the said James Clement Radcliffe; every such Son and Sons to be entitled to, and to take the said Principal Sum, and the

A.D. 1749. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II.

C 52.

213

Stocks, Funds and Securities in which the same shall or may be inverted, and the Interest, Dividends, annual Profits and Proceed thereof, severally and successively one after the other, according to his and their Prioiity of Birth, the eldest of such Son and Sons being always preferred, and to be entitled to, and to take the fume before the younger of such Son and Sons; and in case there shall not be any son of the said 'james Clement Radcliffe, lawfully begotten, or all such Sons shall die before any of them shall attain his Age of twenty-one Years, and without leaving Ilfue of their Bodies, then that they the said Trustees do and shall pay the Interest, Dividends, annual Profits and Proceed of the said Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds and Securities, unto the first Daughter of the said James Clement Radcliffe, lawfully to be begotten, to and for her own Use and Benefit, until she shall attain the Age of eighteen Years, or shall die under that Age, without Issue of her Body; and in case such first Daughter of the said James Clement Radcliffe shall attain her Age of eighteen Years, then that the said Trustees shall pay, assign, transfer and make over the said Principal Sum, and the Stocks, F unds and Securities, in which the same shall or may be inverted, to suck first Daughter of the said James Clement Radcliffe, her Executors and Administrators, for her and their own foleufe and Benefit; but in case such first Daughter shall happen to die under the Age of eighteenyears, without Irtue of her Body, that then they the said Trustees do and shall pay the Interest, Dividends, annual Profits and Proceed of the said Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds and Securities, unto the second Daughter of the said James Clement Radcliffe, lawfully to be begotten, to and for her own Uie and Benefit, until she shall attain the Age of eighteen Years, or shall die under that Age, without Issue of her Body; and in case such second Daughter of the said James Clement Radcliffe shall attain her Age of eighteen Years, then that the said Trustees shall pay, assign, transfer and make over the said Principal Sum, and the Stocks, Funds and Securities, in which the same shall or may be inverted, to such second Daughter of the said James Clement Radcliffe, her Executors and Administrators, for her and their own sole Use and Benefit; but in case such second Daughter shall happen to die under the Age of eighteen Years, without Issue of her Body, then that they the said Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenox, and Henry Fox, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall stand and be possessed of, and interested in, the said Principal Sum of twenty-four thousand Pounds, and the Stocks, Funds and Securities, in which the same shall or may be inverted, in Trust for the third, fourth, fifth, and all and every other the Daughter and Daughters of the James Clement Radcliffe, lawfully to be begotten, in like Manner, and for such Interests, as are herein before respectively limited to the said first and second Daughters of the said James Clement Radcliffe; every such Daughter and Daughters to be entitled to, and to take the said Principal Sum, and the Stocks, Funds and Securities in which the same shall or may be inverted, and the Interest, Dividends, annual Profits and Proceed thereof, severally and successively, one after the other, according to her and their Priority of Birth, the elder of such Daughter and Daughters being always preferred, and to be entitled to, and to take the same before the On Failure of younger of such Daughter and Daughters; and in case there shall not be any Daughter of the said James Issue of James Clement Radcliffe, lawfully begotten, or all such Daughters shall die before any of them shall attain to the Ciement Rad age of eighteenyears, and without leaving Issue of their Bodies, then that they the said Charles Duke f p, 4to\he E s, Richmond and Lenox, and Henry Fox, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall stand and be pof Outers and af fefied of, and interested in, the said principal Sum of twenty-four thousand Pounds, and thestocks, Funds signs of James and Securities in which the same shall or may be inverted, in Trust for the Executors, Administrators and Bartholomew Assigns of the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe, to and for their own proper Use and Benefit. Radchfle.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That it mall and may be lawful to and for James eartbo the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe and James Clement Radcliffe, from time to time, and at any Time du lomewraddift's, ring their respective natural Lives, as and when they shall by virtue of this Act be respectively entitled to and James receive the yearly Interest, Dividends, Profits and Proceed of the said Principal Sum of twenty-four thou j^o^erect'^ sand Pounds, and of the Stocks, Funds and Securities in which the same shall or may be inverted, or any makv settle ° part.or Parcel thereof, by any Deed or Deeds, or other Instrument in Writing, under their respective Hands rr.ents in case of and Seals, attested by two or more credible Witnesses, to limit, appoint or settle any Part or Parts of the Marriage; yearly Interest, Dividends, Profits and Proceed of the said Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds and Securities,

not exceeding one third Part of the yearly Interest, Dividends, Profits and Proceed of so much of the said Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds and Securities, as they shall respectively by virtue of this at be then entitled actually to receive, to and upon, and for the Use and Benfit of any Woman or Women with whom the said James Bcrtholomcu Radcliffe and James Clement Radcliffe shall hereafter happen to inter marry, for the Life of such Woman or Women, in Nature of a Jointure for such Woman or Women, and to take Effect immediately after the Decease of the Person or Persons making such Limitation, Appointment or Settlement, and such Limitation, Appointment or Settlement, to be before or after such Marriage, as to them the said: James Bartholomew Rxidcliffe and James Clement Radcliffe, shall respectively seem meet.

XVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, Phat it shall and may be lawful and to assign to

to and for the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe and James Clement Radcliffe, as and when they shall by vir Trustees one tue of this Act be respectively entitled to receive the yearly Interest, Dividends., Profits and Proceed of the third of the said Principal Sum of twenty-four thousand Pounds, and of the Stocks, Funds and Securities, in which the 1>roccf'd of same shall or may be inverted, or any Part or Parcel thereof, by any Deed or Deeds, or other Instrument Years 'f in Writing, under their respective Hands and Seals, with or without Power of Revocation, and to be at' '

by two or more credible Witnesses, or by his or theirlaft Will or Wills in Writing, signed by him or them, and attested by three or more credible Witnesses, to assign, limit or appoint unto any such Person or Persons, as shall by him or them be thought proper to be Trustees in that Behalf, any Part or Parts of the yearly Interest, Dividends, Profits and Proceed of the said Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds and Securities, not exceeding one third Part of the yearly Interest, Dividends, Profits and Proceed of so much of the said Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds and Securities, as they shall respectively by virtue of this Act be then entitled actually to receive, to hold unto Inch Trustees, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding twenty-one Years, to commence either in Possession, or at any future

214 C 52.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1749.

Day, during the Life of the Person and Persons so respectively assigning, limiting or appointing the same, or from his or their Decease, as in and by such Deed, Instrument or Will shall be expressed in order to ralfe

XVII. And it is hereby enacted, That such respective Alignments and Appointments, to be made in pur portions for fuance of this Act as lait is mentioned, shall be respectively in order to and for the Purpose of ruifing Por daughters and tions for the Daughters and younger Sons of the Person and Persons so aliigning, limiting or appointing fuji younger Sons. part or parrs of the yearly Interest, Dividends, Profits, and Proceed of the Paid Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds and Securities as aforesaid; they the said Trustees, to whom such Alignments or Appointments shall be respectively made, and their Executors and Administrators, shall respectively Hand port.bed of, and interested in the Part and Parts of the yearly Interest, Dividends, Profits, and Proceed of the said Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds and Securities, so to be to them respectively ailiened, limited or appointed as aforesaid, in Trust, by the Ways and Means in such respective Deeds, Instruments or last Wills to be mentioned to levy and mile for the Portion and Portions of the respective Daughter or Daughters, younger Son or younger Sons of the respective Person and Persons so assigning, limiting or appointing the said Part and Parts of the yearly Interest, Dividends, Profits, and Proceed of the said Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds and Securities, such Sum and Sums of Money so to be paid to and among such Daughter or Daughters, younger Son or, Sons, in such Shares and Proportions, and at such Days and Times, and with or without such Maintenance or Interest in the mean Time, until the same shall be paid, not exceeding the Interest of such respective Portions, and also with such Benefit of Survivorship, and subject to and under such Conditions, Provisoes, Limitations, Declarations and Agreements, and with such Powers for lessening, increasing, changing and altering all and every such Portion or Portions, as in and by such respective Deeds, Instruments or lait Wills, shall, from time to time, by the respective Person and Persons so assigning, limiting or appointing such re speblive Part and Parts of the ytarly Interest, Dividends, Profits, and Proceed of the said Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds and Securities, be directed and declared, and to and for no other Intent or Purpose whatso on Payment of ever; and from and immediately after such Portion or Portions, Maintenance and Interest shall be raised and such Portions, paid, or upon Payment thereof by the Person entitled to the Reversion expectant on the Determination of the Term to the fai, j Term, all and every such Term, so to be created and vested in Trustees as aforesaid, shall cease, de ccs'e' termiue, and be void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

James Bartho

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That if the said "Janus Barihohmeiv Resd

lomew Radcliffe la]] not, within the Space of twelve Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, in case he

to become bound £|ia]j ]jving at the End of tile said twelve Months, enter into a Recognisance before the Chief fiftice to en°tr°tnto any his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or before the Chief Justice of his Majesty's Court of c.mnion Picas, Foreign Service at Westminster, wherein he shall be bound to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of fifty thou wiihour Licence sand Pounds, not to enter into the Service of any Foreign Prince, State or Potentate, in any Capacity what from the King, foeyer, nor to depart this Realm, without the Licence of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under his or their Sign Manual for that Purpose first had and obtained; that then, and in that Case, all such Right, Title and Interest, as is herein before vested in, or limited to, the said Janies Bartholomew Radcliffe, and his Issue, in and to th'e laid Principal Sum of twenty-four thousand Pounds, and the Stocks, Funds and Securities in which the same shall or may be inverted, and in and to the Interests, Dividends, annual Profits, and Proceed thereof, shall, from thenceforth, cease and determine, in the same Manner, to all Inrents and Purports, as if the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe was then actually dead without Issue of his. Body.

XIX. Provided also, and it is hereby likewil'e enacted and declared, That if the said James clementrad cliffe shall not, within twelve Calendar Months next after he shall have had Notice that any Right, Title or o coo not to Itnereft, in or to the Interest, Dividends, annual Profits, and Proceed of the said Principal Sum, Stocks, enter into So Funds and Securities, or any Part thereof, hath actually come to, or is vested in him in Possession, by virtue reign Sarvice, of the Trusts aforesaid, appear before the Chief Justice of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or before the withoatlicence. Chief Justice of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, at Westminster, and enter 'into a Recognisance,

wherein he shall be bound to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the like Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, not to enter into, nor continue, or be in the Service of any Foreign Prince, State or Potentate, in any Capacity whatsoever, nor to depart this Realm, without the Licence of his Majesty, Siis Heirs or Successors, under his or their Sign Manual for that Purpose first had and obtained; that then, and in that Case, all such Right, Title and Interest, as is herein before vested in, or limited to, the said James Clement Radcliffe, and his Issue, in and to the said Principal Sum of twenty-four thousand Pounds, and the Stocks, Funds and Securities, in which the same shall or may be inverted, and in and to the Interest, Dividends, annual Profits, and Proceed thereof, shall, from thenceforth cease and determine, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purports, as if the said James Clement Radcliffe was then actually dead, without Ifilieof his Body.

None of eh

XX. And it is hereby enabled and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con Parties benefited fjrue; } to extend, to give to the said James Bartholomew Radcliffe, James Clement Raddifc, Lady Ckarkite t>y Radciijj'e, Lady Barbara Radcliffe, and Lady Mary Radcliffe, or to any of them, any Right or Privilege of

'*' claiming to be naturalised by virtue of this Act, or of being deemed or taken, or of claiming, by virtue

hereof, to be natural born Subjects; but they and every of them shall be and remain, in respect thereof, in the same State, Plight and Condition, to all Intents and Purposes, as they and every of them would have been in case this Act had not been made, save that they and every of them shall and may maintain any Action or Actions, and commence and profecnte any Suit or Suits, and use and exercise all such other Remedies and Privileges as shall be necessary for the enabling them, or any of them, to have the Benefit of this Act, and of the several Provisions hereby made, and of the fever.il Trusts and Interests before mentioned; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. ofltie^wd Bar

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if the said James Bartbshmnv Radcliffe, tiss bcin> ciiiliy and James Clement Radcliffe, or either of them, or their or either of their Blue, either Male or Female, for whom ftigh trea any Provssion is made, or intended to be made, by this Act, or to or for whom any Trust or Interest is hereby

limited '

James Clement fcadcbffe to become bound in

A.D. 1749. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 52. 215

limited or declared, shall at any Time hereafter be guilty of or commit any Crimejpr Offence which would fonj or ]mfprj_ he High Treason, or Misprision of Tre'albn, or shah do or perform any Act, Matter or Thing which would (ion of trea have amounted to High Treason, or Misprision of Treason, in case the Person or Persons so being guilty of or committing any such Crime or Offence, or so doing or performing such Act, Matter or Thing as aforesaid, had been a natural born Subject of this Realm; that then, and in that Case, the Person or Persons who shall be so guilty of, or commit such Crime or Offence, or who shall so do or perform any such Act, Matter, or Thing, as aforesaid, shall for him and herself, and for themselves respectively, and for his, her and their Issue and Defendants, forfeit to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all such Right, Title and Interop, as shall be then vested in him, her or them, either in Possession or Reversion, in and to the Paid Principal Sum of twenty-four thousand Pounds, and the Stocks, Funds and Securities, in which the same shall or may be invested, and in and to the Interest, Dividends, animal Profits, and Proceed thereof, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Person or Persons had been natural born Subjects of this Realm.

xxir. And it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Paid Commissioners, or thscomtr.if governors and directors of the Paid Hospital, or any seven or more of them, at. any Time or Times here sioners impov. er after, to agree with any Person or Persons who shall be entitled to all or any Part of the Principal Money ed to agree with to be levied and raised by virtue of this Act, or the Interest: thereof, for any less Rate or Interest for such Prin' '

Money, than is hereby made payable for the same, or than the same shall or may be levied and raised r es J

at, and in case the Person or Persons who shall be entitled thereto shall not so agree, then to agree with any other Person or Persons for the advancing Money at any less Rate or Interest than aforesaid, for paying otp all or any Part of the Principal Money hereby directed to be levied and raised; then and in that Case, the Principal Money which shall be so paid off, and the Securities for the same, hall be assigned to the per i son or Persons who shall advance such Money, provided that such Alignment shall be made for the respective Principal Money only that shall be so paid off, and for the Interest of such Principal Money to grow due from and after the making of such Alignments respectively; that the said Principal Money, and the interest thereof in all such Assignments, shall be made payable at the End of six Months at the farthest, from the Day of the making such Alignments respectively.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Receipt or Receipts of the said Charles Duke of Rich Tmfteesto give monel and Lenox, and Henry Fox, or the Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Sur Receipts, vivor, under his or their Planets respectively, shall be a good and effectual Discharge to the Person and Persons to whom' any Deniifeor Mortgage shall be made in pursuance of this Act, for such Sum and Sums of Money for which such Receipt or Receipts shall be given; and after such Receipt or Receipts sit all be so given, such Person and Persons shall be, and are hereby absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from; the same; and they, or any of them, after such Receipt or Receipts given, shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Nonapplication of the said Money, or any Part thereof.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said Charles Duke of jj0 Trnflee to Richmond and Lenox, and Henry Fox, or the Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of either be accountable of them, shall not be answerable nor accountable for any Sum or Sums of Money to be received by them, for more than or any of them, under the Trusts hereby created and declared, any otherwise than each Person for such If" 1 M Sum or Sums of Money as he shall respectively actually receive; and that no one of them shall be answer

or accountable for the Acts, Receipts, Neglects or Defaults of the other of them, nor for any Loss or Damage that shall or may happen by or in placing out the said Principal Sum of twenty-four thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, at Interest, or by or in depofidng the same with any Person or Persons, or in any Place or Places, for safe Custody, until the same shall, from time to time, be placed out as aforesaid, unless such Loss or Damage shall happen by or through their voluntary or wilful Default.

XXV. And it is hereby also enacted, That they the said Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenox, and Trufleasto re hcnry Fox, and each of them, and their and each of their Executors and Administrators, out of the Prin imburse them cipal Money which shall come to their or any of their Hands, or the Interest, Dividends and Proceed thereof, felveo.

shall be allowed, and retain to and reimburse themselves all such Costs, Charges, Damages and Expenses, as they shall or may respectively sustain, be at, or put unto, in or about the Execution of all or any of the Trusts hereby in them reposed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act:, and every Clause, Matter pubikk a£ip and Thing herein contained, shall by all and every Judge and Judges, and other Person and Persons, be' construed and adjudged as largely and beneficially in all Courts of Law and Equity, and all other Places, as'

can be for the Ends and Purposes herein expressed, and the same is hereby declared to be a public Act of Parliament, and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without special Pleading the same.

XXV. IT. Saving to the King's tnofl Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all his and their Right Rkhts of the to such Quit rents, Crown rents, and Duchy rents, only Hiring out of the said several Estates intended erown and to be hereby settled to and for the ul'e and Benefit of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, as the same others Caved,

1 Estates were respectively liable to on the twenty-third Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand sand seven hundred and fifteen; and laving to the Lady Catherine Radcliffe, if living, and to all and every other Person and Persons (other titan and except the said King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, lave as aforesaid, and other than and except the said James Bartholomew Radclffe, commonly called Lord Kenairil,

and James Clement Radcliffe, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies; and all and every other Person, and Persons whatsoever, who is, are or shall be the Descendant or Descendants of or from the said Francis late Earl of Deriventwater, or the find James late Earl of Derwentwater, or the said ate charles radcliffe, or' any of them, except the said Lady Catherine Radcliffe, if living, and all and every other Person and Persons, who may or shall at any Time hereafter claim any Right, Title, Estate or Interest in, to, or out of the said

several

several last mentioned Estates, by means of the said recited Settlements of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Days of March one thousand six hundred and ninety one, and the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Days of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, or either of them) all their Right, Title, Interest, Claim or Demand to the said several Dilates intended to be hereby settled to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, or any Fart or Parts thereof.

Anno vicesimo tertio GEORGII II. Regis.

O

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster, the tenth Day of November, Amo Dim. 1747, Jr in the twenty first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Second, by the ' "Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, CC and from

thence continued by several Prorogations to the sixteenth Day of November 1749. being the third Session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

r.

An Act for reducing the several Annuities, which now carry an Interest after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the several Rates of Interest therein mentioned.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS there is now due and owing from the Public, to the Proprietors of certain Annuities payable at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, the sum of three hundred and twelve thousand Pounds, and to the Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in their own Right, the Sum of eight millions four hundred eighty six thousand eight hundred Pounds; and to thepro prietors of certain Annuities transferrable there, the Sum of eighteen millions four hundred two thousand four hundred seventy two Pounds and ten Pence; and to the Corporation of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the Sum of three millions twobundred thousand Pounds; and also to the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, commonly called the South Sea Company, in their own Right, and for the Use and Benefit of the Proprietors of the Annuities, commonly called the Old South Sea Annuities, and new South Sea Annuities, the Sum of twenty seven millions three hundred two thousand two hundred three Pounds five Shillings and sixpence Halfpenny: All which said several and respective Principal Sums do amount in the Whole to the Sum of fifty seven millions seven hundred three thousand four hundred seventy five Pounds six Shillings and fourpence Halfpenny, and are attended with Annuities, or an Interest, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament: And whereas your Majesty hath been pleased, by your most gracious Speech to both Houses assembled in Parliament, to recommend to your dutiful and faithful Commons of Great Britain, to be watchful to irn prove any Opportunity of putting the National Debt in a Method of being reduced, with a strict Regard to public Faith and private Property; and your said dutiful and loyal Commons being truly sensible, that nothing can so effectually contribute to make the Trade of this Kingdom flourish, and render your Majesty's Reign glorious topofterity, as the lessening the public Debts and Encumbrances, consistent with Justice and public Faith, have resolved, that any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who now are, or hereafter may be, interested in, or entitled unto, any Part of the National Debt redeemable by Law, incurred before Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, which now carries an Interest after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and who shall, on or before the twenty eighth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, subscribe their Names, or signify their Consent to accept of an Interest of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the twenty fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, subject to the lame Provisoes, Notices, and Clauses of Redemption, which their respective Four percents are now liable to, shall in lieu of their present Interest be entitled unto, and receive an Interest of four Pounds per Centum per Annum till the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and from and after the said twenty fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, ail Interest of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, until the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and no Part of the same, except what is due to the East India Company, shall be liable to be redeemed ti'l after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and that all Executors, y\uministrators, Guardians and Trustees, may subscribe and signify such Consent for the several Parts of the said Debt, for the holding of which their Names are made use of respectively; and that all Duties, Revenues and Incomes which now Hand appropriated to the Payment of the said Interest of four Pounds per Centum per Annum respectively, shall continue, and be appropriated and applied to the Payment of the respective Interest of four Pounds per centum per Annum, three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and three Pounds per Centum per Annum, in the same Manner as the same now stand appropriated to the Payment of the said four Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that the Surplusses of the said Funds,

after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, shall be made Part of the Sinking Fund, and applied in the same Manner as the Stirpluftes of the said Funds are now applicable; and also that Books be opened at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, at the Bank of England, and South Sea House, for receiving the said Subscriptions or Consent: They therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

C

1,

217

the present Annuities,

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tin's present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who now or hereafter maybe interested in, or entitled unto, any. Part of the said National Debt re pei lbni irt refi deeniable by Law, incurred before Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, amounting in ed in the n»the Whole to the Sum of fifty seven millions seven hundred three thousand four hundred seventy five Pounds ', on; l1 Dsb: 'six Shillings and fourpence Halfpenny, which now carries an interest after the Rate of four Pounds per Gentian per Annum., and who have or ihal), on or before the said twenty-eighth Day of February one thou 6s'.vav sand seven hundred and forty-nine, subscribe their Names, or signify their Consent, to accept of an interest which now car* of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the said twenty-fifth Day of December one nes 2n Interest thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, subject to the same Provisoes, Notices, and Clauses of Redemption, ^altcon'1' which their respective Four percents are now liable to, shall, in lieu of their present interest be entitled f=nt l0 accept" unto, and receive an interest of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the said twenty-fifth Day of De of 31, percent. cember one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one from 23 Dec. lhousand seven hundred and fifty, an interest of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, until the 1757> al said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and no Part of the same, cent it' except what is due to the East India Company, shall be liable to be redeemed till after the said twenty-fifth Dec. 17, -0,

Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven. and 3 I. 10 s.

percent, until 25 Dec. 1757. 23 Geo. 2. C a;

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Annuities of four Pounds per Th said Annul centum per Annum, now payable in respect of the said Principal Sum of fifty leven millions seven hundred t; es made pay three thousand four hundred seventy five Pounds six Shillings and fourpence Halfpenny, to the Proprietors sble and cram thereof, and by this Act continued to them until the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven ?rrallllin !hs. hundred and fifty, as also the several and respective reduced Annuities of three Pounds ten Shillings per '!nn£r s Centum per Annum, and three Pounds per Centum per Annum, by this Act made payable in lieu thereof, from the respective Days therein mentioned, shall, during the respective Continuances thereof, be paid and payable to the respective Persons and Corporations entitled thereunto, their Executors, Administrators and af signs, at the same respective Offices and Places, and out of the same Duties, Revenues and Incomes, and at such Time or Times, and shall be assignable, transferrable and disposeable, in the same Manner and Form, as the said Annuities of four Pounds per Centum per Annum are now payable, assignable, transferrable and disposeable, by the respective Acts or Statutes now in Force, for or concerning the same, and f, to as if this present Act had never been made, subject nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament, from the jempiionalter said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, in Manner herein after men 15 Dec. 1757. tinned; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas Books have been already opened in Pursuance of a Resolution of the Commons of Great Britain, in this Session of Parliament, in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and also at the respective Offices of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and of the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and for encouraging the Fishery, commonly called the South Sea Company, for taking in the sub feriptions, or receiving the Consents of such Persons or Corporations, as now are, or shall be, interested. in, or entitled unto, any Part of the said Annuities or Interests, after the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, who are willing to accept of an Annuity of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, in lieu thereof, from the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, until the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and of an Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, in such Manner as hath already been, or hereafter shall be directed in that Behalf: And whereas in Pursuance of the said Resolution, Notices have already been affixed in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, and in other the public Offices aforesaid, and at the Royal Exchange of London, and also published in the London Gazette, Oat the Book or Books for taking in the said Subscriptions, or receiving the said Consents, were laid open at the said Receipt of Exchequer, and in other the Public Offices aforesaid, to the End the Proprietors of the said Annuities, after the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, might be apprized thereof, and make their Subscriptions, or give their Consents, in the said respective Book or Books, under a proper Preface to be prepared for that Purpose, by subscribing their respective Sums, Names, and Places of Abode, with his, her or their respective proper Additions: And whereas it may so happen, that notwithstanding the said several Notices, many of the Persons or Corporations entitled to the said Annuities or Interests, after the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, may hitherto have omitted to make such Subscriptions, or give their Consents in the said Books, in the Manner before mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several and respective Books shall constantly be opened at the said Receipt of Exchequer, and Books to be other the Public Offices aforesaid, for that Purpose every Day, Sundays only excepted, until the said twenty open at the ex eighth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, inclusive, and no longer; subject northeast chequer, C veitheless to such further Direction, with respect to the taking in or receiving such Subscriptions or Con unco fents from the Proprietors of the said Annuities of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, as shall or may be rations of the given by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Trea 41. percent. hirer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, for the Benefit and Ad See 23 Geo. 2. vantage of the Public; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietors of the said Annuities ofc S four Pounds per Centum per Annum, or such Person or Persons, as he, she or they shall respectively authorise and empower by Writing in that Behalf, to subscribe or consent for them, in Manner aforesaid, to have free Access to the said several Books, at all seasonable Hours, and they have hereby Power to make their Subscriptions, or give VOL VII

their Consents therein, for the F f

Wh !e Sum or Sums due

to thern, or any of them.

218 C t,

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

A.D.

175°

Annuities feto the Subscribfirs

free fr m Taxes.

"Executors, C im cowered to subscribe.

them, according to this Act, without any Fee or Charge whatsoever; and the several and respective Officers of the said Receipt of Exchequer, and of other the public Offices aforesaid, appointed or to be appointed to take in such Subscriptions, or receive such Consents, as aforesaid, shall, during the Time aforesaid, constantly attend at the said respective Offices for that Purpose, at such Hours as Business is usually transacted at the said several and respective Public Offices.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who have or shall, on or before the said twenty-eighth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, have subscribed, or given their Consent in the Book or Books aforesaid, to accept of an Interest or Annuity after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, from the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, until the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and of an Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, in lieu of their present Annuities of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall have, receive and enjoy, and they are hereby declared to be entitled to an Annuity of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, from the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, until the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and to an Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, from file said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, redeemable by Parliament, in Manner herein after mentioned; and the said Annuities of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and three Pounds per Centmn per Annum, and the Principal or Capital for which the same shall be payable, are hereby declared, and shall be adjudged, taken and

Personal Estate, accepted in Construction of Law, and in all Courts of Law and Equity whatsoever, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to be a Personal and not a Real Estate, and shall go to the Executors or Administrators of the Person or Persons dying possessed thereof, interested therein, or entitled thereunto, and not to the Heirs of such Person or Persons, Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; that the said Annuities shall be free from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever, in the same Manner as they now are.

V. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful for all Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Trustees, Committees of the Estates ofldeots or Lunatics, and the Accomptant General of the Court of Chancery, and the Deputy Remembrancer of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, to make, or cause to be made, Subscriptions in the said Book or Books, signifying their Consent to accept an Interest or Annuity of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, from the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, until the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and of an Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, for and on the Behalf of their respective Testators. Infants, Minors, Femes Covert, Idiots or Lunatics, and the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, and of the said Court of Exchequer and others, for whom they are or shall be respectively entrusted; such Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, and Accomptant General, and Deputy Remembrancer, are and shall be, by virtue of this Act, indemnified in and for doing the same.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised, out of any Money remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the Duties, Revenues and Incomes appropriated for the Payment of the said Annuities of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to reward all such Persons as shall be any ways employed in the Execution of this Act, in relation to the taking in such Subscriptions, or receiving such Consents as aforesaid, and to defray all such incident Charges, as shall neceflh rily attend the Execution of the said Act, in such Manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable.

The Funds msde

VII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Duties, Revenues and Incomes subject to the which are now appropriated, subject or applicable to the Payment of the said Annuities of four Pounds (er reduced interest. Centum per Annum, shall, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, be subject and liable to the Payment of such of the said Annuities of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, as shall not be subscribed, in case any shall be unsubscribed, and also of the said reduced Annuities of three Pounds ten Shillings, and three Pounds per Centum per Annum, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same were liable and subject to the Payment of the said Annuities of four Pounds per Centum per Annum; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, of or for the several Duties, Revenues and Incomes, appropriated, subject or liable to the Payment of the said unsubscribed Annuities and of the said reduced Annuities of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and three Pounds per Centum per Annum, which shall be more than sufficient to answer and pay the said respective Annuities, shall, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, he applied to the same Uses, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the several Surplusses, Excciles, or Overplus Moneys of the said Duties, Revenues and Incomes are now applicable.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fr.id twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, the said reduced Annuities of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall and may be redeemed by Parliament, upon giving tile same Notices, and making the same Payments of Principal Money at a Time to such Persons or Corporations as now are, or hereafter shall be, entitled to the said Annuities, and of all Arrearages of the fr.id Annuities, as are directed to be given and made by the several and respective Acts, by which the said several Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, were made payable, and from and after Payment of any such Principal Money, to the said Persons or Corporations, as are or litall be in itled to the same, a proportional

Treasury to defray the Charges.

and the Surphi as before.

Choose of re deaipt on,

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

219

C 2 — 6.

portions! Part of the said annuities shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; anything in this or any former Act or acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty. EXP. At 3 s. in the Pound.

CAP. III.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and fifty.

EXP.

CAP. IV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. V.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of ashton under Line, and Parish of Mottram Longendale, and from thence to Salters Brook in the County Palatine of Chester.

PR.

The AH 5 Geo. 2. c. 10. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. VI.

An Act for repairing, improving and maintaining the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening, and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Plavcn; and also for preserving Ships, wintering therein, from Accidents by Fire.

PR.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, entitled, An Geo. All to revive, continue, and amend an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, entitled, (An Act for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, main taining and improving the haven and Piers of great.yarmouth; and for depthening and making more 11a- vigable ibe several Rivers emptying themselves at the said Town; and also for preserving Ships, wintering in the said Haven, from Accidents by Fire) the several Duties, granted by the said Act made in the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, for the Purposes therein mentioned, were revived and made payable,

from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, for and during the

Term of two A ears, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the ft.id Duties, revived and made payable as aforesaid, have not been sufficient for the effectual Reparation

and Improvement of the said haven and Piers, which (notwithstanding very great Sums of Money have already been expended in and about the same) have of late been, and still continue in so bad a Condition,

that the same will, unless some further and more effectual Provision be made by Parliament for the Prefer vation thereof, in a firort Time fall into irreparable Decay, and the Harbour, so beneficial to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, become inaccessible: Therefore for preserving to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and of the adjacent Counties, the Benefit of the said Haven and Piers; and to the End ' that the said Haven, which is of so great Importance to the Trade of these Kingdoms in general, may

be cleared and depthened, 'and the said Piers repaired, extended, altered, improved and maintained; anil

that the Jettee on the North Side of the said Haven may be repaired and preserved, and Timber, and

other Materials for those Purposes, provided from time to time, as Occasion shall require; and that the

Channel of that Part of the River Yare called Braidon, leading from Great Yarmouth to the City of Nor

and so much of the River jvenfon, commonly called Yare, as lies between the New Mills in Nor ' which and Hardly Cross in Hardly, in the County of Norfolk, and also the River jvaveney, and also the Ri ' ver Bure, commonly called the North River (which said Rivers empty themselves into the said Haven)

may be depthened and made more navigable for Boats and Keels usually passing upon the same, and that the Bridge and publick Keys belonging to the said Town, may be repaired May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, (3c.

"From the zjth of March 1750, the Duties payable by the said Act shall cease; there shall be paid for "zi.years, and to the End of the next Session, by every Master of a Ship, which shall unlade within the Ha "or in Yarmouth Road, from the South Part of Scmtby, to the North Part of Carton, for every Chaldron of cols, Last of Wheat, or other Grain, and Weigh of Salt, and for every Tonne of other Goods "(Fish excepted) viz. for 7 Years, 1 6d. and for the Remainder of the zi Years, &c. 10d. or such "

"Sum, as the Commissioners hall order, not exceeding 12d. Collectors to pay over the Moneys "to the Chamberlain. Salary allowed them of 6 d in the Pound. Corporation to be answerable for all "Moneys received; and empowered to call the Collectors and Chamberlains to Account; and to levy the "same by Distress and Sale; and where no Distress can be had, to commit the Party. Twelve Commissioners

220

C

-9.

Anno vicesimo teuio Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

to be nominated annually; three by the Corporation of Yarmouth, three by the Corporation of "Norwich, three by the Justices of Norfolk, and three by the Justices of Suffolk. Proportion in which the "Duties are to be applied. 1 CL 2 q. towards cleaning the River Yare, C and the Expense of acommif "lion of Sewers. 2 q. towards cleansing the North River, ts'e. and the Expenses of a Commission of Sew "2 y. towards clearing the River jfaveny, and the Expenses of a Commission of Sewers, zq. towards repairing the Bridge, and public Keys. Other 3 d. in the following Proportions: 2q. towards clearing the River Bure; zd.zq. towards clearing the River Tare. The last mentioned 3 d. not to be raifsd "unless necessary, and Notice be given by the Commissioners to the Mayor. 4 d. to be applied for 7 Years "in clearing the Haven, C If the said Sum shall not be sufficient, the Commissioners empowered to or "a further Part of the Residue of the Duties to be applied towards clearing the Haven. Not to be ap "in erecting new Works, sv. 8 d. to be applied for 7 Years in extending the Haven, and erecting "new Works. Commissioners to appoint a Committee of 12 Inhabitants, who are to inspect the Works, C The Duty of 8 d. to cease upon Certificate of the Works being completed. Upon Determination "of the Duty of d. 4d. is to be applied towards clearing the Haven, C If 4d. shall not be found sufi "the Commissioners to direct a further Sum of 2 d. to be raised. If the Commissioners shall not au "the Accounts yearly, the Corpoution is' empowered to examine the same. No Ship to be cleared at "the custom house till Payment of the Duties. Fish Oil, V exempted from Payment of the Duties. "On re exportation of Goods, the Duties to be repaid. Penalty on throwing Ballast, C into the Ha "The Mayor to appoint'a Nightly Watch. Vessels wintering to pay 2 q. per Tonne, towards the "Watch. Penalty of 1 o r. on suffering I ire or lighted Candle in Ships wintering in the Haven. Watch "empowered to go on Board to extinguish Lights. No Vessel to be moored with her Side towards the Key "for longer than one Tide, C

CAP. VII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by two former Acts of Parliament for repairing, widening and amending the Roads from Wigan to Preston in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making the said Acts more effectual!

PR.

The Acts 13 Geo. ic. 10. and 20 Geo. 2. c. 8. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by two Acts of Parliament, for amending the Highways leading from Brampton Bridge to jvelford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and the great Foil Road from Morter Pitt Hill to Chain Bridge, leading into Market Harborough in the County of Leicester; and for explaining and making mom effectual the said Acts; and also for repairing the Roads leading from Morter Pitt Hill and Brampton Bridge to the Town of Northampton.

The Acts 8 Geo. 1. c. 13, and 12 Geo. 2. c. 33. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. IX.

For rfltcs An act for repealing the Duties now payable upon China Raw Silk, and for granting other concerningsut. Duties in lieu thereof.

CC jee 19 H. 7.

f. 13 & 14 Car. 2 C 13 15. 20 Car. 2. C 6. 2 W. m.fiat, 1 C 9. 5 6 Wr. £? M. C 20. 6 f 7 f 3. C 18, 8^9 fk 3. C 36.9£?

ao 3. C 30 d? 43. 5 Ann. C zo. 6 Ann. C 19, 8 Geo. 1. c. 15.9 Geo. 1. c. 8. 1 Geo. 2. c. 17.

WHEREAS the Duties now payable upon Raw Silk imported from China are a great Discourage

Vv ment to the Importation thereof: And whereas a conilant and plentiful Supply of that valuable

Commodity to be manufactured in this Kingdom will be a public Benefit, and greatly contribute to the e Increase and Improvement of the Silk Manufactures Therefore we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, being desirous to promote and encourage the Manufactures of this Kingdom, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, the feverat Rates, Duties, sirbfi dies and Impositions, now payable upon the Importation of Raw Silk of the Growth or Produce of China, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament now in Force, sir all ccafe, determine, and be no longer paid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, all Raw Silk imported from China into this Kingdom by the United Company of Merchant; of England trading to the East Indies, or by any Licence from the said Company, lull, in lieu of the said Rates, Duties, Subsidies and Impositions, by this Act repealed as aforesaid, be charged with and pay the same Rates, Duties, Subsidies and Impositions, as are now charged upon, and payable for, Raw Silk of the Growth or Produce of Italy, which said Rates, Duties, Subsidies and Impositions, by this Act granted, hall be paid by the said United East India Company, at the same Times, and in the same Manner, as the several Rates, Duties, Subsidies and Impositions, by this Act repealed, as aforesaid, have been paid.

III. And be further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates, Duties, subsidies.and Impositions, by this Act granted, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and applied, in such Manner, and for the same Purposes, as the said several Rates, Duties, Subsidies and Impositions by this Act repealed as aforesaid, are now respectively raised, levied, collected, paid and applied; and all the provisior.s of or in any Act or Law now in Force for raising, levying, collecting, paying and applying he Rates, Duties, sub fidics and Impositions hereby repealed, as aforesaid, shall be in full Force, and shall be put in Execution for

raising,

The present Duties payable cn Importation of Raw Silk from China to cease. Raw Silk from China to pay the lame Duties as Raw Silk of Italy.

The Manner of levying and Application of the Duties,

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

C 10.7 — 12

221

raising - collecting, paying and applying the Rates', Duties, Subsid res and Impofiiions, by, this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Provisions were particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act.' 1 1; .,

IV. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That all raw.silkbf the qrowtbraw silk from or Produce of China, imported after the twenty-four h Day of Jane, ill all, upon the Exportation there, of China, to be al from this Kingdom, be entitled to and receive the same Drawbacks and Allowances only, as are now by lowed <hefame Law directed to be paid upon the Exportation of Raw Silk of the Growth or Produce of fialy; any lw con^nhg suk

see farther 2 3 Geo. 2. c. 20.

26 Geot 2. C 2i9

or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

C A

X

An Act for enlarging the Tetm and Powers granted by an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, For repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham in the County, of Middlesex, through Fulham Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at ham'.ncrfinith in the said County. p. r. r

The Act Geo. 2. c. 34, continued for .21 Years.

CAP. XI.

An Act to render Prosecutions for Perjury and Subornation of Perjury, more easy and effectual.

) J. 1 11 1 ' J

WHEREAS by reason of Difficulties attending Prosecutions for Perjury and Subornation of Per For j j*jury, those heinous Crimes have frequently gone unpunished, whereby wicked and evil disposed, pc, f

Persons are daily more and more emboldened to commit the same, to the great Dishonour of God, and jury refer ta manifest Let and Hindrance of Justice For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's moil Excel 5 Etix. C 9. lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, 2 g'c<'2 c in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in every Information or in what ftail be diclment to be prosecuted against any Person for wilful and corrupt Perjury, it shall be sufficient to set forth sufficient in tn the Substance of the Offence charged upon the Defendant, and by what Court, or before whom the oathdament5of was taken (averring such Court, or Person or Persons, to have a competent Authority to administer the rerjuiy' same) together with the proper Averment or Averments to falsify the Matter or Matters wherein theperjury or Perjuries is or are assigned; setting forth the Bill, Answer, Information, Indictment, Declaration; or any Part of any Record or Proceeding either in Lay or Equity, other than as aforesaid; without setting forth the Commission or Authority of the Court, or Person or Persons before whom the Perjury was committed; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Information or Indictment for informations. Subornation of Perjury, or for corrupt bargaining or contracting with others to commit wilful and corrupt tec. lor Subm -- Perjury, it shall be sufficient to set forth the Substance of the Offence charged upon the Defendant, without fanon of per setting forth the.bill, Answer, Information, Indictment, Declaration, or any Part of any Record or Pro jluy' ceeding either in Law or Equity, and without setting forth the Commission or Authority of the Court, or Person or Persons before whom the Perjury was committed, or was, agreed or promised to be committed; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And tyre better to prevent great Offenders from escaping Punishment by reason of the Expense attending such Prosecutions; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may. be law Justices of af full to and for any of his Majesty's ju ftices of Assize, or Nisi Prius, or General Gaol Delivery, or of anyd«, &c.m»y of the Great Sessions of the Principality of Wales, or of the Counties Palatine; and they are hereby au dycft^profrcu thorized (fitting the Court, or within twenty-four hours after)' to direct any Person examined as a Witness

upon any Trial before him or them, to be prosecuted for the said Offence of Perjury, in case there shall ap mined before [pear to him or them a reasonable Cause for such Prosecution, and that it shall appear to him or them proper them, being lb to do; and to assign the Party injured, or other Person undertaking such Prosecution, Council, whp El, iltyof Pallial I and are hereby required to do their Duty without any Lee, Gratuity or Reward for the same: and ijvitaft: n though ievery such Prosecution', io directed as aforesaid, shall be canied on without Payment of any axe or Duty, p[°fec'u; or 1 ad without Payment of any Fees in Court, or to any Officer of the Court, who might otherwise claim or Council, demand the same: And the Clerk of Assize, or his Associate or Prothonotary, or other proper Officer of thp The Prosecution Court (who shall be attending when such Prosecution is directed) shall, and is hereby required, withoutto. lay Fee or Reward, to give the Party injured, 'or other Person undertaking such Prosecution, a Certificate The cjcrj^of of the same being directed, together with the Names of the Council affigried him by the Court; which t.ifl7c to t'c jive [Certificate shall in all Cases be deemed sufficient Proof of such Prosecution having been directed as afore the Prosecutor a 'aid, provided that no such Direction or Certificate shall be given in Evidence upon any Trial to be had Certificate. against any Person upon a Prosecution so directed as aforesaid.

---

CAP. XII.

An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called Lime; and for building a Quay or Wharf near the Town of Lancaster in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

PR.

'WHEREAS the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, from its great and extensive Commerce to the West Indies, and other foreign Parts, is now become a very considerable Port; and has for some Time past employed and maintained great Numbers of Ships, Mariners and Seamen,

222. C. 12. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II A.D. 1750.

---

to the great advancement of the revenue, and the improvement of the trade and navigation of this kingdom: and whereas the navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called Lune, is become very difficult and dangerous, and the only place near the said town where ships can be moored and discharged, is by reason of the shoals, and other obstructions in the soil of the said river, become very unfit and unsafe for that purpose: insomuch that many ships and vessels stationed there, have been overset and damaged, to the great loss of the owners and freighters thereof respectively: and whereas it is conceived to be highly necessary for the benefit and improvement of the said navigation, that a quay or wharf, with other conveniences, should be built and erected on the south west side of the said river, and that buoys should be placed at the entrance into the said river, and other parts thereof, and land marks erected, for guiding and directing ships and vessels to and from the said town; and that a place of safety should be made for the harbouring and protection of the shipping at or near the mouth of the said river; which would tend not only to the preservation and security of ships trading to and from the said town, but also of his Majesty's ships of war, and other vessels, that should put in there by stress of weather, or otherwise: and where as the reverend James Fenton doctor of laws, vicar of the Parish Church of Lancaster, and in the diocese of Chester, is in right of the said church seised of and in divers parcels of land and ground herein after-mentioned and described, which are very commodiously and conveniently situated for the purposes afore-mentioned; and the right reverend Samuel lord bishop of Chester, the ordinary, Edward Marton esquire, the patron or owner of the advowson of the vicarage of the said church, and the said James Fenton, the present incumbent thereof, have respectively consented and agreed, that the said pieces or parcels of ground shall be converted, applied, and disposed of, for the purposes herein after-mentioned; but under, and subject to the rents, reservations, provisions, and restrictions herein after expressed, provided, and declared:' Wherefore for the promoting, carrying on, and effecting a design so beneficial for the town of Lancaster, and so conducive to the increase of trade and Navigation, and the Good of the Publick; may it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, &c.

"Certain parcels of lands vested in trustees, for the purposes of this act. The vicar of the parish to be paid thereout an annual rent of 14l. 14s. by quarterly payments. The lands to be employed as a wharf, &c. Upon the death of any trustee, another to be chosen, &c. Conveyance of the premissies to be made to the new trustee. The trustees to separate the lands vested in them from the other parts of the vicarage lands by a stone wall, and to make a reservoir of water, &c. and in case of any overflow, to divert the waters into the Loyne, &c. Occupiers of the vicarage lands impowered to take and along the Summer-Pasture, and to drive their cattle to and from water. The ways to be appointed by the trustees, or on their neglect, by the vicar. The vicar to have the herbage until the division wall be built. No way, &c. to be made through the wall, without consent of the vicar. Commissioners appointed to execute this act to May, 1955. Upon the death of any commissioner another to be elected. Merchants, &c. to meet every third year, and nominate 16 inhabitants to be joint commissioners, who are impowered to build a quay, &c. and to let the same, and to erect piers at the mouth of the river, &c. Duties granted on vessels coming into or going out of the port for the term of 25 years. No vessel to pay inwards and outwards for the same voyage. One moiety of the duties only to cease after 11 years. No vessel to be cleared at the custom-house without a certificate of payment of the duties. Commissioners impowered to make by-laws, &c. and to contract for the works, and to borrow 2000l. on the duties. Collectors books of receipts and payments, to be produced at the quarter sessions. Commissioners to appoint collectors, and to allow them not exceeding 1s. in the pound. Commissioners to meet twice in the year, and audite all accounts, and may remove collectors, &c. Commissioners to appoint a person who shall order the mooring, &c. of ships. Twenty shillings penalty on throwing rubbish, &c. into the river. "

---

SCHEDULE of the Duties.

'FOR every Ship coming in or going out of the Port of Lancaster, and trading to or from any Place in Europe within the Streights; or in Africa, America, or Greenland, 1s. per Ton.

For every Ship trading to or from any Foreign Port in Europe, 8d. per Ton.

For every Ship trading to or from any Place in Great Britain South of Holly Head, or North of the Mull of Galloway, 6d. per Ton.

For every Ship trading to or from any Place in Ireland, or the Isle of Man, 4d. per Ton.

For every Ship trading to or from any place in Great Britain North of Holly Head, or South of the Mull of Galloway, 2d. per Ton.

And for every ship coming in Ballast into the River Loyne and not lading or unlading, for every Ton one fourth part of the duties.'

A.D. 1750. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. C. 13. 223

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the effectual punishing of Persons convicted of seducing Artificers in the Manufactures of Great Britain or Ireland, out of the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain; and to prevent the Exportation of Utensils made use of in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures from Great Britain or Ireland, into foreign Parts; and for the more easy and speedy Determination of Appeals, allowed in certain Cases, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to Persons employed in the several Manufactures therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First,

[5 Geo. 1. c. 27.]

---

intituled, An Act to prevent the Inconvenienceies arising from seducing Artificers in the Manufactures of Great Britain, into foreign Parts;

it is amongst other Things enacted That if any Person or Persons shall contract with, entice, endeavour to persuade or iolicit any Manufacturer or Artificer of or

in Wool, Iron, Steel, Brass or any other Metal, clock maker, watch maker or any other Artificer or Manufacturer of Great Britain, to go out of this Kingdom, into any foreign Country out of his Majesty's Dominions, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, in the Manner prescribed by the said Act,; the Person and Persons so convict shall be fined any Sum not exceeding one hundred Pounds for such firffc Offence, according to the Discretion of the Court, in which such convictionshall be, and hall he imprisoned for the Space of three Months, and until such Fine shall be paid; and if any Person or Persons'

been once convict as aforesaid, hall offend again, and be so convict a second Time of the like

Offence, then, and in such Case, the Person so convict a second Time, hall be fined at the Discretion of the Court, where such Convictionshall be, and shall be imprisoned for twelve Months, and until such Fine shall be paid: And whereas, notwithstanding the Penalties to which Offenders against the said Act

are thereby Objected, diverse wicked and evil disposed Persons have of late seduced into foreign Parts several Artificers in the Woollen and other Manufactures; it is therefore become necessary ro make some further and more effectual Provision, to deter such Persons from committing the said Offences, so deffruc tive to the Trade of this Kingdom Therefore for preventing the said pernicious Practises for the future, and for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual the said Act, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if at any Time after Persons convi^b the twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, any Person or Persons hall contracted of reducing with, entice, persuade or endeavour to persuade, solicitor seduceany Manufacturer, Workman or Artificer Artificers in the of or in Wool, Mohair, Cotton or Silk, or of or in any Manufactures made up of Wool, Mohair, Cot manufafwsof tonne or Silk, or any of the said Materials mixed one with another, or of or in Iron, Steel, Brass or any Pr', other Metal, or any clock maker, watch maker, or any other Manufacturer, Workman or Artificer of Dominions or in any other of the Manufactures of Great Britain ox Ireland, of what Nature or Kind soever, to go ofgieatbritain, out of this Kingdom, or out of the Kingdom of Ireland, into any foreign Country, not within the Domi;

of or belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, upon any i11 didtment or Information to be preferred or brought against him, her or them, in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Westminster, or by Indictment at the Assizes or General Gaol Delivery for the County, Riding or Division, wherein such Offence shall be committed (if such Offence shall be committed in that Part 01 Great Britain called England) or by Indictment in the Court of Justiciary, or any of the Circuit Courts in Scotland (if such Offence shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland) or by Indictment or Information in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Dublin (if such Offence shall be committed in Ireland) the Person or Persons 1b convicted, hall, for every Artificer, Workman or Manufacturer, 1b by him, her or them respectively contracted with, indeed, persuaded, solicited or seduced, severally forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; and hall also fufter Imprisonment in the (

Common Gaol of the County, Riding, Division, Shire or Stewartry, wherein such Offender or Offenders; shall be respectively convicted, for the Space of twelve Calendar Months without Bail or Mainprize, and prisonei for 12 until such Forfeiture shall be paid; and in case of a further Conviction, in manner before prescribed by this f13, pcc" d Act, for or upon a second or other subsequent Offence of the same Kind, the Person or Persons so again of offence to for sending shall, upon every second or other subsequent Conviction, severally forfeit for every Person so by fe;: iccou him, her or them respectively contracted with, enticed, persuaded, solicited or seduced, the Sum of one thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; and shall also suffer Imprisonment in the Common an(j to ^; ra. Gaol of the Country, Riding, Division, Shire or Stewartry, wherein such Offender or Offenders shall be prisoncj for 2 respectively convicted, for the Space of two Years, without Bail or Mainprize, and until such Forfeiture Tears, shall be paid; anything in the said in part recited Act of the fifth Year of his said late majesty's Reign to the contrary notwithstanding.

11. Provided nevertheless, That no Person shall be prosecuted for any of the Offences aforesaid, unless Profecmion to such Prosecution shall be commenced within the Space of twelve Calendar Months next after such Offence be commenced shall be committed.

Months'/

CIII. And whereas the Exportation of the several ools or Utensils nude use of in preparing, working up and finishing the Woollen and Silk Manufactures, or any or either of them, will enable Foreigners to work up such Manufactures, and thereby greatly diminish the Exportation of the same from this Kingdom Therefore, for preserving as much as possible to his mnjeffy's British Subjects, the Benefits arising Perrnn, ekport. from those great and valuable Branch s of Trade and Commerce; Ee it further enacted by the Authority; nguuniils of aforesaid, That from and after the said tvvi nty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, if the Woollen any Person or Persons in Great Britain or Ireland shall, upon any Pretence yrhatsoever, load or put on nd silk Mjnu'

'Board, fi, aulc

and to be iin

2 24

A.D. 1750.

flull forfeit the Tools and zoo 1.

Officers of the _ Cu {borns' im powered to seize Tools found on Board Ships bound to foreign Parts j

to be sold after Condemnation.

Captains of vessels permitting such Utensils to be put on Board, to forfeit 1001.

Captains of his majesty's Ships to forfeit it o 1. and to be cashiered.

Officer of the custom honfe, signing Cockets, See, for the exporting such Tools,

to forfeit 100l. and his Employment.

One Moiety to the King, the other to the Prosecutor.

Limitation of Actions.

General Xffiie.

[Treble Costs.]

a Geo. a, c. 27. s0, 3-

o. i 3. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

Board, or cause to be loaden or put on Board of any Ship, Vessel or Boat which shall not be bound directly to tome Port or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, or to some other of the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain, tiny such Tools or Ujervfils as are commonly used in, or are proper for the preparing, working up, or finishing of the Woollen or Silk Manufactures, or any or either of them, or any Parts or Parcels of such Tools or Utensils, by what Name or Names such Tools or Utensils shall or may be called or known, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, not only forfeit and lose all such Tools and Utensils, or Parts or Parcels thereof, which shall be so loaden or put on Board as aforesaid, but also the Sum of two hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or infojfmation, "in'any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of session in Scotland, drhvitny of the four Courts ex dublin respectively, 'wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or wa grof l^jw'shall bp allowed, or more than one Imparlance.

IV.And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of, Jitne one thousand seven hundred and fifty, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer of his Majesty's Customs in Great Britain, and for any Officer of the Revenue in Ireland, to seize and secure in some or one of his Majesty's Warehouses, all such Tools or Utensils by this Act prohibited to be exported, as such Officer shall find or discover to be laid or put on Board of any Ship, Vessel or Boat, which shall not b/cijbound jliredlly to some Port or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, or to some other of the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain, 'n that every Officer who shall seize and secure any of the said Tools or Utensils,; 1 be fully and absolutely indemnified for so doing; and all Tools or Utensils so seized and secured as aforesaid, shall, after condemnation thereof, in due Course of Law, be publicly sold to the bell Bidder, aiyl o.iie moiety of the Produce arising by the 'sale of such Tools and Utensils, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Officer who shall seize and secure the same as aforesaid'.

V. And, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thu from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, if the Captain or Master of any Ship, vessel or Boat, in Great Britain or Ireland, shall knowingly permit any of the said Tools or Utensils by this Act prohibited to be exported as aforesaid, to be put on Board his said Ship, Vessel or Boat, every such Captain or Maftef shall - every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be sued for and, recovered in the same Manner as the Penalties by this Act infiicled upon Persons exporting the said Tools or Utensils are to be sued for and recovered; and if the said Ship, Vessel or Boat belongs to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, then the Captain or Mailer thereof shall not only forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be sued for and recovered as aforesaid, but Aral! also forfeit his Employment, and be incapable of any Office or employment under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, 'j

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Customer, Comptroller, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter or other Officer of the Customs in Great Britain, or any Officer of the Revenue in Ireland, shall take, or knowingly or willingly suffer to be taken, any Entry outward, or shall sign any Cocket, Warrant or Sufferance for the shipping or exporting of any of the said Tools or Utensils by this Act prohibited to be exported, or shall knowingly or willingly permit or suffer the lame to be done, directly or in directly, contrary to the true, Intept and Meaning of this Act; every such Customer, Comptroller, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter or other Officer of the Customs in Great Britain, or Officer of the Revenue in Ireland so offending, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be (sued for and recovered as aforesaid; and shall also forfeit his Office, and be incapable of any Office or Employment under his Majesty, Heirs or Successors.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of the respective Forfeitures by this Act inflicted upon Offenders against the same, shall, when recovered, go and be applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall sue and prosecute for theffyne respectively.

[Treble Costs.]

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be commenced against any Person for what'.he shall do in pursuance of this Act, such Action shall be commenced within six months after the Fact committed; and the Person lb sued may file common Bail, or enter a common Appearance, and.plead the General Blue, Not Guilty, and may give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonniit, or suffer Discontinuanfe. rr if a Vetjdidl pass against him, 'or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement be given against him, the Defendant fh.nl recover

IX. And whereas by an Act made In tiff last Session of Parliament (entitled, An Act for the mere rr

employed in the said mnnitfasurcs; pe for the better Payment of their u/ages) it ts, amongil other Thing enacted, That if any Person cot)vidled of buying, receiving or taking to pawn any of the Materials in the said Act mentioned, shall think himself or flleiself aggrieved by the Judgement of the Justice or Inflicts before whom he or file shall have been convicted, such Person shall have Lihetty to appeal to the Julhers £ at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town cr Place where such Judgement shall have been given; which Justices, in the said General or Quarter sessions, are to hear and finally determine the Matter of the said Appeal: But whenas great Delays and Inconveniences have arisen and may arise in the hearing and determining of such Appeals, inasmuch as no Provision is made by the said Act in relation to the Form and Manner in which such convictions shall be drawn up; Therefore, for preventing such Delays and inconveniencies for the future, b. c. it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the Justice or Justices of the Peace before

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

C 14. 225

whom any Person shall be convicted, in Manner prescribed by the said Act, of buying, receiving or taking A formofcon. to pawn any of the Materials or Wares therein mentioned, shall cause such Conviction to be drawn up in vision only the Form and Words following; (that is to say) recited Act.

Middlesex, BE it remembered, That on the Day of in the

To wit. ' O Year of his Majesty's . Reign A.B. was convicted before me [or us] of his

majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of [or for the

Riding [or Division] of the said County of ] or for the City, Liberty or

Town of in the said County of...' (as the Case shall be) of

buying, receiving or taking to pawn (as the Case shall happen to be) (speafying

the Materials or Wares so bought, received or taken to pawn) the Property of C D. of in the County of and by him [or her] delivered to to be manufactured

C Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.'

Which said Form and Conviction shall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majesty's Court of Not liable to be King's Bench, and the said Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall cause the fn]0'!e<j ccr same, drawn up in the Form aforesaid, to be fairly written upon Parchment, and transmitted to the next tioari' General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Hand transmitted berty, wherein such Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General or to ihesession3. Quarter Sessions: And in case the Person or Persons so convicted shall appeal from the Judgement of the said just; ces to hear Justice or Justices to the said General or Quarter Sessions, the Justices in such General or Quarter Sessions Appeals, are hereby required, upon receiving the said Conviction drawn up in the Form aforesaid, to proceed to the Hearing and Determination of the Matter of the said Appeal, according to the Directions of the said Act; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for assigning a Place proper for holding the Market in the City of Westminster, in lieu of the ancient Market Place called the Round jvoolstaple; and for regulating the said Market.

WHEREAS the Market for the City of Westminster hath, from ancient Times, been held frorri or under the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster, by their Lessee of the Office of Keeper and Sweeper of the said Market, in a Place called the Round jvoolstaple, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in the said City of Westminster \ which Market Place hath been lately purchased by the Commissioners constituted and appointed by diverse Statutes for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the jvoolstaple, or thereabouts, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, Westminster, to the o^pofite Shore in the County of Surry, for the Sum of eight hundred and forty Pounds; and the said Ground hath been converted by the said Commissioners to the public Use of widening the Streets leading to and from the said Bridge, according to the Directions of the said Statutes: And whereas it is necessary for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said City of Westminster, that the said Market should be held in some other Convenient Place; and the most convenient Place for that Purpose is within the Bounds and Limits hereafter described; that is to say, between the Place called the Broad Sanctuary, in the Parish of Saint Margaret in the said. City of Westminster, and Bow Street in the said Parish: 4 whereas the Ground and Soil within the said Limits, or the greatest Part thereof, is the Freehold of the said Dean and Chapter, and by them leased out for Terms of Years to their Tenants; and that the said Dean and Chapter would be willing and deftrous, for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said City, that the said Sum of eight hundred and forty Pounds should be applied in buying in such Leases or Terms of Years as are outstanding, and in purchasing such other Estates as might be necessary for holding the said Market within the said Limits, in case such Application of the said Money was not restrained by the said Acts of Parliament made for the building the said Bridge, whereby the said Money is directed to be laid out in the Purchase of Estates in Fee Simple: And whereas other Difficulties may arise in the Purchase of such Ground as may be necessary for holding the said Market, within the Limits aforesaid, by reason of legal Disabilities which the Owners or Occupiers of such Ground may be under to dispose of the same to the said Dean and Chapter, for the Purposes aforesaid; Difficulties cannot be removed but by Authority of parliament be it therefore enacted, C

The Commissioners may extend the Limits of the new Market within the open Space of the Broad Sanctuary, so far as a Line from the Gateway of Green s Alley, to the Front of the House on the East of the Way from tile Broad Sanctuary into the Little Sanctuary, will admit. The Commissioners are to set.out the Ground; and the Dean and Chapter to purchase the same; and to have the Right of holding the Market, and the Rents and Profits thereof. No Provisions to be sold within 100 Feet of, the Bounds of the Market, without Licence, under Penalty of 5l. Justices may mitigate the Penalties. Persons ag- grieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions. Proceedings not to be removed by Certiorari. If any Person refuse to treat, the Commissioners are to issue out a Warrant to the High Bailiff to return a Jury, to view the Places in Question, and to assess upon Oath the Recompense. Commissioners to give Judgement there "20 Days Notice to be given to the Parties interested, before such Assessment. The Verdicts, tfle. to Voj. VII G g 44 be

2 26

The Sum of j, oooo, cool.

granted to his Majesty.

The Annuities payable in re lpe£t thereof, to be charged on the Sinking Tu ad.

Natives or Foreigners may contribute to the said Sum of i.oooo, cco I.

for the Purchase of Annuities.

C 15, 16. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

C be entered in the register's Office of the County of Middlesex, kdc. Upon Payment or Tender of the "Purchase money, the Dean and Chapter may enter on the Premises, and convert the same into a Market. 'c noleafes to be for less than the Rents heretofore paid for the Market in the Round tfooljiaple, bfc."

CAP. XV.

An Act for taking down several Buildings, and enlarging the Streets and Market Places in the City of Gloucester.

PR.

WHEREAS the Trade and Inhabitants of the City of g/ouce/lerhzve of late Years greatly increased: And whereas in the four chief Streets of the said City commonly called Eastgate Street, ifeft gate

Street, Northgate Street and Southgate Street, and where the Markets are usually kept, there are re several old Houses or Tenements, Stalls and Buildings, some of which land in the Middle of the said Streets, ' and the ref: of them jet out, project, and are extending irregularly beyond the Range or Sides of the said Streets, towards the Middle thereof respectively; the Area of, or Places used for the Markets of the said Town are greatly straightened and confined, and the passage of Carriages, Korfes, Cattle and Pe: - fons, in and through the same, is very much obf rudled, and rendered difficult and dangerous: And whereas by taking down the several Houses or Tenements, Stalls and Buildings aforesaid, the said Streets will be greatly opened, and rendered much more commodious for the passage of Carriages and Foot Passengers, and for the holding and keeping the Fairs and Markets, and carrying on the Trade and bufir.efs of the said City; and the Owners of such Houses or Tenements, Stalls and Buildings, or the greatest Part of them, 'are willing to sell and dispose of the same, in order that they may be taken down for the Purposes aforesaid: But as several of the said Houses or Tenements, Stalls and Buildings, and the Site and Soil of the same respectively, belong to, and are the Estates and Property of Ecclesiastical and aether incorporated Bodies, Femes Covert, Infants and others, who by Law are disabled.to make an absolute Sale and Con

thereof in fee simple, the same cannot be applied and disposed of for the Purposes aforesaid without the Aid and Authority of parliament may it therefore please your Majesty, Thar it may be enacted, C "

"empowered to contrail for the Purchase of such Houses and Grounds as are described in "the Schedule. Persons interested, empowered to make Sale thereof. If any refuse to treat, or if the same "be the Property of Infants not having Guardians, the Commissioners are to blue Warrants to the Sheriff, "to return a Jury, who shall inquire upon Oath into the Damages and Recompense, and their Verdicts to "be binding to all Parties. 3 Days Notice to be given of the Commissioners and jury's Meeting. The Pur "of the Estates of Infants and Femes Covert, V to be paid to the Mayor and Burgesses of "Gloucester. Upon Payment or Tender of the purchase money, the Commissioners may cause the Buildings to be taken down, and the Ground to be used as a Highway. The furchafe money of the Estates of "Infants and Femes Covert, to be laid out in other Purchases to the same Uies; and till Purchases can be "made, the Money is to be put out to Interest, Cfc.

CAP. XVI.

An act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of one million, to be raised by Annuities at three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and charged on the Sinking Fund, transferable at the Bank of erg and.

Most Gracious Sovereign.

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty, in the easiest: Manner we are able for the Benefit of your Subjects, have freely and voluntarily given and granted, and by this Act do give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of one million, to be raised in such Manner and Form as is herein after directed; and to that End do most: humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may he enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That tyre Annuities which by this Act shall be granted r.nd made payable in respect of the said principal Sum ofone million, until Redemption thereofby Parliament, in Manner herein after mentioned, shall, from and after the Fcall Day of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty, be charged and chargeab e upon, and payable out of the Moneys which, from and after the said Feast Day, shall, from time to time, arise and be remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of or for the Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys of the Fund, commonly called the Sinking Fund, and the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys are hereby appropriated for that Purpose accordingly.

II. Ami for or towards raising the said Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of one million, for the Purposes aforesaid, Be it further enacted by the Authorit aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute, advance and pay to the First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Gov ernor and Company of the Bank of England for the time being, at or before the respective Days and Times by this Act limited in that Behalf, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the said Sum of one million; for the Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities, to commence from the Lid Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and to be paid and payable to such Contributor or Contributors, or such as he, she or they shall nominate, his, her or their Executors. Administrators.

A.

1750.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georsh II

C

16*

227

iiul uinciwuc. nuu uic iuiu or V amiers or u

is hereby authorised and required, upon the advan Contributors Money, as aforesaid, forthwith to give a Receipt in rc' C p s

nistrators, Successors or Assigns respectively, until the same shall be redeemed according to the Tenor or true Meaning of the Proviso or Condition herein after mentioned in that Behalf; so as such Cashier or chillier f the call tiers do sir ft give Security to the good Liking of any three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's b mk io£ire Treasury now being, or of the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, for Security, duly answering and paying into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for the public Use, the Money so to be advanced or contributed, and to account duly for the same; which Annuities before mentioned Annuities to shall be computed at the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum for every one hundred Pounds, and be it 3 I. per proportionally for any greater Sum so to be advanced or paid; and the purchase money for every such Annuity, <"ent>at the Rate aforesaid, is hereby appointed to be paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers, as aforesaid, at or before the respective Days or Times herein after limited; that is to say, ten Pounds per Centum, Part Times of pjv_ thereof, on or before the twentyeth Day of April, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand mer.tofuieoon. seven hundred and fifty; fifteen Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twentieth Day of motion Mo 'june then next ensuing; Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the eighteenth Day of August then next ensuing; twenty-five Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the eighteenth Day of October then next ensuing; and the remaining twenty-five Pounds per Centum, on or before the eighteenth D. y of December then next following; All which Annuities so to be purchased, shall not exceed Annuities not <0 in the Whole the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds per Annum, and shall commence from the Feast Day of'^co0'0.0?1' the Annunciation of the Blefied Virgin Mary, which shall he in the Year of our our Lord one thousand 2. seven hundred and fifty, and shall be paid and payable in the Manner, and at the respective Feast Days and ro be paid 7 herein after mentioned; that is to say, The first Payment thereupon shall be made for the three Quarters of Half, yearn, a Year, which will be due thereupon, computed from the Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty, to the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ then next ensuing, and the subsequent Payments half yearly, at the Feasts of the Nativity of Saint John the bap tif, and the Birth of our Lord Christ, or within six Days after every of the said Feast Days; and that the tuft of the said half yearly Payments shall be paid at the Feast of Saint John the Baptist which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, or within six Days after the said Feast Day; nevertheless the said Annuities shall be redeemable according to the Purport and true Meaning of a Proviso or Condition herein after contained in that Behalf, and not otherwise: the said Cashier or Cashiers of Cashier to CIV the said Governor and Company for the time being, cing and paying to him or them any Sum or Sums of '

Writing, signed by himself or themselves, for each Payment, to the Contributor or Payer thereof; which which ni. ll b. c. Receipts shall be assignable by Endorsement thereupon made, at any Time before the eighteenth Day of assignab'e; " December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and no longer: And the said Cashier or Cashiers shall, from and to pay the time to time, pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer all the Moneys which he or they shall re Moneys into the ceive of or for the said Sum, not exceeding one million, as fall as he or they final! receive the same, or any exclis<luer part thereof, or within five Days at the fariheft; and to account for all the Moneys so to be advanced and paid to him or them in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof.

III. And it is hereby enacted, That in the Office of the Accomptant General of the Governor and Com conti itutrrs pany of the Bank of England for the time being, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in Names to be which there shall be fairly entered the Names of all who shall be Contributors for such Annuities after the entered in 3 Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, as aforesaid, and of all Persons by whose Hands the said Con ook' t1, 1]llie tributors shall pay in any of the said Sums upon this Act, and also the Sum so paid; to which Book or urosp', ' 1 Books, it shall be lawful for the said respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors

and Assigns, from time to time, to have resort at all seasonable Times, and to inspect the same without Fee which may be or Charge; and the said Accomptant General for the time being, shall, on or before the twenty-fifth Day inspected gratis, of March which shall be in the Year of pur Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, transmit an at Duplicate to be tested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper of the said Book or Books, into the Office of the Auditor of the transmitted to Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for ever. 1 the Exchequer.

IV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Contributor and Contribu Contributors

tors upon this Act, duly paying the Consideration or purchase money at the Rate aforesaid, at or before the pajing the re r respective Days or Times in this Act before limited in that Behalf, for such Annuity or Annuities as afore chase money io said, or such as he, she or they shall appoint, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators, Sue fei, t, t!.eii to the j ceflors or Assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Act, to have, receive Annultic; > and enjoy the respective Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased out of the Moneys by this Act appro propriated or appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, and shall have good and sure Estates and Interests therein for ever, subject only to the Proviso or Condition of Redemption, in this Act afterwards contained, i concerning the same; and that all the said Annuities to be purchased on this Act, and the Principal Mo

; paid for the same, and every of them, during the Continuance thereof, shall he free from all Taxes, frcc o j 'axes. i Charges and Impositions whatsoever.

V. Provided always, That in case any Contributor or Contributors, for the Purchase of any of the said Accomptantue! Annuities, shall after Payment of ten Pounds per Centum, in Part of his, her or their purchalv money, de neral so givccre

fire that the subsequent Payments, to be made by him, her or them, at the respective Times limited in that Behalf, may immediately be made Stock in the Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, in the Office of WY Sl, m3 ' the said Accomptant General, and that the Principal Money, and the Annuity attending the same, beim p.s.; j, mediately transferrable (except the ten Pounds per Centurn, which is to remain as a Deposit till Payment of the whole Sum by him, her or them subscribed for, is fully completed) it shall be lawful for the said Accomptant General, and he is hereby required upon such Request made by any such Contributor or Contributors, to give Credit in the said Book or Books, for each respective Principal Sum, by him, her or them subscribed and paid as aforesaid; thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

228 C 16.

A.D. 1750.

Eank to employ

VI. And for the more easy and sure Payment of the said Annuities to be purchased as aforesaid, according and a^onf1'" to t*ls true Meaning f this present Act; it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said go <3enera)°fcrtant vernor ard Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall, from time to time, until the said Payment of the Annuities shall be redeemed by Parliament according to this Act, appoint and employ one fufneient Person Annuities j within their Office in the City of London, to be their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, and one other sufficient Person within the same Office, to be their Accomptant General; and that so much of the Moneys of the said Surpluses, exceltes or Overplus Moneys of the Fund, commonly called the Sinking Fund, which shall or ought to be, from time to time, separated and set apart in the said Receipt of Exchequer, for answering the said Annuities to be purchased upon this Act, after the said Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall by Order of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or of the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors for the time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that be and the Moneys half, he, from time to time, half yearly as aforesaid, ifl ued and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to to be paid to the said First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and themhalf yeatiy Of their successors for the time being, by way of Impressed, and upon Account of the Payment of the said byway of im^Annuities so purchased upon this Act, at such Times, and in such Manner and Form, as are by this Act preftj prescribed in that Behalf; and that all and every Cashier and Cashiers, to whom the said Moneys shall, from time to time be issued, shall from time to time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his Accounts thereof, according to the due Course of the Exchequer; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

accomptantge

VII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accomptant General for the time being shall, from jiqfui to inspect time to time, inspect and examine all the Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the j t^a(^epar vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay; and that all and every mems*" ay" Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall be entitled tp any of the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Annuities to be Pounds per Centum per Annum, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof, as of aferioiul Estate. a Personal Estate, and the same shall not be descendable to the Heir, and shall not be liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Custom of London, or otherwise; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to be advanced or contributed upon this Act, for or towards the said Sum not exceeding one million, shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be one Capital or Joint Stock, on which the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be attending; and that all and every Person and Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money, which he, she or they shall be entitled to, as aforesaid, shall have, and be deemed to have a proportional Interestand Share in the said Stock, and in the Annuity attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid; and that the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferrable as this Act directs, and not otherwise; that there shall constantly be kept at all seasonable Times in the Office of the said Accomptant General for the time being, within the City of Lotidon, a Book or Books wherein all af signments or Transfers of the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Method of trans Annuity attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered; Entries shall be iwnng, conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Alignments or

Transfers, or if such Party be absent, by his, her or their Attorney or Attorneys, thereunto lawfully authorised by Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses; and that the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer shall be made, do underwrite his, her or their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of aligning or transferring the said Stock, and the Annuities attending the same, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good and available in Law; and that without Stamps, no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers, or any of them; any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

No Annuities to

IX. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall or may purchase w.°«!nedi "* or °^ta'n' or admitted to purchase or obtain, any of the Annuities at the Rate aforesaid, upon this Act, ceiyc.°be paid unle/s the Whole, or ten Pounds per Centum, Part at leaf! of the Confederation Money for the same, at such

before zo Airil Rate as aforesaid, be advanced and paid to the said Cashier, on or before the twentieth of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty.

X Provided also, That in case any such Contributor as aforesaid, who shall, on or before the said twentieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty, have advanced to the said Cashier or Cashiers, ten Pounds per Centum, in Part of his, her or their Purchase Money, or his, her or their Executors, administrators, successors or Assigns, do not advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers, fifteen Pounds per Centum, in further Part of his, her or their Consideration Money, so to be paid for such respective Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, on or before the twentieth Day of jttne then next ensuing; and twenty-five Pounds per Centum, in further Part thereof, on or before the eighteenth Day of August then next ensuing; and twenty-five Pounds per Centum, in further Part thereof, on or before the eighteenth Day of October, then next ensuing; and the remaining twenty-five Pounds per Centum, on or before the eighteenth Day of December then next following; then, and in every such Case respectively, so much of the Consideration Money as shall have been actually paid for the first Payment to the said Cashier or Cashiers for such respective Annuity, shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public, and no Interest, at the Rate aforesaid, shall be payable for the said first Payment; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their successors (notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of them) shall continue a Corporation,

'The Moneys contributed to be deemed a Joint Stuck,

which may be transferred.

l'evlons not paying the whole Purchase Money at thctimes limited.

to forfeit their firtl Payment,

The Rank to continue a Corporation till the Annuities are redeemed.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

229

C 17, 18.

poration, with all the Powers, Privileges and Advantages thereunto belonging, for the Purposes in this al expressed, till all the Annuities to be purchased on this Act, hall be redeemed by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein contained in that Behalf; and that the said Governor and Company, or any Members thereof, shall not incur any Disability, for or by reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no See or Gratuity whatsoever shall or No See to be may be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects for receiving or paying the said Contribution taken, C Moneys, or any of them, or for any Tallies, or other Receipts concerning the same, or for issuing the said yearly Fund, or any Part thereof, or for paying the said Annuities, or any of them; and that no See 01 gratuity shall he demanded or taken for any Transfer of any Sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Act; upon Pain that the Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any Fee or Gratuity upon Penalty of contrary to this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered with Full 2o1 costs of Suit, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three Treasury to dc or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Trea fray Charges, fury for the time being, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised to reward all such Persons as shall be any ways employed in the Execution of this Act, for their Service, Pains and Labour, and also to defray such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the same, out of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys; and also to appoint such Allowances (out of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys) for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving, paying and accounting for the said Annuities made payable by this Act; and also for the Service, Pains and Trouble of the Accomptant General of the said Governor and Company for performing the Duty and Trull incumbent on him by this Act, as they shall think just and reasonable: which Allowances hereby empowered to be made, as aforesaid, in respect of the Service, Pains and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be for the Ule and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time, upon one clause of re year's Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by Au demption. thority of Parliament, at any of the half yearly Feast Days for Payment of the said Annuities, and upon Repayment by Parliament of the Principal Sum of one million, by Payments not being less than five hundred thousand Pounds at a Time for which the said Annuities shall be payable to such respective Persons or Corporations as shall be entitled to the same Annuities; and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the same Annuities; then, and not till then, the said Annuities shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and from and after such Redemption, the Moneys arising by the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys of the Fund, commonly called the Sinking Fund, shall not be issued or applied to any Use or Purpose, other than such Uses and Purposes as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: And that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, signified by the Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London, as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Dunglas Bridge to the Town of Haddingtown; and from thence to Ravenshaughburn in the County of Haddingtown.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years, V

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages and Courts; and for the better regulating the Nightly Watch within the Parish of Saint John Southwark in the County of Surry.

PR.

WHEREAS the Parish of Saint John in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surry, is situate between London Bridge and his Majesty's Dock Yard and Victualling Office at Deptford, and also the East India Warehouse at Rotherhithe: And whereas by virtue of an Act made and passed in the last Session of Parliament, (entitled, An Act for opening and making a new Road from the East End at new street in the Parish of Saint John Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future) a new Road is now opened through the Parishes of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Saint Maty Rotherhithe, and Saint Nicholas and Saint Paul Deptford, for the better Conveni ence of his Majesty's Subjects in passing and repairing to and from London Bridge, and the Places before mentioned: And whereas the Access to such new Road, through the said Parish of Saint John, is now very dangerous in the nighttime, for want of proper Lights, and a well regulated Watch: And whereas ' a proper Provision for that Purpose would not only be a great Security to the Persons and Properties of all his Majesty's Subjects, passing and repassing to and from Deptford Dock and the other Places aforesaid, in the nighttime; also would be a great Safeguard again! Fires that might destroy great Quantities of Naval Stores always reposited in Warehouses on the Banks of the River tioamcs in those Parts; and would be of the utmost Use in case of Accidents by Fire among! the Shipping in the River Thames; in both

19.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1: 750.

13 Geo. 2. c. 3c

which Cases great Numbers of the most experienced Artificers and Tradesincn, rcfiuing in those Parts, ' could be more capable of affording their Assistance when required, upon Emergencies in the nighttime; ' as a proper Provision cannot be made for setting up proper Lights, and establishing a well regulated Watch, for the good Purposes aforesaid, by the Laws now in Being; 'May it please your Majesty, at the humble Requeift of several Merchants and Traders of the City of London, and Masters and Owners of Ships, and also of the Minister, Churchwardens, and other principal Inhabitants of the said pa nfn of Saint John Southwark, that it. may be enacted, CI

it C C <( CC

The Vestry to appoint the Number and Sort of Lamps; and a Number of Watchmen, and a Bedel; and their several Duties and Wages, and make Regulations for enlightening the Streets, and elect a Committee. The Constables, Bedels and Watchmens Times of Duty; and Power of apprehending night walkers, and other suspected Persons. Vestry empowered to make a Pound Rate on the Inhabitants; to be confirmed by two Justices, and collected half yearly. Collectors refuting to act, to forfeit 10 /. and others to be appointed, C The Parish Church, and other public Buildings, and Persons, to be "rated. Assessments not to exceed tod. in the Pound. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter "Sessions. Persons paying to these Rates, C not to gain any Settlement thereby. Vestry may borrow "Money upon the Credit of the Rates; not exceeding 200l. Forty Shillings Penalty of breaking or ex "Lamps, (fc. The Lamps vested in the Churchwardens, C Two Justices to hear and de "Differences. Justices may mitigate the Penalties to one Moiety.'

CAP. XIX.

An act for making more effectual several acts of Parliament passed for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the Hithe at Colchester to Wivenhoe in the County of Essex; and for repairing and cleansing the Streets and Lanes of the Town of Colchester.

PR.

WHEREAS by an act of Parliament passed in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the Hither Colchester to Wivenhoe, several Duties were granted and made payable, for Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, that should be brought in and to the said Channel, and should be landed at, or shipped from Wivenhoe or the New Hitherto Colchester aforesaid, or between either of the said Places, for the Term of twenty-one Years, for the Uses and Purposes in the said act mentioned; and several Powers were thereby given unto and vested in the Mayor, Aldermen, Assistants and Common Council of the Town and Borough of Colchester only, for appointing Collectors and General Receivers of the said Duties, and for recovering and getting in the same, in such Manner as in the said act is particularly mentioned; which said act, and all the Powers and Authorities thereby given, and one Moiety or half part of the Duties thereby granted and made payable (except upon Corn and Grain) were, by another act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, continued in Force un till the First Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty; and further Power was thereby given to the said Mayor and Commonalty of Colchester only, for recovering the same Duties; And whereas by ano there act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further enlarging the Term granted by an Act passed the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, For cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the Hiibe at Colchester to tpivenboe; and for making the said Act, and, another Alt of the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For enlarging the Term granted by the said act of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, more effectual; it is enacted, That the said two former acts, and all and every the Powers and Authorities thereby respectively given, together with such additional Powers, as are in the said act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty mentioned, should be continued, and be in Force from the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty, for ever; and that the Duty on Sea Coal should, from and after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty, he three Pence a Chaldron, and no more; which Duty was, by the said Act of the thirteenth of his present Majesty, continued and made payable, from the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty,

for and during the Term of forty Years; 'ailed by the said act it was declared, That no other Duty (e

cept the Arrears due under the said former acts, or either of them) should be raised upon any other Good.,

Wares, Merchandizes or things.whatsoever; which said Duty of threepence for every Chaldron of Sea 4 'Coals, granted as aforesaid, aifd the Duties which were or should be in Arrear under the said former acts,

'should and might be raised, levied and recovered, in such Manner as prescribed by the said former Acts;

and the said Mayor and Commonalty of Colchester only were by the raft mentioned Act vested with further Power for filing for, and recovering the said Duty thereby granted, and the Arrears under the said former acts; And whereas a very large Lock, which was several Years since erected in the said Channel, and h..s 4 betn found to be of very great Urc and Service to the Navigation, is now in a decaying Condition, and much out of Repair; and the said Channel, in Come Parts thereof, is become much choked up, so that the Navigation thereof is greatly obstructed; has been occasioned principally by there being great Arrears of the Duties granted by the said recited acts for many Years due, and still unpaid; and also a ' large Sum of Money remaining in the Hands of the Representatives of the late receiver-general of the of the said Duties, which ought to have been recovered, and applied for amending and repairing the said Lock, and cleansing and supporting the Navigation of the said Channel: But, as the Power and Authority of the Mayor and Commonalty of Colchester hath ceased for many. Years I aft past (in whose Nanus only the said Duties were to be recovered, and legal Discharges given for the same, by and under the Au i thorities of the said several acts) the same Duties, and the Arrears thereof, cannot now be recovered and collected,

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

C 20.

231

collected, for want of sufficient Power to give legal Discharges for the same; and there being no other Fund for raising Money to amend and keep in Repair the said Lock, and cleanse the said Channel, and preserve the Navigation thereof, the same cannot now be done, without some further Provision be made for that Purpose by the Aid and Authority of parliament may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, tfc.

tc The several Parcels of Land, Locks and Channels, and the several Powers, &c. which were granted to £< the Corporation of Colchester, care vested in the Justices of the eastdivision of the County of Essex, " and the Commissioners named herein, for the Term of 30 Years. Additional Duty of 3 d. a Chaldron on s Coals to be paid for3oyears. Commissioners may borrow Money, and assign over the Duties as a Security. s Six Days Notice to be given of the Time of Meeting for borrowing Money. Commissioners may t place out in the Funds, any Money that shall be in the Receiver general's Hands, &c. not immediately ce necessary, &c. and may appoint and remove Collectors and other Officers. The Prescriptive Rights of "the Borough of Colchester reserved. Landlords, &c. to pave the Streets before their Houses. Surveyors c' of the Highways to view the Streets, and see that the same are paved, and to make Returns of such Land "whose Pavements shall be out of Repair; and to give Notice for repairing thereof, and may cause "same to be amended, after 20 Days Neglect. If the Tenant shall pay, he may deduct the same out "of the Rent. Justices may make Presentments of Default in the Pavement of the Streets. Persons ag "may appeal.

CAP. XX.

An Act for encouraging the Growth and Culture of Raw Silk in his Majesty's Colonies or form, Uvu

Plantations in Elmer lea. fieigh.j. c.n.

13 & 14 Car. 2,

C 13 15. xo Gar 2. C 6. 2 TV. & M. flat. 1, C 5 £? 6 If'. & M. C 20* 6 & 7 TV, 3. C is % & TV, 3. C 36.910 TV. 3. C 30 & 43.

L Geo. 2. c. 17, 23 Geo. 2. c. 9.

WHEREAS it will greatly tend to the Increase and Improvement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, to encourage the Growth and Culture of Silk in his Majesty's Dominions in America May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, it shall and may he lawful to import any Raw Silks of the Growth and Culture of any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, directly from thence into the Port of London, without paying any Subsidy, Custom, Imposition or other Duty whatsoever for the same; so as a due Entry be first made thereof in the customhouse, at the Time of Importation, in the same Manner and Form (expressing the Package, Marks and Numbers, together with the Quantities and Qualities of the respective Goods) as was used and practised before the making of this Act; and so as the same be landed in the Presence of, and examined by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs appointed for that Purpose; so as the same be imported in Ships or Vessels, that may lawfully trade to his Majesty's Plantations, manned as by Law is required; and on Failure of the said Conditions or Directions herein last mentioned, such silks shall be liable to the Payment of the respective Duties, as if this Act had never been made.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to entitle the Importer and Importers of Raw Silk, to the Exemption intended by this Act, every Merchant, or other person or Persons whatsoever, who shall, after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and firty, load any Raw Silk on Board any Ship or Vessel, in any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, shall, before the Clearing out of the said Ship or vdtel from thence, make Proof, on Oath, before the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and Naval Officer, at the Port or Place where such Raw Silk shall be put On Board, or any two of them, that the Raw Silk, which lie, he or they hath or have hipped on Board the said Ship or Vessel (expressing the Quantity thereof) is bona fide of the Growth and Culture of some or one of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, expressing the Parish or Place in such Plantation where the same was cultivated and produced, and by whom, producing such person's Oath therto made before the Governor of such Island or Province, or before the next Justice of the Peace (which Oath the said Governor or Justice of the Peace, Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and Naval Officer, or any two of them, are hereby required and empowered to administer without Fee or Reward) and the Master, Commander or other Person taking Charge of the Ship or Vessel, on board which such Raw Silk shall be loaded, shall also bring with him a Certificate or Certificates from such Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and Naval Officer, or any two of them, as aforesaid, under their Hands and Seals of Office, (which Certificate or Certificates, such Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and Naval Officer, are hereby required and directed to grant without Fee or Reward) expressing the Marks,

Number, Tale and Weight of the Raw Silk, in each Bale, Parcel or other Package whatsoever, so hipped or loaded on Board such Ship or Vessel, with the Names, Place or Places of Abode of the Expoiter or Exporters thereof, from the said British Colonies or Plantations in America, and the Name or Dames, Place lor Places of Abode of such other Person or Persons, who shall have sworn the Goods therein mentioned to have been of the Growth and culture of the said British Colonies or Plantations in America; and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom the same are consigned in the Port of London, which Certificate or Certificates, the said Master, Commander or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall, on his Arrival in the said Port of London, deliver to the Collector, Comptroller or other Chief Officer of his Majesty's Customs at the said Port, at or before the Entry of the said Raw Silk; and at the same Time

Raw Silk of the Growth of the British Colonies in America, to be imported free, so as Entry be made.

and the same imported in Vessels that may lawfully trade.

Oath to be made before bearing that the Silk is of the Growth of the British Plantations, & C

Mjfter to bring a Certificate from two Officers of the Customs,

which he is to deliver to the Chief Officer of the Customs on his Arrival ac London,

C 21

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

and to make Oath that the Goods in the Certificate are the same taken on Board in A merita 5 in Default thereof, the Duty is to be paid for such Silk. Penalty on Persons entering Foreign Raw Silk as of the Growth of the biitish Col nies, or of mixing othersilk therewith, to evade Payment of tyre Duties.

In Doubts about the Growth of the Silk, the Onus Probandi is to lie on the Owner.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Sr farther 26 Geo. Z. C 21.

900, 0001. granted out of the Sinking Fund, towards the bup fly.

A.D. 1750.

shall make Oath before any one of them the said Collector, Comptroller or Chief officer of his Majesty's Customs (who are hereby required and empowered to administer the same without Fee or Reward) that the said Bales and Parcels, and Goods contained in such Certificate, are the same Bales and Parcels, and Goods, as were taken on Board in the said British Colonies or Plantations in America; and if any Raw Silk of the Growth and Culture of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, be imported, as herein before mentioned, without such Certificate signed and delivered as herein before required, and Oath made as before directed, by the Mailer, Commander or other Person taking Charge of the Ship or Vessel in which the same is imported; all such Raw Silks shall be liable to the Payment of the respective Duties, as if this Act had never been made; any / thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, make, or cause to be made, an Entry or Entries of any Foreign Raw Silk, under the Name or Description of Raw Silk of the Growth or Culture of any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, or shall mix, or cause to be mixed, any Foreign Raw Silk with Raw Silk of the Growth or Culture of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, with Intent to evade the Payment of the Duties payable on Foreign Raw Silk, every Person or Persons so making, or causing to be made, such Entry or Entries, or mixing or causing such Mixture or Mixtures to be made, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence, and all such Foreign Raw Silk; and in case of any Mixture, the Quantity so mixed, both of Foreign and British Plantation Culture or Growth, or the Value thereof, together with the Bales or other Packages containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and maybe seized and prosecuted, or the Value thereof be sued for by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs; one Moiety of which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall seize, prosecute or sue for the lame, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

IV. Provided always, That if any Doubt or Dispute shall arise, whether the said Raw Silk, or any Part thereof, so to be imported as aforesaid, is of the Growth or Culture of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, or of Foreign Growth or Culture, the Onus Probandi shall lie on the Owner or Claimep thereof, and not on the Informer or Prosecutor; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary not with standing.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this al, the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by Authority of this at; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of nine hundred thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and for applying certain Surplus Moneys, remaining in the Exchequer, as Part of the Supply of the said Year and for the application of certain Savings in the Hands of the Paymaster General -, and for obviating a Doubt in an Act of the fifth Year of King George the First, in respect to the Payment of certain Annuities thereby granted for the Improvement of Fisheries and Manufactures in Scotland, and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted this Session of Parliament; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Compacts of Clerks and Apprentices; and for transferring the Bounties now payable upon the Exportation of British Sail Cloth, to the Customs; and for enforcing the Laws against the clandestine Importation of Soap, Candles and Starch into this Kingdom.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty, in the eafieil Manner we are able, for the Benefit of your Majesty's Subjects, and also to use such Ways and Means therein, as that your Majesty may have the better and more speetly Effect of the said Supplies, have refo vcd to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of nine hundred thousand Pounds, out of the sur plusses, Excesses and Overplus Alonies, commonly called The Sinking Fund: And to that End and Purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys as now are, or shall from time to time be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the said Surplusses, Excesses,

2 f.

233

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

ceft es or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund (after paying or referring sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former act or acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall and may be issued and applied, a Sum not exceeding the said Sum of nine hundred thousand Pounds, for and towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

17, 5531. 10?.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of seventeen thousand five hun 10 Syrplu dred and fifty-three Pounds ten Shillings and ten Pence, now remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Ex o^ti^un Wiriss chequer at Christmas last, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, being the Surplus of the additional ironed, Duties upon ail Wines imported, over and above sufficient to satisfy the Annuities charged thereupon; and 2g(s5g i, 't s. the Sum of twenty-nine thousand eight hundred and fifty six Pounds one Shilling and eleven Pence Half u'd.halfpenny, penny, being the Surplus Moneys remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Michaelmas last, Surplus of the one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows and Lights, ?jut es 115, on and of the Duties on Coaches and other Carriages, after satisfying all Payments due thereupon; and also "c^san^c the Sum of seventy one thousand one hundred and sixteen Pounds seventeen Shillings and sixpence, being 7i)iig i, '7 s. the Surplus Moneys remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Michaelmas last, one thousand 6d. Surplus of seven hundred and forty-nine, of the Subsidy of Poundage on Goods and Merchandizes imported, after the Subsidy of satisfying all Payments due thereupon, shall and may be issued and applied at the said Receipt, as Part of £0u'jd?se on the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty; 00 slmr0rted. anything in this or any former at or Atfts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. year,

III. And whereas the Sum of forty six thousand eight hundred and forty-nine Pounds eleven Shillings ^849 1. It s.

and ten Pence, of Moneys or Savings in the Hands of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Land For, d. Savings Vces, arising from the Pay of his Majesty's Land Forces; as also the Sum of sixty five thousand six hun from the Payrf dred and seventy four Pounds eight Shillings and sixpence, of Moneys or Savings in the Hands of the said the Land Forces, ' Paymaster, on the Head of Forage and Provisions voted for the Auxiliary Troops of Russia, and on the 63, 6741. 8 s.

Subsidies to the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, Elector of Bavaria, and Duke of jvolfenbuttle, have been pfor granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the extraordinary Expenses of his, h°s Troops" ofc majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty Rjau. and the nine, and not provided for by Parliament: Which two Sums, together with the further Sum of sixty Subfiles to the five thousand four hundred and eighty one Pounds four Shillings and seven Pence, granted in this Session Landgrave of of Parliament out of the Supplies for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty, amounting in the V

'whole to the Sum of one hundred seventy eight thousand and five Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, ri^ar.d°duk=

are to be applied for defraying the said extraordinary Expenses of his Majesty's Land Forces, and other ofwolfenbottle, ' Services incurred in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, as aforesaid; 'it therefore q5.+si 1. 4.5 71. enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Sums of forty six thousand eight hundred and granted for the forty-nine Pounds eleven Shillings and ten Pence, and sixty five thousand six hundred and seventy four Service of the Pounds eight Shillings and sixpence, remaining in the Hands of the said Paymaster General of his Ma Year '75°> jesty's Land Forces, of the Moneys or Savings herein before specified, shall and may be issued and applied, to be applied to by any Warrant or Warrants of his Majesty, under his Royal Sign Manual in that Behalf, towards defray we^7cs oath" ing the said extraordinary Expenses of his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in the said ltntfuicetm Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and not provided for by Parliament; anything in this or 1749. any former act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds of Moneys or Savings remaining in the Hands of i5lcool Sa ' the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Land Forces, arising from the Contingencies of the Army, have vingsfi om the been granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Out Pen Contingencies honours of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty; which Sum, together with oftlleal'my'

the further Sum of forty-nine thousand eight hundred and forty-eight Pounds seven Shillings and sixpence, 49, 848 ' 7

granted in this Session of Parliament out of the Supplies for the said Year one thousand seven hundred; ijs0f3rhtheu?*

and fifty, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of sixty four thousand eight hundred and forty-eight car 1750,

Bounds seven Shillings and sixpence, are to be applied for the defraying the Charge of the said Out Pensions of Chelsea Hospital for the said Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Sums of fifteen thousand Pounds, and forty-nine thousand eight hundred and forty-eight Pounds seven Shillings and sixpence, remaining in the Planets of the said Paymaster General of his Majesty's Land Forces, of the Moneys or Savings herein before specified, shall and may be issued and applied, by any Warrant or Warrants of his Majesty under his Royal Sign Manual in that Beto ha applied to half, towards defraying the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand the Out l'en seven hundred and fifty; anything in this or any former Ael: or acts of Parliament to the contrary not ll, ners nf Chel. withstanding. _ h°rp!tal

ing George the First, inti' Scotland, to satisfy public Debts arge the Equivalents claimed on Behalf of Scotland, in the Terms of the same Treaty; and for obviating all future Dfputes, Charges and Ex ' peaces concerning those Equivalents; it was enacted, That the respective yearly Funds of ten thousand Pounds, and two thousand Pounds, made payable thereby on Account of the Equivalent, and for theen couragement of Fisheries and Manufactures, should, during the Continuance thereof respectively, be charged and chargeable upon, and be payable and paid out of, the Moneys arisen and to aise, from time to time, of or for any the Customs, Duties, Excises or Revenues that are or shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs, and Commissioners of the Excise in Scotland, or either of Vox.: VII H h - them.

5 Geo.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

The yearly Funds of 30, 000 1. and 2, 0001* to be paid out of the Revenue of Scotland.

Proviso,

Clause of Loan at

mc nt,

C them, or of any Commissioners, Farmers or Managers of these Revenues, or any of them for the time being: And whereas some Doubts have arisen, whether by the above recited Act, the above respective yearly Funds of ten thousand Pounds, and two thousand Pounds, can or may be charged upon, and paid out of Ironies arisen or to arise from any Customs, Duties, Excises or Revenues, granted or imposed upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, since the making of the said Act Now, for preventing the same for the future, be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said yearly Funds of ten thousand Pounds, and two thousand Pounds, shall, during the Continuance thereof respectively, yearly, and every Year, be paid and payable out of all and every the Customs, Duties, Excises and Revenues, granted or imposed upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, that are under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs, and Commissioners of the Excise in Scotland, or either of them, or of any Commissioners, Farmers or Managers of these Revenues, or any of them for the time being, since the making of the said Act, as well as out of the Customs, Duties, Excises and Revenues, that subsisted under the Management aforesaid, at the Time of making the said Act; subject nevertheless to the several Powers, Clauses and Provisions in the said recited Act mentioned and provided.

VI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of his Ma. 1. po cent, jesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall think it adviseable to raise the said Sum of nine hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in Manner herein after mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said Sum of nine hundred thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the said Surplusses, exceltes, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund; and to have and receive for the Forbearance of the Money lent, Interest: 1 after a Rate not exceeding three Pounds per Centlim per>an mtm, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, who are hereby authorised to issue their Warrants for that Purpose as sail as such Loans shall be wanted for the public Service; and moreover that no Money to be lent upon the Security of this Act shall be rated or assessed to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever.

Tallies and Or

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall lend any Money upon for Repay the Credit of this Act as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately have a Tally of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his, her or their Repayment, bearing the fan e Date with his, her or their Tally, in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Pavmert to carry 3 1. per of Interest for the forbearance thereof, not exceeding the said Rate of three Pounds per Centianper Annum, Cent, interest. anc to ]-, £ pa; <] every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Repay orders to be re rnent of Money so to be lent shall be regilbred in Course according to the Dates respectively; that all

gl^r.d'and and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall stand registered in the

pa.i. in oui e. faj(j Register Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her or their Executors, administrators or Assigns, who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Books of re gifter, shall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be paid out of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys; and he, she or they, who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to, be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; that the Moneys to come in, of or for the said Surplusses, excesses, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, as aforesaid, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns respectively, without any undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise; shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever (other than such Uses and Purposes a' are appointed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf as aforesaid;,) that no Fee, Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views or Searches in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or deputies, on Pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending, with full Coils of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also; and if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made either in point af Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt with full Costs of Suit to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Office or Place; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct the said Orders of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, dr the Teller make Payment upon such Orders, according to each person's due Place and Order as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid; which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages and Costs, to be incurred by any the officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may he recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

VIII. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan or Orders for Payment as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, so as he enters them all the same Day,

No See for rc fcifuting, Sec,

Ft n.thy.

Penalths how to be recovered.

No undue Preference, where Tallies are dated the same Day, C

3

C 21.

35

IX. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incur any Penalty in point of Nor; f Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent Or quest Order II der to Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other Persons that did before such not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in Course, so as there be so much Money reserved as «weienot di will satisfy piecedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them; Interest; upon manded>

Loan being to cease from the Time rhe' Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

X. And be it further enacted, That all.and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be due orde s ajbsn for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Bock of Registry as aforesaid, his, ame

her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by proper Words of Alignment to be endorsed and written upon his, her or their Order, may assign and transfer his, her or their Right, Title, Interest and Benefit of such Order, or any Part thereof to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of Ko See for the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of registry aforesaid for Entry.

Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee, his her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so foties quoties; and afterwards The Alignment it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made such Alignment, to make not to be voiced, void, release or discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

XI. And to the end there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum not to exceed in the whole the said Sum of nine hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by issuing Exchequer Bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means for the public Service;

Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, c(?m5'onps or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall judge it more adviseable to rail'e the said Sum of nine hundred thou Exchequer Bills sand Pounds, or any Part thereot, by Exchequer Bills, instead of such Loans as aforesaid, that then they for the said Sum respectively are hereby authorised and empowered at any Time or Times to prepare and make, or cause to of C 0 be prepared and made at the Exchequer, any' Number of new Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of Money rot exceeding in the whole the said Sum of nine hundred thousand Pounds, together with such Loans as aforesaid, in the same or like Manner, Form or Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by a certain Act of Parliament (For granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, for the Service of the Year one thousand J, seven hundred and fifty) are enabled and prescribed concerning t e.

Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, ^tn'eato the Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the said last mentioned Refutation's Act relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (except such Clauses contained in the as do charge the same on the Aids or aftefi ments, granted by the same Act) shall be applied and extended to Land Tax, C the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated or re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills as shall be made in Exchequer Bills, pursuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to, or attending the same, C to be repaid shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and born by and out of the grow put of the Smiting Produce of the said Surplusses, Exceiies and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, (exin Fund, cept such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as fnft as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards the paying offi, cancelling and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate or Charges, until the whole of them, shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and refer vel in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming into Land Tax, C the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament (entitled.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty) and so much Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain, after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Pcateand Charges thereupon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament (entitled. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain, duties upon jq.r y}x) Malt, Alum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty) and so much Money, II any such be, of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made, or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Preemium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Moneys sufficient shall be' reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, for and Annuities. Contributions for Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, granted by one other Act of this prefrnt Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of onetr.il jinn, to be raised by Annuities at three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and charged on the Sinking Fund, transferrable at the Bank of England and the Sum of seventeen thousand five hundred and fifty-three Pounds ten Shillings and ten Pence, remaining in the Exchequer at Christmas last, being the Surplus of tile additional Duties upon all Wines imported, over and above sufficient to farisfy the Annuities charged thereupon; and the Sum of twenty-nine thousand eight hundred and fifty six Pounds one Shilling and eleven Pence Half

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

Out of the Aids to be paid,

1, 091.521 1. 5?. 10 d towards Naval Services.

10, 000 1. to Greenwich Hospital.

744.70$ 1. 16 s. 4 CI towards the Office of Ord. nance.

i»*3s>' 9s

11 d. to the Laud Forces; of which 628, 2.301. 4 s.

7 d. lor Guards, Sic in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey $ 236, 420 1. 18 s.

6 d. 2 q. for Garrisons, C in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and Providence. 29*993 1. 3 s.

7 d. to the Duke of Brunswick Wo. fen buttle; 8, 62^ 1. to the Elector of Mentz.

22, 372 1. 3 s.

L d. 2 q. to the Elector of Bavaria,

65, 481 1. 4 3.

7 d. ferextra erdinary Land Forces, Uc. in f74

49 848 1. 7 s.

6 d. toout pen sioners in chel iea Hospital j 5.117 1. 11 s.

5 d. to the two Troops of Hoise Guards, See,

6, 000 1- to reduced Officers 5 3, 374 1. to re duced Officers v/.dows, Sec,

172, 246 1. j6 s. 4 d. lur Services during the War in North Atne c,

penny, being the Surplus Moneys remaining in the Exchequer at Michaelmas last one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows and Lights, and of the Duties on Coaches and other Carriages, after satisfying all Payments due thereupon; and the Sum of seventy one thousand one hundred and sixteen Pounds seventeen Shillings and sixpence, being the Surplus Moneys remaining in the Exchequer at Michaelmas last, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, of the Subsidy of Poundage on Goods and Merchandizes imported, after satisfying all Payments due thereupon; and also the Sum of nine hundred thousand Pounds by this Act granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses and Purposes herein after expressed (that is to say) it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million eleven thousand five hundred and twenty-one Pounds five Shillings and ten Pence, for or towards the Naval Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say. For or towards defraying the Charges of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers; and for or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards the Buildings, Rebuildings and Repairs of his Majesty's Ships for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty.

XV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better alainte nance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred forty-four thousand seven hundred and eight Pounds sixteen Shillings and fourpence, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Land Service, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty, performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

XVII. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one million two hundred thirty-eight thousand seven hundred and four Pounds nine Shillings and eleven Penee, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say) any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six hundred twenty-eight thousand two hundred and thirty Pounds four Shillings and seven Pence, for defraying the Charge of the eighteen thousand eight hundred and fifty seven effective Men, including Commission and non commission Officers, and one thousand eight hundred and fifteen Invalids, for Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred thirty-six thousand four hundred and twenty Pounds eighteen Shillings and sixpence Halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar and Providence, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and any Sum or Sums of money, not exceeding twenty-nine thousand nine hundred and ninety three Pounds three Shillings and seven Pence, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with his moffc Serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick jvolfenbuitle, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eight thousand six hundred and twenty Pounds, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Mentos, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-two thousand three hundred and seventy two Pounds three Shillings and one Penny Halfpenny, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Bavaria, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding sixty five thousand four hundred eighty one Pounds four Shillings and seven Pence, for defraying the extraordinary Expenses of his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services incurred in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty-nine thousand eight hundred forty-eight Pounds seven Shillings and sixpence, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of out pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five thousand one hundred seventeen' Pounds eleven Shillings and eight Penee, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced; and to superannuafed Gentlemen of the four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding sixty seven thousand Pounds, upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty, subject to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are hereafter prescribed concerning the same; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three thousand three hundred seventy four Pounds, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty; which said Sum of three thousand three hundred and seventy four Pounds, shall be iitued to such Person or Persons, as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, direct ai d appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over to such Widows of half-pay Officers, or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lists, or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, and other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty, by such and the like Warrant or Warrants, shall be graciously pleased to direct and appoint'; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred twenty-two thousand two hundred forty six Pounds sixteen Shillings and fourpence, for defraying the expence of Services incurred during the War in his Majesty's Colonies in North America, on

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

C

21

237

account of the intended Expedition against Canada, and for other Services arising therefrom, and for the Succour of Nova Scotia.

XVIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup, -, 4.-6l.; s. plies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding od. Charges of thirty-six thousand four hundred seventy six Pounds three Shillings and ten Pence, upon Account, for de Settling Nova fraying the Charges incurred by transporting to his Majesty's Colony of Neva Scotia, and supporting and c0la' maintaining the re, a Number of reduced Officers and private Men dismissed his Majesty's Land and Sea Service, and other his Majesty's Subjects now settled in the said Colony, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty-nine thousand seven hundred seventy eight 39, 7781.19?, Pounds nineteen Shillings and twopence, upon Account, for supporting, maintaining and enlarging the J for Nova Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fitly. cut, a

XIX. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there hall 2, 0011. for the and may be issued and paid to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the West

City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry, or any seven or more of them, or to fuc'n Person or Persons as shall be appointed under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to receive the same, the Sum of eight thousand Pounds, without Account, other than is directed for other Moneys raised by virtue of several former Acts of Parliament, passed during the Reign of his present Majesty, for building the said Bridge, to be applied to finish the said Bridge, and to enable the said Commissioners to perform the other Trusts reposed in them.

XX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies 1,000,000l. to aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one mil pay the like lion, to discharge the Sum of one million raised in pursuance of an Act passed in the last Session of Parlia Sum, charged ment and charged on the first: Aids or Supplies to be granted in Parliament, after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding 2g set, ninety four thousand six hundred fifty-five Pounds seven Shillings and fourpence, for making good the De 9^6551. 7s. 4j, fieiency at Chrijhnas one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, of the half Subsidy of Tonnage and to make good Poundage, for paying the Annuity and Charges of Management of the South Sea Company, for Subscrip the Deficiency of tions into their Capital of Annuities, granted by the second Act Anno one thousand seven hundred and eight; ', 00-01

and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, towards the Support of the British Forts Support of the and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, to be applied in such Manner, as his Majesty hall think proper; Brnish Forte, and there half and may be issued and paid to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in Amsri upon the ca, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three thousand three hundred and four Pounds three Shil Coa 01 lings and fourpence, by them to be applied for the further settling and improving the said Colony. for geoi^ii4 '

XXI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sups ]g. plies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five Co make good thousand one hundred eighty-three Pounds seventeen Shillings and eight Pence, to replace to the Sinking the Deficiency Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at of the Starr p Christmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight; and any sum or Sums of Money not exceeding

thirteen thousand three hundred sixty one Pounds ten Shillings and one Penny, to replace to the said Sink 'j'^ficiency ingfund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of twelve Shillings a of the Duties on Barrel on Sweets, of Wines made from britij1) or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, at Michaelmas one thousand fe Sweets, ven hundred and forty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty-five thousand Pounds, 35>OCO' for to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to answer one year's Interest, due at s"ft duuev'0 Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per 7^, 951" 4s.'s(j. Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum of one million lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, which were 29. to make continued for six Years, from ladyday one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, towards the Supply for goodrhe addi the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive; any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding seven t anal Duties on thousand one hundred ninety six Pounds four Shillings and five Pence Halfpenny, to replace to the said Wln']', s d Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Duties on^make good' Wines at Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not ihe Duty on LI exceeding five thousand seven hundred twenty-four Pounds three Shillings and nine Pence, to replace to the cences fonetail said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty on Licen 10s Spirituous ees for retailing of Spirituous Liquors, at ladyday one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; and ar.y id

Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-one thousand five hundred sixty four Pounds two Shillings Deficiency and ten Pence Halfpenny, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make of the Duties on good the Deficiency of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, at Midsummer one thousand seven Inin Glass and Spin, dred and forty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty-nine thousand six hundred tuo "s thirty-one Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny, for making good the Deficiency at Christmas one ^r' ojfi cijncy thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, of the said Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors; and any Sum at christmas or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred seventy five thousand seven hundred thirty-six Pounds five f'49; Shillings and threepence, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants, for the Year cnc thousand seven75 7. .6}. 5s hundred and forty-nine. 3* 1)eficier cy

ol the Grants for a 749.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids and Supplies provided aforesaid hall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than tyre Uses and The Supplies to Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout be irp lied cnly by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts as '*- of this present Session of Parliament.

xxiii. And as to the said Sum of sixty seven thousand Pounds, by this Act appropriated on Account of Rules to be half-pay, as aforesaid; is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein obfcryehin the after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application thereof; that is to say, That no Person hall have Arp;

that "if ray

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

See 14. Geo. 2. or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when I C 47. feci. 21. the Regiment, Troop or Company, in which he served, was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except j[uch Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company; I tha: no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, ! shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any ecclesiastic.il Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said ha)fr pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who has resigned his Commission, and has had no commission fmcc; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons, who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as re( ( and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

22 Geo. 2. c. 42. '

XXIV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty second Year of his Majesty's Reign,

(entitled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of one million out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of one million for the uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted

in this Session of Parliament, and for applying a certain Sum for defraying certain Charges and Allowances to, ' the Officers and private Gentlemen of the reduced Troops of Horse Guards; and for continuing the Bounties on the Exportation of British and Irish Linens; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Annuity Orders or other Orders, If, burnt or otherwise defrayed) several Supplies which had been

granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding sixty seven thousand two hundred and twenty six Pounds eighteen Shillings and fourpence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Of j ' fleers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that behalfnow it

Application of is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of sixty f! sl fplljs, cf seven thousand two hundred twenty six Pounds eighteen Shillings and fourpence, as is or shall be more ad'* ppropria ted than suffic cnt to satisfy the faiq reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said Act to be in 1749, to the observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such of half pay. fleers who are maimed or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others, as lay reason of their long.service, or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children' of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under his. majesty's Royal Sign, Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act, or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding

And for the Relief of any Person or Persons, who through Neglect or Inadvertency, have omitted to pay the several Rates and Duties, or any Part thereof, upon Moneys given, paid, contracted or agreed for, with or in relation to any Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, which hath been put or placed to or with any Mailer or Mistress to learn any Profession, Trade or Employment, and to have such Indentures or' other Writings, which shall contain the Covenant, Articles, Contracts or Agreements, relating to the Service of such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, stamped within the Times by the several Acts of Parliament, for those Purposes respectively limited, or who have also in like Manner omitted to insert and write in Words at Length, in such Indentures or other Writings as aforesaid, the full Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof received, or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, agreed or contracted for, with or in relation to every such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant as aforesaid; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of the Rates or Duties upon Moneys, or such Part of such Moneys so neglected or omitted to be paid as aforesaid, on or before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fifty, to such Person or Persons to whom the same ought to be paid, and tendering the said Indentures or other Writings to be stamped at the same Time, or at any Time on or before the twenty^ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty, of which timely Notice isto be given in the London Gazette, the same Indentures or other Writings shall be good and available in Law and Equity, and may be given in Evidence in any Court whatsoever; and the Clerk, Apprentice or Servant therein named, shall be capable' of following and exercising their respective intended Trades or Employments, as fully as if the said Rates and Duties so omitted had been duly paid, and the full Sum or Sums received or agreed for as aforesaid, had been inserted, and the Persons who have.incurred any Penalties by the omissions aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from the said Penalties; anything in this or any former Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

And whereas the Fund upon which the Bounties granted upon the Exportation of British made Sail Cloth are charged, hath of late been deficient, which has contributed to the Decay of the said Ma 4 nu fa chi re In order therefore to secure the due and regular payment.of the said Bounties for the future, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of same one thousand seven hundred and fifty, the Bounty which is now payable upon Exportation of British) Sail Cloth out of the Duty of 4.Geo. 2. c. 17. one Penny per Ell, on Foreign Sail Cloth imported, shall from time to time for the future, be supplied and C 27. pa; CI out of such part of the ofd Subsidies as are applicable to the Payment of Incidents (after fansf ung all The Bounty Payments already charged thereupon, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament iri that Behalf) in Me like upon Exporta Manner, and under the like Regulation and restrictions, as are directed and prescribed by the several Acts Sail cloth, 'to fr the Payment of such Bounties.

be paid for the future out of the Old Subsidies. 26 Geo. 2. c. 32. §.9. '

ji &12 JK 3. 4 XXVII Whereas great Frauds and Abuses are committed in the Duties arising from Candles, ], Soap and

r. 3. same. < Starch, which apparently tend not only to the Diminution of the said Revenues, but also to the Discours 9. 9a, w. c.' '? agement

Clause for Relief of Persons who have omit, u d, to pay the Pmies charged on Indentures.

Farircr 7v; -; Jions 1 Jac. I.

C 34' 7^8 W. C jo & 39, 12 Ann

D. 1750.' Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

C 21. 239

agement of the fair Traders For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, 10 Ann, r. 26. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefenc 11 c 3°' Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of May one candies. Soap thousand seven hundred and fifty, no Candles, Soap or Starch shall be brought or imported into Great Bri or Starch im t un, in any Ship or Vessel from Ireland, or the isle of Man, or from any other Place or Places whatsoever ported contrary beyond the Seas, otherwise than in Calk, Chest, Case, Bag or other Package, each Calk, Chest, Case, to this Bag or other Package whereof, shall contain two hundred and twenty-four Pounds, of neat Candles, Soap or Starch at the least, to be flowed openly in the Hold of such Ship or Vessel importing the same, under the Penalties and Forfeitures following (that is to say) that all the Candles, Soap or Starch so imported, in any to be forfeited. Ship or Vessel contrary to this attogether with the Package, shall be forfeited, and the Mailer, Mate or and the Matter other Person, taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit fifty Pounds; and it '°6Gp050l'c shall and may be lawful for the respective Officers of the Customs or Excise, or such other Persons who are or shall be deputed or authorised thereto, by Warrant from the High Treasurer, Commissioners of the officeis 'may Treasury, or Under Treasurer, orb special Commission from his Majesty, under the Great Seal or Privy seize the same. Seal, to seize such Candles, Soap or Starch, together with the Casks, Chilis or other Package, containing the same.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of May one Officers of Ex

thousand seven hundred and fifty, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of his Majesty's revenue of Excise, or any of them, to go on Board' and enter into any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, which shall be Bo: ird Vessels within the Limits of any of the Ports of the Kingdom of Great Britain, and to continue on Board the same, and to rummage and search in like Manner as the Officers of the Customs may now legally do, for all and rummage Candles, Soap and Starch, and to seize for his Majesty's Use, as well all such of the said Commodities as S, rcanj*s' u shall be there sounds which by the Laws thereunto respectively relating, shall be forfeited, together with an larc9the Casks, Boxes, Chests, Bags or other Package containing the same; and in like Manner to seize such of the Commodities aforesaid, every or any of them, as before due Entry thereof, with the proper Officer or Officers, and without paying or securing the Duties on the Importation thereof, shall be found unshipping or unshipped out of such Ship or Vessel, to be laid on Land, without Entry and Payment of the Duties due for the same respectively, together with the Casks, Chests, Boxes, Bags or other Package whatsoever, containing the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Coconets to May one thousand seven hundred and fifty, where any Sufferance, Cocquet or Transire shall be granted, p>efs cheq^sli for any Candles, Soap or Starch, to be shipped or put on Board, to be carried forth to the open Sea from V Quantity and any Port, Creek or Member, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, to be landed at any other Place in the Jf these com fard Kingdom, such Sufferance, Cocquet or Transire, shall respectively express the Quality, Quantity and nudities, under Weight of the said Candles, Soap or Starch, and Mark of the Package so to be shipped, by whom such Penalty of the Candles, Soap or Starch were made and sold, and to what Place the same is or are consigned; and where Goods beingior any Candles, Soap or Starch shall be so shipped or put on Board, without such Sufferance, Cocquet or fe, tedj &c' Transire, such Candles, Soap or Starch, together with the Package containing the same, shall be forfeited

r, nd lost; and it shall and maybe lawful for the respective Officers of the Customs or Excise, or such other Persons who are or shall be deputed or authorised thereto, by Warrant from the High Treasurer, Commissioners of the Treasury, or Under Treasurer, or by special Commission from his Majesty, under the Great Seal or Privy Seal, to seize such Candles, Soap or Starch, together with the Casks, or other Package containing the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Officers nay

any Officer or Officers of Excise or Customs, to seize any Quantity of Candles, Soap or Starch, together feuethofe.cw. with the Package containing the same, that shall be found in any Ship or Vessel, or shall be carrying in any h'vebeen*

Cart or Wagon, or in any other Carriage whatsoever, where they shall have good Reason to suspect and inprivate

believe the lame hath been made in some private Workhouse or other Place, or clandestinely imported Workhouses, or without Payment of the Duty, or that the lame are Candles, Soap or Starch which have been exported, clandestineiyim and relanded, after the Duty had been repaid and drawn back for the same at the Time of the Exportation Pored. c. thereof; and if the Party in whose Possession such Candles, Soap or Starch shall be found, does not, at the a ", ovir the Hearing of the Information for that Purpose to be exhibited as herein after directed, make it appear that the payment of Duty hath been paid or secured for the lame, all the said Candles, Soap or Starch so seized for the Causes the Duty, aforesaid, shall be forfeited, together with the Package containing the same; and the Person in whose Pof to forfeit the session such Candles, Soap or Starch shall be found, shall likewise forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, Goods, and 5l. for every hundred Pounds Weight; and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity. weieht7

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Foreign Candles, Soap or Foreign Candles Starch, shall be unshipped with Intention to be laid on Land before an Entry has been made thereof, with soapor Starch the proper Officer or Officers for the said Duties, and before the respective Duties for the same have been unshipped before first paid or secured; or if any Candles, Soap or Starch contained or specified in any Certificate, whereupon Entry,

; nv Drawback is to be made, or whereupon any Debenture is to be made forth for such Drawback, shall, or relanded, af when shipped for Exportation, be landed again in any Part of Great Britain; such Candles, Soap or Starch, Exportation tjgether with the Package containing the same, and the Vessels and Boats, and all the Horses and other forfeited, and cattle and Carriages whatsoever, used in the landing, relanding, removing, carrying or conveying of the the Vessels, aforesaid Goods, shall be forfeited and lof, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Horsesand Excise; and the Person or Persons from whom such Candles, Soap or Starch shall be seized, shall also for ^tthfivffff r ft it and pay five Pounds, for every hundred Pounds Weight thereof; and foin Proportion for a greater or less to pay j i. for"*Quantity.* every C

XXXII. And for the more effectual discovering 2nd dete&ln* the running of any Candles, Soap or Starch; Re it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons whatsoever shall know( in g'y

240

Per Tonnes harbour in? any of those cdmrrv.'dities unlawfully imported, Sec. to forfeit the guods, and 501. for every C Wt

Method of Proceeding when no Person appears to claim the Good within 20 Days,

Judgments to be fti\31,

and not remove able by Certiorari.

Method of Proceeding when Officers suspect such Commodities to be concealed.

Penalty of ob prutting Officers.

On Seizure for Nojnpdv oirnt of Duties, the Proof ro lie on the Chimer.

No Drawback on Candles, Soap or Starch made in Ireland, See,

C 21. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

ingly harbour, keep or conceal, or shall knowingly permit or suffer to be harboured, kept or concealed, such Candles, Soap or Starch, which have been so unlawfully imported, or which have been shipped for Exportation upon Debenture, and so relanded as aforesaid, the Party cr Parties offending therein, whether he, she or they, have or have not, or do, or do not claim or pretend to have any Property or Interest in such Candles, Soap or Starch, so harboured, kept or concealed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lo a all such Candles, Soap or Starch, so harboured, kept or concealed, with the Casks, Vessels or other Package containing the same; and hail forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds, for every hundred Pounds Weight thereof; - and in the same Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity.

XXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases, where any such Candles, Soap or Starch shall be seized as forfeited, and no Person or Persons within twenty Days next after such Seizure shall appear to the Officer or Officers who made such Seizure, to claim the same, then, and in such Case, if such Seizure or Seizures shall happen to be made within the Limits of the Chief Excise Office in London, it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers who shall make such Seizure or Seizures, from and after the Expiration of the said twenty Days next after such respective Seizure or Seizures, to cause Notice in Writing to be signed by his Majesty's Solicitor for the Revenue of Excise for the time being, to be affixed, at the Royal Exchange, signifying the Day and Time of the Day, that the Commissioners of the Excise for the time being, or three of them, will proceed to hear the Matter of such Seizure or Seizures, and to the Condemnation of the Candles, Soap or Starch, so seized as aforesaid, and of the Casks, Vessels or other Package containing the same; and if such Seizure of Candles, Soap or Starch as aforesaid, shall happen to be made as aforesaid, out of the Limits of the said Chief Excise Office in London, it shall and may be lawful for the Officers who shall make such Seizure or Seizures, from and after the Expiration of twenty Days next after such respective Seizure or Seizures, to cause public Notice to be given by Proclamation, at the next Market Town to the Place or Places where such respective Seizure or Seizures shall be made as aforesaid, upon the next Market Day after the Expiration of the said twenty Days, of the Day and Place when and where the Justices of tile Peace will proceed to hear the Matter of such Seizure or Seizures, and to the Condemnation of the Candles, Soap or Starch so seized as aforesaid; in which said Cases' it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, and Justices of the Peace respectively, within their respective Jurisdictions to proceed to examine into the Cause of such Seizure or Seizures, and to give Judgement for the Condemnation of such Candles, Soap or Starch so seized, as upon due Examination shall appear to be forfeited, and of the Casks, Vessels or other Package containing the same, which Judgments shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law, and final to all Intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the respective Owner or Owners of the said Candles, Soap or Starch, or the respective Person or Persons in whose Custody the same were or was at the respective Time, or Times of the Seizure or Seizures thereof, had been respectively summoned to attend the said Commissioners of Excise or Justices of the Peace, in the Manner herein before prescribed, and shall not be liable to any Appeal, or to be removed by Certiorari, anything in this prefect Act contained, or any Law, Statute or Provision to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Officer or Officers for the said Duties of Excise, shall have Cause to suspect that any Candles, Soap or Starch shall be fraudulently hid or concealed in any Place whatsoever, either entered for keeping the same, or not entered, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty of the Duties thereof, then and in such Case, if such Place shall he within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, upon Oath nude by such Officer or Officers before the Commissioners of Excise for the time being, or any two or more of them, or in case the same shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division or Place where such Officer shall suspect the same to be hid or concealed, setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or justice or Justices of the peace respectively, before whom such affidavit or Affidavits shall be made, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant or Warrants, under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorise and empower such Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, (ut if in the Night, in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every such Place or Places, where he or they shall so suspect such Candles, Soap or Starch to be so fraudulently hid or concealed, and seize and carry away all such Candles, Soap or Starch, which he or they shall then and there find so fraudulently hid and concealed, as forfeited, together with all the Casks, Chests, Boxes, Bags or other Package whatsoever, wherein the same shall be contained; audit" t any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall obstruct, oppose, molest, let or hinder any Officer or Officers of or for the said Duties, or any of them, in the doing, performing or executing any of the Powers or Authorities by this Act given to such Officer or Officers; every such Person or Persons offending therein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXXV. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Candle?, Soap or Starch shall be so seized for nonpayment of the Duties or non entry, and any Dispute shall arise, whether the Customs, Excise or Inland Duties have been paid for the same, or the same have been duly entered, then, and in such Cases, the Proof thereof shall lie on the Owner or Ciaimerof fuel) Goods, and not on the Officer who shall seize or stop such Goods.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty, no Person who shall export from any Part of Great Britain, Candles, Soap or Starch made in Ireland, or in the isle of Man, or in any other Place or Places whatsoever

beyond the Seas, shall, on Exportation thereof, be entitled to receive any Drawback, or be repaid the Duties, Customs or Impositions, paid, payable or secured on Importation of the saint, or any Part thereof; any Law, Statute. Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding;

I

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

C 22.

z

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Candles, Soap or Starch Method of pro. shall be seized by any Officer of Excise, or any other Persons authorised thereto, on Board any Ship or cecdicg io Con vessel, or unshipping or unshipped, as forfeited by virtue and in pursuance of this Act; and when any damnation of Candles, Soap or Starch shall be seized by any Officer of Excise, or any other Persons authorised thereto, sin Ssisurw. carrying or removing by Land, or lodged or concealed in any Place whatsoever on Shore, as forfeited by virtue and in pursuance of this Act; all such Seizures of the said Goods and Packages, and of the Vessels,

Boats, Horses and other Cattle, Wagons, Carts and other Carriages, used for carrying and removing the same (except such Seizures of the said Goods and Packages, and of the Vessels, Boats, Horses and other Cattle, Wagons, Carts and other Carriages, used for carrying and removing the same) where no person or Persons shall, within twenty Days after such Seizure, claim the same (in which Case the Method of Proceeding has been herein before directed and the several Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act respectively imposed, shall and may be proceeded upon, heard and determined in such Manner and Form as hereafter in and by this Act is directed and appointed (that is to say) all Informations for the Condemnation of such Seizures, and for the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act respectively imposed, if the said Seizures were made, and Penalties and Forfeitures incurred within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, shall be proceeded upon, heard and determined by the Commissioners of Excise for the time being, or any three of them, or by the Commissioners of Appeals, or the major Part of them, in case of Appeal, and not otherwise: And all Informations for the Condemnation of such Seizures, and for the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act respectively imposed, if such Seizures were made, and Penalties and Forfeitures incurred out of the Limits of the said Chief Office of Excise in London, shall be proceeded upon, heard and determined by any two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the time being, residing near to the Place where such Seizure shall be made, on Penalty or Forfeiture incurred; and if either Party find himself aggrieved by the Judgement given by two or more Justices, he shall and may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter sessions, who are hereby authorised and empowered to hear and determine the same; whose Judgement therein shall be final: Which said Commissioners of Excise and Appeals, and the said Justices of the Peace respectively, are hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made, within three Months after any Seizure made, or Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side; and upon the Appearance, or Default of the Party accused in not appearing (upon Proof of Notice given) to proceed to the Examination of the Matter of Fast, and of the Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath (which Oath they the said Commissioners and Justices are hereby respectively empowered to administer) touching such Seizure or Seizures, Penalties or Forfeitures; and thereupon to proceed to give Judgement, as well for any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by this Act, which, upon due Examination, or the voluntary Confession of the Party accused, shall be found to be incurred, as for the Condemnation of such Candles, Soap or Starch, and the Packages and the Vessels, Boats, Horses and other Cattle, Wagons, Carts and other Carriages, so seized, which, upon due Examination, or the voluntary. Confession of the Party accused, shall be found to be forfeited by virtue of this Act, or any other Act relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, and to issue out their Warrants for the Sale of such Candles, Soap or Starch, and the Packages, and Vessels, Boats, Horses and other Cattle,

Wagons, Carts and other Carriages, as shall be foby them respectively condemned; and where the Party staffed shall be convicted of the Offence alleged against him, to award and issue Warrants under their Hands for the levying any pecuniary Penalty or Penalties so adjudged upon the Goods and Chattles of the said Offenders, and to cause Sale to be made of the said Goods and Chattles, if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any) and for want of sufficient Distress, to imprison the Party offending till Satisfaction be made.

XXXVIII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and Power to miti justices, where they shall see Cause, to mitigate or lessen any Penalties and Forfeitures, in such Manner as gate the penal they shall think fit; the reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers, as well in making the Discovery, as tles> C

in the Prosecution of the same, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalty to less than one fourth Part thereof, over and above the said Costs and Charges; anything contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned (all Applicaiion of necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being first deducted) shall be employed, one Moiety thereof tlle Penalties, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Seizer or Pro

see u for.

XL. Provided also, and be it enacted, That ho Writ or Writs of Certiorari shall supersede Execution, or Execution, C other Proceedings upon any Order or Orders, made in pursuance of this Act; but that Execution, and nott0 super other Proceedings, shall and maybe had and made thereupon; any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance^Cutl°* thereof, notwithstanding. ' s!'farther S

CAP. XXII gcj. 1. 32.

An Act for giving further Time to the Proprietors of Annuities, after the Hate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to subscribe the same in the Manner, and upon the Terms therein mentioned, and for redeeming such of the said Annuities, as shall not be so subscribed; and for impowering the East India Company to raise certain Sums by transferable Annuities,

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act 13050, C 1. for reducing the several Annuities which now carry an ir.tcrrft after the Rate of four Pounds per Cen: r Annum, to the several Rates of Inter f therein mentioned, it was, amongst other Things,

turn p:

II

enacted, ' That

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

242 C 22.

A.D. 1750.

Time given to go May to the Proprietors of the four percent. Annuities, to subscribe, C

Such Part of the four percent,

Annuities as Hi all not be subscribrd, to be paid cff.

His Majesty im potvcred tf* borrow Money on the Sinking Fund to pay off the same

That any Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who were interested in, or entitled unto any Part of the National Debt incurred before Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, redeem able by Law, which now carries an Interest after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum; and who should, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, subscribe their Names, or signify their Consents, in Books prepared for that Purpose, to accept of an Interest of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, subject to the same Provisoes, Notices and Clauses of Redemption, which their respective four percents are now liable to; should, in lieu of their present Interest, be entitled unto, and receive an Interest of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, an Interest of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and that no Part of the same should be liable to be redeemed, except as therein is excepted, till after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, as in and by the said Act, Relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear: And whereas in pursuance of the Powers given by the before recited Act, great Part of the said Annuities, after the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, have been subscribed upon the Terms of the said Act: 'Now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being truly sensible that the complicating the Reduction of the said Annuities, carrying an Interest of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, which remain unfubferi bed, would be of public Service to the Nation, have resolved, That any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who now are, or hereafter may be interested in or entitled unto, such Part of the National Debt, incurred before Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, redeemable by Law, which now carries an Interest of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, as hath not beer, subscribed, in pursuance of the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament, and who do, on or before the thirtieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty, subscribe their Names, or signify their Consent, to accept of an Interest of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, subject to the same Provisions, Notices and Clauses of Redemption, which their respective four percents are now liable to, shall, in lieu of their present Interest, be entitled unto, and receive, an Interest of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, an Interest of three Pounds and ten Shillings per Centmn per Annum, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; and that no Part of the same shall be liable to be redeemed, until after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; and that such Part of the National Debt incurred before Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, redeemable by Law, which now carries an Interest of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and which hall not be subscribed on or before the thirtieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty, be redeemed and paid off; and that your Majesty be enabled to borrow of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding such Part of the National Debt, carrying an Interest of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Law, as hath not been subscribed in pursuance of the said Act, and shall not be subscribed according to the aforegoing resolution, to be charged upon the Sinking Fund; and to be applied to pay off and redeem such Parr of the said National Debt, so unsubscribed as aforesaid, upon any Terms, not exceeding the Rates of Interest proposed in the said Resolution: whereas several Notices have been given by the Speaker of the House of Commons, in pursuance of the Resolution of the said House, that unless the said unsubscribed Annuities, carrying an Interest of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, be subscribed on or before the thirtieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty, the same would be redeemed and paid oft', according to the Terms in the said Notices contained respectively; that is to say, That so much of the Annuities transfer rable at the Bank of England, created in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and so much of the Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, as were raised by a Lottery in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, as have not been subscribed in pursuance of an Act passed this Session of Parliament, and shall not be subscribed on or before the thirtieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty, will be redeemed and paid off" on the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, agreeable to the Clauses and Powers of Redemption, contained in the several Acts of Parliament for creating the said Annuities respectively; so much of the Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, created in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, as have not been subscribed, pursuant to an Act passed this Session of Parliament, and Hi all not be subscribed on or before the thirtieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty, will be redeemed and paid off on the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, agreeable to the Clauses and Powers of Redemption, contained in the Act of Parliament so, creating the said Annuities; that so much of the Annuities transferra bleat the Bank of England, created in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, as have not been subscribed, pursuant to an Act passed this Session of Parliament, and shall not be subscribed on or before the thirtieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty, will be redeemed and paid off on the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, agreeable to the Clauses and Power of Redemption, contained in the several Adlsof Parliament for creating the said Annuities respectively; that so much of the Annuities charged upon Wrought Plate, and payable at the Exchequer, as have not been subscribed, pursuant to an Act passed this Session or Parliament, and shall not be subscribed on or before the thirtieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty, will be redeemed and paid off on the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, agreeable to the Clauses and Powers of Redemption contained in the Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for laying a Duty upon Wrought Plate; that the Sum of four million two hundred thousand Pounds, now

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

C 22.

243

A.D. 1750.

due and owing to the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, will be redeemed and paid off in Manner and Form following, videlicet, one million and fifty thousand Pounds, on the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; one million and fifty thousand Pounds, on the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; one million and fifty thousand Pounds, on the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and the remaining Sum of one million and fifty thousand Pounds, on the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, unless the Sum of three million two hundred thousand Pounds be subscribed on or before the thirtieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty: And therefore your faithful Commons do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such Notices as afore Notices given said shall be and be deemed, adjudged and taken to be good and sufficient Notice or Notices, within the by the Speaker, true Intent and Meaning of the several Acts of Parliament for the Redemption of the said several Annui to te deem ties, and the same shall be redeemable accordingly; anything in the same, or any other Act or Acts of Pared oc liament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Cor The Proprietors porate, who now are, or hereafter may be, interested in, or entitled unto, any Part of the National Debt, subscribir^ with incurred before Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, redeemable by Law, which now in the Time LI carries an Interest of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, as hath not been subscribed in pursuance of the to be sl said recited Act of this present Session of Parliament; and who do, on or before the thirtieth Day of May ^yfter the'fe' one thousand seven hundred and fifty, subsetibe their Names, or signify their Consent, to accepl of an In vera] Rate, terest of three Pounds per Centum ter Annum, to commence from the twenty-fifth Day of December one mentioned, thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, subject to the same Provisoes, Notices and Clauses of Redemption,

which their respective four percents are now liable to, shall, in lieu of their present Interest, be entitled unto, and receive an Interest eff four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, an Interest of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; and that no Part of the same shall be liable to be redeemed, till after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Part of the National Debt, incur Such Part nfthe

red before Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, redeemable by Law, which now carries fa!j Annuities an Interest at the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and which shall net be subscribed before the b?,

said thirtieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty, shall be redeemed and paid off. pcido 's. e

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Sum of three million two The East India hundred thousand Pounds, now due and owing to the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Company not Indies, carrying an Interest after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, be not subscribed on or be subscribing, to fore the said thirtieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty, upon the Terms herein before b. c. Paldoff. mentioned; then, and in such Case, not only the said Sum of three million two hundred thousand Pounds, ' "|4 'J z' but also the Sum of one million, now due and owing to the said United Company, at an Interest after the '5 'J Rate of three Pounds percent tonne per Annum, by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the seventeenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, shall be redeemed and paid off.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said The east-india United Company shall, on or before the said thirtieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty, <r°pln>' ut signify their Consent to the Reduction of the Interest of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, now payable 'nite niit to the said United Company, in respect of the said Principal Sum of three million two hundred thousand ed.

Pounds, to the several Rates of Interest before mentioned, redeemable by Parliament, as aforesaid, and also

that the said Sum of one million, due and owing to the said United Company, at an Interest after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, by virtue of the said Act of the seventeenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, shall remain and continue at the said Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the same shall be redeemed and paid off, according to the Proviso contained in, the said Act of the seventeenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, in that Behalf; that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said United Com are Empowered, pany, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the "hh Consent of Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, tllc Treasury, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, at such Time or Times, ac

and in such Manner, as they shall find to be most for the Advantage of the said United Company, to bor the several row, or take in by Subscription or otherwise, from any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Rates of interest who are willing to advance the same, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum st=ntcjby this of four million two hundred thousand Pounds, by Sale of Annuities, after the several Rates of Interest &c' following; that is to say, any Sum or Sums, not exceeding three million two hundred thousand Pounds, by Sale of Annuities, after the several Rates of Interest herein before proposed be paid, for the said Sum of three millon two hundred thousand Pounds, in case the same shall be subscribed on or before the said thirtieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and any Sum or Sums, not exceeding one million more, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum; all which said Annuities shall be paid and payable to the respective Persons and Corporations entitled thereunto, their Executors,

Administrators or Assigns, at the Office of the said United Company, out of the same Duties and Revenues, as the present Annuities payable to the said United Company, in respect of the said principal Sums of three million two hundred thousand Pounds, and one million, are now payable, and shall commence and.

he paid at such Feast Days, as shall be agreed upon between the said United Company, and the said several Contributors respectively; that the said Sum of four million two hundred thousand Pcdnds, so to

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

244

The Annuities ro be free of Taxes, and

and a Personal Estate subject to Redemption by Parliament.

The Powers given to the Company of rai sing Money by Bonds, See, continued $ the Money to go to paying their present Dond Debt.

Power given to his Majt: fl: y to borrow Money on the Sinking Fund, to pay off unsubscribed Annuities,

The reduced Annuities made payable and transferable as the four percents,

Books so be opened for taking in the Subscriptions,

Officers to attend in Office Hours.

A.D. 1750.

be advanced, or so much thereof as shall be advanced as aforesaid, and all and every the Annuities payable for or in respect of the same, shall be free of all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever; and shall be assignable or transferable in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, in the Office of the said United Company, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the said High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall direct in that Behalf, without Fee or Gratuity, and free from all Charges; and that the said Annuities shall be deemed and taken to be a Personal, and not a Real Estate, and shall go to the Executors or Administrators of the Person or Persons dying possessed thereof, interested therein, or in titled thereunto, and not to the Heir at Law; subject nevertheless to such or the like Proviso or Condition of Redemption by the Publick, as the said Sums of three million two hundred thousand Pounds, and one million, due to the said Company, would be subject, in case such Subscription by the said Company, u or before the said thirtieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and the said Sums had then remained due from the Public to the said Company.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Powers given to the said United Company, by several Acts of Parliament now in Force, of raising Money by Bonds under their Common Seal for the carrying on the Trade of the said Company, and lending Money on Bottomry, and otherwise, as in the said Acts, some or one of them is mentioned, shall continue and be in Force, but that the Amount of the Sums which the said United Company shall raise by Sale of Annuities by virtue of this Act, as aforesaid, shall be by them applied towards the Discharge of their present Bond Debt; and shall be computed and considered as Part of what they are so empowered to barrow.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorise and empower the Commissioners of the reasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to raise by Loans or Exchequer Bills, or by Way of Subscription, or in such other Manner or Formas his Majesty shall, in his great Wisdom, think most for the Advantage of the Public, from any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding such Part of the National "Debt, carrying an Interest of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Law, as hath not been subscribed in pursuance of an Act of this Session of Parliament, and shall not be subscribed according to the Proposal herein before mentioned, to be charged on the Sinking Fund, and to be applied to pay off and redeem such Part of the National Debt so unsubscribed as aforesaid, upon any Terms not exceeding the Rate of Interest in the aforegoing Proposal mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Annuities of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, now payable in respect of the said Principal Sum unsubscribed by the Proprietors thereof, and by this Act continued to them until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, as also the several reduced Annuities of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum., and three Pounds per Centum per Annum, by this Act made payable in lieu thereof from the respective Days therein mentioned, shall, during the respective Continuances thereof, be paid and payable to the respective Persons and Corporations in titled thereunto, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, at the same respective Offices and Places, and out of the same Duties, Revenues and Incomes, and at such Time and Times, and shall be nffignable, transferable and disposable in the same Manner and Form, as the said Annuities of four Pounds per Coitmn per Annum are now payable, assignable, transferrable and disposable by the respective Acts and Statutes now in Force, for or concerning the same, and as if this present Act had never been made; subject nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament, from the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, in Manner herein after mentioned; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall forthwith be prepared and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, and also at the respective Offices of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South Seas, and for encouraging the Fishery, commonly called the South Sea Company, a Book or Books for taking in Subscriptions, or receiving the Consent of such Person or Persons as now are or shall he interested in, or entitled unto, any Part of the said now unsubscribed Annuities or Interests, after the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, who are willing to accept of an Annuity of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum in lieu thereof, from the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, until the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; and of an Annuity of three Pounds percentiim per Annum, from the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, to the End the Proprietors of the said Annuities, after the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, may make their Subscriptions, and give their con fents in the said respective Book or Books, under a proper Preface to be prepared for that Purpose, by subscribing their respective Sums and Names, with his, her or their respective proper Additions; which said Books shall constantly lie open at the said Receipt of Exchequer, and other the Public Offices aforesaid, for that Purpose, every Day. (Sundays excepted) until the said thirtieth Day of A lay one thousand seven hundred and fifty inclusive, and no longer; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietors of the said Annuities of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, or such Person or Persons - he, she or they have authorised, or shall espectively authorise and empower, by Writing in that Behalf, to subscribe or consent for them, in Manner aforesaid, to have free Access to the said respective Books, at all seasonable Hours, and they have hereby Power to make their Subscriptions, or give their Consents, for the Whole Sum or Sums due to them, or any of them, according to this Act, without any Fee or Charge whatsoever; the several and respective Officers in the said Receipt of Exchequer, and other the public Offices aforesaid, appointed to take in the said Subscriptions, or receive such Consents, as aforesaid, hall, during the Time

aforesaid.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

C 2 2.

245

aforesaid, constantly attend at the said respective Offices for that Purpose, at such Hours as Business is usually transadied at the said several and respective public Offices; and the several and respective Officers at Notice to be the said Receipt, and other the public Offices aforesaid, are hereby required to cause public Notice there the

of to be forthwith affixed in their respective Offices, and at the Royal Exchange, and also to publish in the uns London Gazette, that such Books are prepared and lie open in the said respective Offices for receiving such Consent, and taking such Subscriptions, as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Subscribers ln Politic or Corporate, who have or shall, on or before the said thirtieth Day of May one thousand seven tit!ed to the fr

pt of an said twen

veral Rates ot Interest mentioned in this

hundred and fifty, have subscribed, or given their Consent in the Book or Books aforesaid, to accep Irterest or Annuity after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, from the fai ty fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, until the said twenty-fifth Day of December a. one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; and of an Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, in lieu of their present Annuities of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, Dial I have, receive and enjoy, and they are hereby declared to be entitled to an Annuity of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, from the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, until the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; and to an Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the said twenty-fifth Day of dece?nber one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, redeemable by Parliament, in Manner herein after mentioned; and the said Annuities of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and three pounds/>er Centum per Annum, and the Principal or Capital for which the same shall be payable, are hereby declared, and shall be adjudged, taken and accepted in Construction of Law, and in all Courts of Law and Equity whatsoever, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to be a Personal Annuities to F, e and not a real Estate, and shall go to the Executors or Administrators of the Person or Persons dying possessed apersonalethie, thereof, interested therein, or entitled thereunto, and not to the Heirs of such Person or Persons; Law,

Statute, Custofn or' Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the said Annuities shall be free from all 2n, t free from Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever, in the same Manner as they now are. Taxes.

XI. And it is her. by enacted and declared, That it shall and may he lawful for all Executors, Admini Executors, C strators, Guardians, Trustees, Committees of the Estates of Idiots or Lunatics, and the Accomptant Ge indemnified for neral of the Court of Chancery, and the Deputy Remembrancer of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, to not fubfaioing» make, or cause to be made, Subscriptions in the said Book or Books, signifying their Consent to accept an

Interest: or Annuity of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, from the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, until the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and of an Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, for and on the Behalf of their respective Testators, Infants, Minors, Femes Covert, Idiots or Lunatics, and the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, and of the said Court of Exchequer, and others, for whom they are or shall be respectively mtrufted; and such Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Trustees, Committees and Accomptant General, and Deputy Remembrancer, are, and shall be, by virtue of this Act, indemnified in and for doing the same.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three Treasury to tc or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the fray the charges Treasury for the time being, shall! have Power, and they are hereby authorised, out of any Money remaining of Aa

in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the Duties, Revenues and Incomes appropriated for the Payment of the said Annuities of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to reward all such Persons as shall be any ways employed in the Execution of this Act, in relation to the taking in such Subscriptions, or receiving such con fents as aforesaid, and to defray all such incident charges, as shall necessarily attend the Execution of the said Act, in such Manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable.

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Duties, Revenues and In Funds appropri comes which are now appropriated, subject or applicable to the Payment of the Laid Annuities of four Pounds ated fr, p3vm ent per Centum per Annum, shall, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hun and ^nfubferibs* died and fifty, be subject and liable to the Payment of such of the said Annuities of four Pounds per Centum Annuities.

per Annum, as shall not be subscribed, in case any shall be unsubscribed, and also the said reduced Annuities of three Pounds ten Shilling per Centum per Annum, and three Pounds per Centum per Annum, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same were liable and subject to the Payment of the said Annuities of four Pounds per Centum per Annum -, and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, of or For the several Duties, Revenues and Incomes, appropriated, subject or liable to the Payment of the said unsubscribed Annuities, and of the said reduced Annuities of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and three Pounds per Centum per Annum, which shall be mere than sufficient to answer and pay the said respective Annuities; shall, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fiftjt, be applied to the fnme Uses, Intents and 'urposes, and in the same Manner, as the several Surnlufies, Excesses or Overplus Moneys of the said Duties, Revenues and Incomes are now applicable.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Claufrof re twenty fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, the said reduced Annuities of three dcmptlyn' Pounds - per Annum shall and may be redeemed, by Parliament, upon giving the same Notices,

and making the same Payments of Principal Money at a Time to such Persons or Corporations as now are,

1 or hereafter shall be, entitled to the said Annuities, and of all Arrearages of the said Annuities, as are directed to be given and made by the several and respective acts, by which the said several Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, were made payable, and front and after Payment of arty such Principal Money, to the said Persons or Corporations, a's'are or shall] lie entitled to the fiinic, a proportional Part of the said Annuities shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; anything, in this or any other former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

246 C 23s 24.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

CAP. XXIII.

ig Gen, 2. C 5. 2 C 4.

2.1 6v0. 2. <*. 33. 22 G 0. 2. C 4.6,

Explained and a Trended by 16 Geo. 2. c. 9. ardfarther by 28 Geo. 2. c. 14, to 13 isrf. j. C 47.

1 Geo. I. f. 18.

5 Geo. 1. c. 18.

2 Geo. 2. f. 19.

9 Geo. 2. c. 33. 22 Geo. a. C 49. His Majesty im powered To grant

An act to continue several Laws for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle; and for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the Killing of Cow Calves. Farthx continued and amended by 24 Geo. 2. c. 54. 25 Geo. 2. c. 31. 26 Geo. 2. c. 34. 27 Geo. 2. c. 14.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for the Encouragement of the british White Herring Fishery.

Per Tonnes herein tpemioned,

WHEREAS the carrying on, and Improvement of, the British White Herring Fisheries, are of fi great Importance to these Kingdoms, as they may be of great Advantage to the Trade and Navigation thereof, and may be a Means of employing and providing for great Numbers of industrious Poor,

provided the same could be carried on with a sufficient Stock, under proper Regulations, and that reason able Encouragements be given to such Persons as are willing to carry on the said Fisheries Therefore for the Encouragement of such Persons as are willing to carry on the said Fisheries, and for the better Regulation of the said Trade, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Management thereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal leitfrspatent to of Great Britain, to incorporate the Right Honourable Sir Samuel Pennant Lord Mayor of the City of lon incorporate the cim. Sir James Lowther Baronet, Sir Nathaniel Curzon Baronet, Sir Bouchier Wrcy Baronet, Sir Walter B locket Baronet, Sir Civil Which Baronet, Sir Richard Lloyd Knight, Edward Vernon Esquire, William Whitaker, Stephen Theodore Janssen and Slingsby Bethel, Esquires, Aldermen of the City of London; Lieutenant General Roger Handajyd, Lieutenant General Richard Onslow, Lieutenant General James Oglethorpe, Thomas Fanner can Esquire, Belters Cornevoall Esquire, William Willy Esquire, George Doddington Esquire, will liam Nor they Esquire, Charles Grey Esquire, William Davis Esquire, Edward Stevenson Esquire, Paul hum frey Esquire, John Edwards Esquire, Francis Crajleyne Esquire, Messieurs Neufvilie and Schuman, Andrew Drummond Esquire, Captain George Stevens, Robert, Crammond Esquire, Jeffery French Esquire, Master Michael Miller of Bristol, Master Robert Mackay, Master Jonathan Perry, Master Richard Baker, Master William Bovjden, John Banee Esquire Peter Synmond, Theodore Cock Esquire, George Dunbar Esquire, Taylor White Esquire, Master John Patten, Master Clark of the Old Jewry, Michael Wilkins

Conway Esquire, Archibald Stuart Esquire, John Spooner Esquire, Arthur Beardsly Esquire, Master Roger Hogg of Basinghall Street, master William Crammond, Master Hutchinson Muir, Master Robert Scott, Master George Spence, Master Robert Cady, Richard Taunton Esquire, William Belchier Esquire, William Thornton Esquire, Francis Guiyn Esquire, Peter Delme Esquire, Jonathan Watson Esquire, Thomas Salujhury Esquire, Richard Gilclart Esquire, John Hardman Esquire, Lawrence Dundas Esquire, Thomas Curtis Esquire, Michael Beecher Esquire, Joseph Percival Esquire, Edward /rew/zr/e.esquire, Alderman of the City of London, George Walker Esquire; all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who, in their own Right, or as Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, derived or to be derived from, by, or under, the original Proprietors, at any Time or Times hereafter, hall have, and be entitled to, any Part, Share or Interest of or in the Capital Surn of five hundred thousand Pounds herein after mentioned, so long as they respectively shall have any such Part, Share or Interest therein, to be one body.politick and Corporate, in Deed and in Name, by the Name of The Society of the Free British Fishery \ by that Name to have a Succession to continue for the Term of twenty-one Years, and to have a common Seal, with Power, from time to time, to choose their Governor, President, Vice-president, Council and other Officers, in such Manner, and under such Qualifications, with regard to the Electors and Elected, as shall be directed in such Letters Patent; the first Governor, President, Vice-president and Council, being qualified in the like Manner as all subsequent Governors, Presidents, Vice Presidents and Council, shall, by the said Letters Patent be directed to be qualified, and to continue in their respective Offices for the Space of three Years, from the Date of the said Letters Patent.

II. And be it further enacted by, the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by the said Letters Patent of Incorporation, to impqwer the said Society to make bylaws from time to time, for the Regulation and Government of the said Society; and for the Regulation and Management of the said Trade and Commerce which shall be carried on by them; and for the curing sorting and packing their White Herrings in such Manner, as effectually to secure the Credit of the said Commodities in Foreign Markets; and for the Government of the Servants, and others employed by the said Society in the said Fisheries.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Society, from time to time, to direct what Seals or Marks they shall think proper to be put on all or every Barrel or Cask of their Fish; that if any person or Persons whatsoever shall counterfeit such Seal or Mark, or shall knowingly affix such Seal or Mark, so counterfeited, to any. Barrel or Cask of Fish not belonging to die

Penalty of coun said Society, such Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds for each Offence, to be re terfeiting the covered by Action, plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in 1'arac the Court of Session in that Part of Great Britain called.Scotland; the one Moiety to be paid to the said Society,

and the other Moiety to be paid to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same.

The Societyim

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, powered to raise by his said Letters Patent, to empower the said Society, by a voluntary Subscription, to raise the Sum of five a Capital of hundred thousand Pounds; which said Sum, when so raised, shall be the Capital Stock of the said So. 5°°, qoo. ^ty; and to djrc<5l how the Property of the Persons subscribing may be ascertained, transferred and alienated.

by the Name of the Society of the Free British Fisheryj for a I Years.

Society empowered to make bylaws j

and to direct what Seals or "Marks shall be put on every Barrel of Fish.

A.D. 1750. Anno vicesimo tcitio Georgii II. c. 24. 247

A"

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his said majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by the said Letters Patent, to empower the said Society, or such Part thereof, as shall in the said Letters Patent be for that Purpose named, to make Calls, and direct the Payment of any and to make Part of the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, which any Person or Persons shall subscribe towards Calls for Pay. carrying on the said Undertaking, at such Times as the said Society, or such Part thereof as shall be for that of, the Purpose named, shall direct and appoint; so as the first Payment directed to be made, shall be made within thectime"of the Space of thirty Days from the Time of such Subscription, and be after the Rate of ten Pounds by the Payment, and Hundred of the whole Sum subscribed, and so as the second Payment be after the Rate of ten Pounds by the the Sums, hundred of the Sum subscribed; and that the other Payments be pursuant to the Direction of a general Court of the said Society, which shall be for that Purpose assembled, or a Majority of them; and in case any Per The Society may son or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay any Money which shall be so called for by the said Society, at ^)1t^s^rcs the Times when the same shall be appointed to be paid, Notice of such Call being given in the London Ga u( ' o °jfe- zette by the said Society at least thirty Days before the Day appointed for such Payment, it shall be lawful Notice uf Call for the said Society to sell and dispose of so much of the Share or Stock of the Person or Persons so neglect in the Gazette, ing or refusing, as shall produce the Sum which such Person or Persons ought to have paid on such Call;

Provided that ah such Money which shall be so subscribed and directed to be paid, shall be paid into the Subscriptions to ank of England, on Account of the said Society. be paid into the

VI. And be it further enacted, That for an Encouragement to such Persons as shall become Subscribers Ljn ' to the said Stock for carrying on the said Fisheries, that the Suhi of three Pounds by the Year, for each 31 pet Cent, per hundred Pounds which shall be aftiinlly employed in the said Fishery, and proportionally for any greater or sulnstmpbved2 lester Sum, shall be paid to the Proprietors of the said Stock, for and during the Space of fourteen Years; n the Fiftery to from the Date of the raid Charter, out of the Customs, by the receiver-general of his Majesty's Customs, be paid to the by equal half yearly Payments; and to the End it may be known, what Sums shall from time to time be Society for 14. actually expended or employed by the said Society in the said Fishery, an Account shall be delivered to the ears Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs of the Sums which shall be so expended or employed; and the said Account shall be produced by the Accomptant of the said Society, who shall, if required by the Commit An Account of sioners, produce his Vouchers, distinguishing the several Articles in which the said Sums shall be so expended 'he said Sums to or employed, which Account shall be signed by Three, at least, of the Council of the said Society, as an At lyto thecom - testation that they have examined the said Account, and believe the same to be just; and such Account shall mihioners of the also be attested by the Oath of the Accomptant of the said Society, that he believes the same to be a just Customs and true Account; which Oath shall he made before any Two Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs (who are hereby empowered and required to administer the said Oath) and shall be wrote at the Foot of the said Account; and the said Oath and Account shall be left in the Custody of the Commissioners, and thereupon they, or any three of the said Commissioners, shall make Order that Payment be made by the receiver-general of his Majesty's Customs to the said Society, or such Personas shall be by them empowered to receive the same, after the Rate aforesaid, for such Sums as by such Account shall appear to be so actually employed or expended by the said Society, in or on account of the said Fishery.

VII. Provided, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Society shall employ too, cool, to be the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds at least in the said Fisheries, within the Space of eighteen Months txrietwkhin2 after the Date of such Subscription; and that for the Manifestation of the Sums which shall be so employed, Gloruhs frum by the said Society, the Accounts of the said Society shall be annually laid before Parliament; and if Loss th; d.ueof the should arise by any year's Adventure, and there should be Gain by the succeeding Years, the said Gain shall Subscription. be applied so as to complete and make good the vessels and Fishing Stock, to the full Value of the said The Accounts to original Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, before any Dividend shall be made out of the said Gain.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Sums as shall bona Jide Sums contracted be contracted to be paid within six Months, shall be deemed employed within the Sense and Meaning of to be paid in fi this Act, in case so much Money of the said Company as will be sufficient to answer the said Contrasts re Months decmt ft' spectively, shall, at the Time of making the same, be in the Bank of England, and there remain for the 10 be el, P °y«j purpose of paying the same; such contrasts being in Writing, and signed or executed in the Presence of two Witnesses.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Transfer shall be made of any of the No Transfer to said Stock or Share of or in the said five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Space of five Years from the be madpef the date of the said Charter; but that the same shall be absolutely void to all Intents and Purposes what stock for five soever. Years.

X Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the Executors and Administrators or Devisees of Executors and any Person or Persons who shall happen to die possessed of, or interested in any such Stock or Share of or in Assignees of the said five hundred thousand Pounds, and also for the Assignees under any Commission of Bankrupts, to Bankrupts, e. transfer such Stock or Shares, and dispose of the Produce thereof, in such Manner, as they may by Law dif rr'a V n msfer. pose of any other Eft'efts of such Testator, Intestate or Bankrupt.

XI. And be it further enacted, That as a further Encouragement to all Persons whatsoever, as well Bodies 30s. ocr Tonne Politic and Corporate as others, and also the Persons who shall be so incorporated, to engage in the said Bounty 'otepaid White Herring Fisheries, that a Bounty of thirty Shillings ton shall be paid annually, out of such "i: o14°

Sums as shall be produced out of his Majesty's Customs, to the Owner or Owners of all Decked Vessels, jtvcfrk buftt from twenty to eighty Tonnes Burden, which shall be built, after the Commencement of this Act, for the forthcfilhcriej, Use of the said Fisheries, and fitted out and employed in the said Fisheries, whether by the said Society, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, in Manner, anil under the Regulations herein after mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Buss or Vessel, which shall be employed in the said Conditions at White Herring Fisheries, by the said Society, or whole Owners shall be intitled to the Bounty of thirty Slid the Bounty, lings per Tonne, by virtue of this Act, shall be a Decked Buss or Vessel, built in Great Britain, after the Commencement of this Act; and shall proceed on the said Fishery from some Port in Great Britain, manned and 3 navigated

248 C 24.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

A.D.

175<

navigated as by the Law now in Force is direhed: And before such Buss or Vessel proceed on such Voyage, or be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, she shall be visited by such Officer or Officers of the Customs belonging to such Sort, who shall be appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs to examine into such Buis or Vessel; who hall take an Account of the Tonnage thereof by Admeasurement, and shall certify such his or their Vifltation, Examination and Admeasurement, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, and that, she. hath on Board such a Quantity of Fishing Nets and other Stores to be used in the said Fishery, as herein after are mentioned, and otherwise is a proper Vessel to be employed in the Paid Fishery: upon its further appearing by the Oath of one or more Owner or Owners, or Agent appointed by them, or of a proper Officer or Agent of the said Society (who shall be appointed for that purpose) and of the Master or Chief Officer of such Vessel, written at the Foot of the said Certificate, and made before the collehor and Comptroller of such Port, who are hereby empowered and required to administer the same, That it is really and truly their firm Purpose and determined Resolution, that such Bufi or Vessel shall proceed respectively, so manned, furnished ami accoutred, either to Braffey's Sound in Shetland, and be it the Rendezvous of the said Fishery there, on or before the eleventh Day of June, and shall not shoot or wet their Net before the thirteenth Day of the said Month of June, and shall continue following and fishing amongst the Shoals of Herring, as they move Southward, to the first: Day of osiober, or shall proceed to Campbell Town in Argyllshire, and be it the Rendezvous of the said Fisheries, on or before the first Day of September, and shall continue fishing among the Shoals of Herring, as they move, to the thirty first Day of December, unless they shall have sooner completed their Loading of Fish; shall fish in an orderly and regular Manner, without impeding or obstruhing other Vessels which shall be employed in the said Fishery; shall keep a Journal of their Proceedings, and an Account of what Quantities of Fish they shall dispatch away to Foreign Markets in their Jaggers or Tenders, before they come into Port, besides the particular (Quantity they shall bring into Port with them: And if, after such Certificate had, and Oath made, such Owner or Owners, or Officer or Agent of the said Society, and Master or chief Officer of such Vessel, as aforesaid, do also become bound, with two sufficient Sureties, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of such Sum as shall be equal to treble the Bounty on the Tonnage of his Vessel, intended by this Act (which Bond the collehor, with the Approbation of the Comptroller, is hereby required to take, and is to be III Force for the Space of three Years, against the Maflerand his Sureties) for the faithful Dealing of his said Master and ship's Company, in regard to the said Vessel and Voyage; then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the collehor and Comptroller of such Port to give and grant, and they are hereby required to give and grant to the Master and Owners of such Buss or Vessel, full Licence and Authority to proceed on such Voyage as aforesaid.

XIII. And to prevent any Disputes which may arise, whether a Vessel be properly qualified and duly fitted out for the Herring Fishery, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act:, and entitled to a Ccr

be qualified' C t'*'lcate frorn the ctiftom house Officers; it is hereby enacted, That every such Vessel shall be a decked Vef ' iel, built in Great Britain, after the Commencement of this Act, and shall have on Board twelve Winchester

Bushels of Salt for every Last of Fish, which such Vessel is capable of holding, which Salt shall be barrelled up in new Barrels, and as many more new Barrels as such Buis or Vessel is capable of carrying, and fh.tfl have two Fleets of Tanned Nets, proper for the Herring Fishery; that is to say. That every such Buss or Vessel of the Burden of seventy ons, and designed for this Fishery, shall on her proceeding to Sea, have on Board one Fleet of fifty Nets, each Net to be thirty Yards full upon the Rope, and seven Fathoms deep, and foin Proportion for any Vessels of a greater or Idler Tonnage, and be provided with one other Fleet of fifty like Nets, on Board a Jagger or Tender, which is to attend the said Fishery, or left on Shore in a proper Place, for the Use of the said Buss or Vessel.

Vessels of zo

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Vessel of twenty Tonnes, which shall be employed in Tonnes to have on the said Fishery, shall have on Board at such of the Places aforementioned, as shall be appointed for their Board 6 Men, Rendezvous, not less than six Men, and every Vessel of greater Burden, shall, over and above the six Men aforesaid, have one for every five Tonnes which fne shall exceed twenty Tonnes.

Officer of the

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Return of such Vessel into any Cu froms to go on p01-t of Great Britain, for her Discharge, the Chief Officer of the Customs, or such other Officer of the Customs as he shall appoint at such Port, shall immediately repair on Board such Vessel, and view the Condition of such Vessel and her Lading, and certify the same, together with their Observations thereon, and

How every vessel employed in

fel at herreturn; who is to certify

the tonnage, and also the real Tonnage of the said Buis or Vessel, and the said Officers are also to take an Account of the Names of the Names of the Master and other Persons on Board, and to certify the same; and the Master shall make Oath ftc' before the Collector and Comptroller of such Port (who are hereby empowered and required to administer m - oith" at same) which shall be wrote on the Back of, or annexed to the Licence granted as aforesaid, and which Lis VI flil was at they are hereby required to deliver up, and what they did in pursuance thereof, that such Vessel was at one one of the Places of the Places before mentioned, at the Time appointed by this Act, and has not since been on any other before mention Voyage, or pursued any other Design or View of Profit, and that they did remain fishing according to CI the Direfiton of this Act, and had at the Time of their Rendezvous the Quantity of Nets and other Stores,

Certificate, cf and Number of Men herein before directed to be on Board the said Vessel, and Jagger or Tender, or left to be transmitted on ggore as aforesaid; which Certificate, Schedule, Licence and Oath, together with the Account of sioners^rom*1' the Fish taken by the said Vessel, shall he transmitted by the Collector and Comptroller of such Port, to whence the Vas the respective Commissioners for that Part of Great Britain, from whence the Buss or Vessel departed with f. L departed; her Licence; and such Commissioners being fully satisfied of the faithful Dealings of the Master, and oilier who are to raufc Persons employed in such Vessels, with respeh to such Voyage and Fishing, shall, on Demand, cause Payment to Payment to be made to the Owner or Owners, or to his or their Assigns, by the receiver-general of the a e "*tr Customs, the Sunt of thirty Shillings pw Tonne, according to the Admeasurement i tilled as aforesaid.

Tonne.

: of such Vessel, duly cer

Bounty of 30 s. pei Tonne to be paid yearly for 14 Years,

XVI. Provided always, That such Bounty of thirty Shillings person aforesaid, shall be paid yearly, during the Space of fourteen Years, from the Commencement of this Act, and no longer, upon conforming to the Regulations of this Act.

C 25,

249

XVII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act shall be confirmed to extend to exclude any of his Majesty's Subjects, who shall not be Members of the said Society, or employed by them, from fishing, or carrying on the White Herring and Cod Fisheries, and any other whatsoever, in such Manner as they might have done, in case this Act had never been made.

XVIII. And whereas the Encouragement abovementioned ought to be extended, as far as may be, to all the Subjects of Great Britain: And whereas the supporting and enriching the Cities and Towns, being Ports, will be for the Security and Good of the Realm, by augmenting the Navigation, and Lengthening the Sea Coaffs; 'Be it therefore enacted, That any Number of Persons, who shall subscribe ten thousand Pounds, or upwards, into the Stock of the said Society, and shall carry on the said Fishery under their own Management, and on their own Account of Profit and Loss, conformably nevertheless to Directions of this Act, and of the said intended Charter, except as to their being obliged to use the Marks of the said Society, and from the Port named by them, if they do subscribe under the Name of The Fishing Chamber of such City, Town or Port respectively; and shall send their account of Moneys expended in the said Fisheries, which Account shall be atteffed by three of the Committee, to be appointed by the Majority of such subscribers, for managing the Matters of the said Chamber, and be also signed by a Person to be appointed by the Majority of such Subscribers, to be the accomptant of the said Chamber, who shall make Oath before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, that he verily believes the same is a true Account, the Vouchers whereof he shall produce, if required; the said Account shall be transmitted to the Governor and Council of the said Society at London; and the Accomptant of the said Society at London shall be empowered, and is hereby required to enter the same, as a Sum expended in the said Fisheries, by the said Society, in the Account winch he shall deliver in to the Commissioners of the Customs, as aforesaid; the said Chamber shall be entitled to, and receive yearly, three Pounds for every hundred Pounds, in the same Manner as the Society do for any other Moneys employed in the Fishery by the said Society, after deducting the necessary Charges and Expenses arising from the Receipt of the same.

XIX. Provided also, That such Chambers which shall so trade or fish on their own Account, shall not iiave any Profit or Loss arising from the Trade of the said Society.

from the Trade

XX. Provided always, That the receiver-general of his Majesty's Customs shall pay yearly the said Sum of three Pounds for every hundred Pounds, unto the said Society \rxlondon, or to such Person or Persons, as shall be by them empowered to receive the same; and the said Society shall pay over the said yearly Sum of three Pounds for every hundred Pounds, deducting the reout the necessary Charges of receiving the same, unto the respective Fishing Chambers entitled thereto, or to such Person or Persons as shall, by the said Chambers respectively, be empowered to receive the same.

espective Fishing Chambers, Concerning Ftp cry see farther 26 Geo. 2. c. 9. 23 Geo. 2. c. 14. 29 Geo. 2. ct 23 39. 30 Geo. 2. c. 21 Cf 30.

th's Act not to exclude any ot' his Majesty's Subjects

Persons subseri bing 10, 000 1* under the Name, of The Fishing Chamber,

who hall send their Accounts to the Society of London,

hall be entitled to 3 I. percent, per Anoum.

Fishing Chambers not to have any Profit, Sec. of the Society,

receiver-general to pay yearly 3 1, percent, to the Sceiety in London, who are to pay over the same to the 33 Geo. 2. c-27*

CAP. XXV.

An act for making good a Deficiency upon the Revenue of the Office of Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper, and for preventing any future Deficiency therein, to answer the public Services provided for out of the same 5 and for augmenting the Income of the Office of Maher or Keeper of the Rolls.

WHEREAS by an al of Parliament made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late 12 Geo. 1. c. 33. Majesty King George the i'irll, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery 3 after reciting (amongstotherthings) That Fleetivood Dormer and John Barrett, Esquires, both deceased, formerly Matters of the said Court, and Richard Godfrey and Edward Conway, Esquires, then Matters of the same Court, had been deficient in answering the Money and Effects ordered by the Court into their Hands, and which Deficiency, after deducting what should be made and produced out of the Estates and Effects of the said deficient Matters, and the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds given by his Majesty, on the Address of the House of Commons, towards the Relief of the said Suitors, amounted, gc 1 cording to the then Computation, to the Sum of fifty-one thousand eight hundred fifty-one Pounds nine teen Shillings and eleven Pence Farthing, besides several other Claims on the Offices of four of the said deficient Matters remaining, and which, if allowed, would greatly increase the said Deficiency; it was, for the Relief of the said Suitors, and making a Provision for Payment of their just Debts and Demands, en acted, That there should be raised, collected and paid, throughout England, the Dominion of Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the Term of Sixteen Years, from the second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any Original Writ (except such Original on which a Writ of Capias issues) Subpoena, Bill of Middlesex, La 4 titat. Writ of Capias, hio minus. Writ of Declimus Poteflatem to take Answers, examine Witnesses, or appoint Guardians, or any other Writ whatsoever, or any other Process or Mandate that should issue out

of, or pass the Seals of any of the Courts at Westminster, Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, Courts in Counties Palatine, or any other Court whatsoever holding Plea where the Debt or Damage doth amount to forty Shillings, or above, or the Thing in Demand is of that Value, should be ingrafted or written (Writs

of Covenant for levying Fines, Writs of Entry for suffering Common Recoveries, and Writs of Habeas Cor pus, always excepted) the Sum of sixpence; for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper upon which any Entry of any Action in the mayor's and Sheriffs Courts of London, and in Courts in all Corporations',

and other Courts whatsoever, out of which no Writs, Process or Mandates issue, holding Plea where the Debt or Damage doth amount to forty Shillings, or above, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of six '.pence; and for every Ticce of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which should be ingossed or written

1

o C 25. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 175c.

g Geo. 2. e,

any Citation or Monition made in any Ecclesiastical Court, the Sum of sixpence; and the said Sums and Duties so to be raised and collected, were thereby appointed to be under the Direction and Management of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties; and such Provision was made for the levying, receiving and enforcing the Payment of the same, as in the said Act is mentioned, expressed and provided in that Be 4 half: And it was thereby enacted, That the Money thereby to be raised and coll stead, should be paid into the Bank of England, and the said Court of Chancery was thereby empowered to borrow any Sum of Mo 4 ney upon the 'Fund thereby granted, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of sixty thousand Pounds: And it was thereby also enacted, That all the Money then deposited, or thereafter to be deposited in the Bank, on Account of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, or by Order of the said Court, and all the Mo 4 nies arising by the Rates and Duties given by the said Act, or borrowed thereon, and paid into the Bank, should be accounted and taken to be one common and general Cash, and should be promiscuously ifilzed and iflueable when and as the Court of Chancery should direct, for the answering, paying and clearing the Debts and Demands of any of the Suitors of the said Court: And whereas by another Act of Parlia 34, rnent made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing, for the Purposes therein mentioned, the additional Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, laid by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late majesty King George the First, after taking Notice of the said former Act, and that upon stating the total Deficiency of the said four Masters, and the Produce of the Fund made liable to, and appropriated for Payment of the same, it appeared that the Deficiency standing out on the eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, on the Offices of the said four Masters, was reduced to the Sum of twenty-four thousand eight hundred ninety one Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence; and that there was due from John Bennett Esquire, one other of the Masters of the Masters of the said Court of Chancery, to Humphry Bell a Suitor of the said Court therein mentioned, the Sum of eleven thousand four hundred eighty-five Pounds four Shillings and five Pence, with Interest; and that the said John Bennett had no Estate or Effects left to satisfy the said Debt, or any Part thereof; and that it was computed that the Duties granted by the former Act, would not he sufficient to raise the said two Sums of twenty-four thousand eight hundred ninety one Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence, and eleven thousand four hundred eighty-five. Pounds four Shillings and five Pence, unless the said Duties were farther continued, and the Time for raising the same enlarged, it is enacted, That the said Duties granted by the said former Act, should be continued, and be payable and paid upon the several Wrirs and Law Proceedings therein mentioned, for the farther Term of four Years, to be computed from the second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and forty-two; and that out of the Money which had arisen, and been collected by and out of the Duties directed to be levied by the said former Act, the said Sum of eleven thousand four hundred eighty-five Pounds four Shillings and five Pence, should be issued and paid out of the general and common Cam of the Bank, when and as the said Court of Chancery should direct,

in Satisfaction of the said Debt due from the said John Bennett, as aforesaid: it is thereby provided,

enacted and declared, That when and as soon as the Deficiency of the Suitors Money thereby, and hv the said former Act directed and appointed to be answered and paid, and all Money to be borrowed on the Credit of the same if necessary, should have been fully paid and satisfied; and from thenceforth, all the Surplus Money which should have been raised out of the said Duties, given, granted and continued by the said abovementioned Acts, over and beyond what should be sufficient for answering such Dc 4 ficiency, and Money lent, should he reserved for the Benefit of the Public, and should not be applied to any other Use or Uses than such as should be thereafter directed by Parliament: And whereas the said Deficiency; and all the Money provided and directed to be paid by the said former Acts, or either of them, by and out of the Fund thereby appropriated for that Purpose, have been fully paid and satisfied,

and there now remains in the Bank of England as a Surplus of the said Fund unapplied, the Sum of their teen thousand six hundred ninety-eight Pounds one Shilling and eleven Pence, subject to thcdisposition of Parliament: And whereas the Office of Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper in Chancery is a very ancient Of 4 fice, held and enjoyed by Grant from his Majesty's Royal Predecessors, Kings and Queens of this Realm,

and the yearly Revenue thereof, confuting of several certain yearly Rents or Sums, reserved upon Grants made by the Crown of the several Offices, commonly called the Seal or Green Wax Office, the Alienation 4' Office, and the Sixpenny Writ Office, in Chancery (the Grant of which last mentioned Office is now ex pired and determined) and also of fiees paid upon Grants, Commissions and other Patents puffing under the Great Seal, which are uncertain and contingent, hath constantly been issued and applied in and for the Payment of several ancient Sees, Salaries and Allowances belonging to the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, the Master of the Rolls, the Masters in Chancery, Clerk of the Parliaments,

and other Officers attending the Parliament and Great Seal, and of several Bills and Disbursements always paid and allowed out of the Revenues of the Hanaper Office: And whereas the Office of Master or Keeper of the Rolls, is an Office of great Trust and Consequence to the Public, and the Revenue belonging thereto is not adequate to the Trouble, Dignity and Importance of the said Office: And whereas rhcln come or Revenue of the said Office of the Htuapcr, hath not for several Years last past been sufficient to answer and pay the several Sees, Salaries, Allowances and Disbursements, issuing and payable out of the same; and there remained due and in Airear, at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, to the several Persons claiming and entitled to inch Sees, Salaries, Allowances and Disbursements respectively, several Sums of Money, amounting together to the Sum of ten thousand five hundred ninety Pounds twelve Shillings and elevenpence; and as the Revenue of the Hanaper Office will, in all Pro liability, still continue to be deficient, not only the present Debt upon the said Office will be lost, but the Services to which the same for the future are to be applied, will remain unprovided forwherefore, and in order to make a Provision for the Payment of the said Debt, and Arrears incurred upon the ha nuper Office; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

1

t

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

C 25. 251

Out of the Sum of 13, 69s I. rs. II d. Surplus unapplied, 10, 550 1. 12 s.

11 d. is to be paid to the Creditors of the Hanaper, as the Court of Chancery ah all direct.

Certificates of the Draughts for Payment to be transmitted to the Clerk of the Hanaper, See. Certificates to be filed, and the Vouchers deli vcred to the Auditor

thority of the same, That out of the said Sum of thirteen thousand six hundred ninety-eight Pounds one Shilling and eleven Pence, now remaining in the barrkof England, as the Surplus unapplied, of the Fund given and granted by the said former acts of Parliament, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and so referred for the Disposition of Parliament as aforesaid, there shall be issued and paid such Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole, the said Sum of ten thousand five hundred and ninety Pounds twelve Shillings and eleven Pence, herein before mentioned, to be due and in arrear at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, to the Creditors upon the Office of Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper as aforesaid, when, and as the Court of Chancery flrall order and direct, in Satisfaction of the said Debt, and Arrears to the several Persons entitled to the same respectively; and as often as the Accomptant General of the said Court shall, in pursuance of any such Order of the said Court, give a Draught upon the Bank of England, for any of the said Debts or Arrears, Certificates thereof from the said Accomptant General (which Certificates he is hereby required to make without See or Reward) shall be transmitted to the Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper, together with proper Vouchers of the Payment of the said Debts and Arrears, specifying to whom such Payments shall have been made, and to what Time the same flrall extend, to the end the same may be brought into the Account of the Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper, to be by him passed before one of the Auditors of the said Revenue; and all such Certificates shall, from time to time, be filed in the said Office of Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper, and the Vouchers to be transmitted therewith, are to be delivered over to the said Auditor.

II. And your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, being desirous to provide for and supply any future Deficiency of the Income and Revenue of the said Hanaper Office, to answer the several Services aforesaid, and to discharge the several Sees, Salaries and Allowances, ilfuing and payable out of the said Revenue; and being also desirous to augment the Revenue of the Office of Master or Keeper of the Rolls; do give and grant unto your Majesty, for the Purposes aforesaid, the several Duties granted by the said first recited AD, upon the several Writs and Law Proceedings therein mentioned, to be respectively applied and disposed of, in the Manner, and for the' Purposes herein after mentioned, expressed and declared; and therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it further enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That the said Duties granted by the said AD of the twelfth Year Duties payable of the p.eign of his late Majesty, for the Term of sixteen Years, and continued by the said AD of the ninth upon Writs, C Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the farther Term of four Years, and which expired in the Month of August one thousand seven hundred and forty six, shall be, and the same are hereby revived, and shall by virtue of this AD be payable and paid upon the several Writs and Lav Proceedings in the said former acts mentioned, from the twenty-fourth Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty, for ever; and that all the Penalties, Powers, Remedies, Provisions and directions in the said former acts provided and contained, for and concerning the raising, levying, collecting, securing and managing the same, and defraying the Expellees thereof, shall be revived, and be, from time to time, and at all Times from thenceforth, applied, exercised, practised and executed, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Had been or were in this AD repented, and again particularly en acted.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Officer and Officers, who shall be concerned in the raising, levying, collecting, receiving, managing and applying the Duties arising by virtue of and under this AD, flrall and do keep separate and distinct Accounts thereof, and pay the same into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, weekly on every Wednesday, unless it be an holiday; in that Case on the next Day after which shall not be an holy day.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall he provided and kept in the said Exchequer a Book or Books, wherein a separate and distinct Account of all the Money to be paid in weekly in pursuance of this AD, shall be entered and kept, and that out of the Money arising and to be produced, by and from the Duties granted by this AD, and hereby directed to be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall be issued and paid unto the Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper Office for the time being, or his Deputy, a yearly Sum not exceeding the Sum of three thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, by equal half yearly Payments, at or on the twenty-fifth Day of March, and twenty-ninth Day of September, in every Year; the first Payment thereof to begin and to be made, at or on the twenty-ninth Day of September, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and and fifty (for the issuing of which yearly Sum, no See or Gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken) and that the Receipt or Receipts of the Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper for the time being, or his Deputy, shall from time to time, be a sufficient and effectual Discharge for the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Residue of the ftiid thirteen thousand six hundred ninety-eight Pounds one Shilling and eleven Pence, Surplus Cash in the Bank of England, after satisfaction of the said Debt, due from the Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper in Chancery, at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, as aforesaid, shall be placed out at Interest on Government Securities, under the direction of the said Court of Chancery, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accomptant General of the said Court, and placed to the Account of the Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper in Chancery, and that the Interests or Dividends, and yearly Proceed arising therefrom, be, from time to time, paid to the Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper for the time being, or his Deputy, in order to be applied in Aid of the said revived Duties, to make good the said Annual Sum of three thousand Pounds, granted to his Majesty out of the said Duties as aforesaid, and that the Receipt or Receipts of the Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper for the time being, or his Deputy, shall, from time to time, be a sufficient and effectual Discharge for the same.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said yearly Sum of three thousand Pounds, so to be paid to, and received by the Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper for the time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, and granted by 12 Geo. 1. continued for ever 5

to commence from 24 June 17 o.

Officers to keep distinct Accounts of the Duties, and to pay the same into the Exchequer Weekly.

Books to be kept for entering the Moneys arising by the Duties,

3, 000 1. to be paid yearly out of the same to the Clerk of the Hanaper, half yearly.

Residue to be put out at Interest, on Government Seed rities

the Interest to be paid to the Clerk of the I ianaper.

The laid yearly Sums and interest, to be

252

accounted for as Part of the Revenue of the Hanaper j

and 1, 200 1. to the Mailer of the Rolls.

Clerk of the Hanaper to account for Surpluses.

Deficiencies in the Hanaper Office, how to be made good.

Deficiencies of one Year to be made good out of the surpluf fes of another Year.

The Surplus of the Duties to be dispo ed of by Parliament,

A 25. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

also the yearly interc ft, Dividends and Proceed, which fit all arise or be prodcced from the Surplus Cash in the Bank of England, as aforesaid, shall, front time to time, as the same shall conte in and be received, be issued, paid, applied, and accounted for, together with and as Part of the ordinary Income and Revenue of the elu naper Office, to and for suck and the same Ends, Intents and Purposes, and in such and the same Man, as the Income and Revenue of the said Office hath, from time to time, been issued, paid, applied, and accounted for; and also for the Payment of the yearly Sum of twelve hundred Pounds, to the Mailer or Keeper of the Rolls for the time being, by equal half yearly Payments, at or on the twenty-fifth Day of March, and the twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year; the first Payment thereof to begin and be made at or on the twenty-ninth Day of September, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand fc ven hundred and fifty.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the yearly Income and Revenue of the said Office of Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper augmented by virtue of this present Act, shall, at any Time or Times hereafter be more than sufficient to answer and pay the said yearly Sum of twelve hundred Pounds to the Matter or Keeper of the Rolls for the time being, and also the several Sees, Salaries and Allowances paid and payable out of the same as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, the said Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper for the time being, shall be accountable for such Overplus, and upon a Certificate thereof from one of the Auditors of the im prett (which Certificate such Auditor is hereby authorised and required, from time to time, in every such Case, to make and transmit to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being) such Overplus ball, from time to time, as often as it shall so happen, be carried on to the Account of the subsequent Year of the said Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper, who shall stand charged therewith, in such subsequent Account, and only so much of the said yearly Sum of three thousand Pounds shall be paid to the said Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper, or his Deputy, for and towards the next subsequent Payment or Payments, as with such Overplus to be ascertained by such Certificate as aforesaid, will be sufficient to answer and pay the said yearly Sum of twelve hundred Pounds to the Matter or Keeper of the Rolls for the time being, and the several Sees, Salaries and Allowances paid and payable out of the same.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case the yearly Income and Revenue of the said Office of Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper, augmented by virtue of this present Act as aforesaid, shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, fall short or prove deficient to answer and pay the said yearly Sum of twelve hundred Pounds, to the Matter or Keeper of the Rolls for the time being, and the several Sees, Salaries and Allowances paid and payable out of the same as aforesaid, then and in such Case, from time to time, as it shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them for the time being, out of any Money that is or shall be in the Exchequer, that hath arisen or shall arise, by and from the said revived Duties granted and directed to be paid by this Act, not otherwise applied by Parliament, to direct such Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding what shall have been laved in former Years, by less having been paid to the said Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper or his Deputy, 'than the annual Sum of three thousand Pounds as aforesaid, to be issued and paid unto the Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper for the time being, or his Deputy, as shall be necessary for the answering and Applying such Deficiency, so from time to time happening, to be ascertained by a Certificate from one of the Auditors of the Impressed, to be directed to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in that Behalf, in the Manner aforesaid, and that the Receipts of such Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper or his Deputy, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so issued and paid as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That in case the said revived Duties, and the Intcrett or yearly Proceed of the said Surplus Cash in the Bank of England, shall in any one Year produce less, and in another more than the Sum of three thousand Pounds, then, and in such Case, from time to time, as it shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Treasurer, or commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them, for the time being, to order such Deficiencies to be made good out of such Surplusses, so as the whole Money to be issued, paid and applied to the Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper or his Deputy, out of the said Moneys arising from the said revived Duties, and the Interest and yearly Proceed of the said Surplus Cash in the Bank of England, do not one Year with another, exceed the yearly Sum of three thousand Pounds, designed to be provided for the said Office by this Act.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the Residue and Surplus of the Money arising by the Duties and other Provittons, given, granted, made or directed by this Act, which shall, from time to time remain after, and shall not be issued and applied in and for the Payment of the several yearly and other Sums of Money hereby directed to be issued and paid as aforesaid, shall be, and the same is hereby reserved for the Benefit of the Public, and shall not be applied to any other Use or Uies, than such as shall be hereafter di j efted by Parliament.

A.D. 1750. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 26. 253

CAP. XXVI.

An act to continue several Laws for the better regulating of Pilots, for the conducting of Ships and V elk Is from Dover, Deal, and isle of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway; and for permitting Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to be landed before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and to continue and amend an Act for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and several pa riilo.es near ther.unto; and to continue several Laws for.preventing Exactions of Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River Thames Westward; for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; and for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; and also to amend so much of an act made in the first Year of the Reign of King George the Firfh, as relates to the better Preservation of Salmon in the River Ribhle; and to regulate Fees in Trials at Assizes, and Nisi Prius, upon Records issuing out of the Office of Picas of the Court of Exchequer; and for the apprehending of Persons in any County or Place, upon Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace in any other County or Place; and to repeal so much of an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Time during which the Office of Excise is to be kept open each Day, and to appoint for how long Time the same shall be kept open upon each Day for the future; and to prevent the Pealing or destroying of Turnips; and to amend an Act made in the second Year of his present Majesty, for better Regulation of at tcrnies and Solicitors.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned (which have by Experience been found useful an 1 beneficial j are near expiring May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's moll: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better regulating - Geo. i. C t,

of Pilots sir the conducing of Ships and vessels from Dover, Deal, and, Isle of Thanet, up the River of Thames

and Medway; which was to continue in Force for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then

next Session of Parliament; and also a Clause for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the isle

of Thanet, in an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, which was to be in Force 7 3. C 2u

during the Continuance of the said Act of the third Year of his said late majesty's Reign; which said Act, §.4.

together with the said Clause, were, by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, iogeo. ic, 17.

continued in Force for the further Term of eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament; and which said Act, together with the said Clause, were, by an Act made in the eighth s Geo.

Year of his present Majesty's Reign, further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be,

and the same are hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth Day of further coir.i

March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and front thence to the End of the then next Session of nuea to 25,

Parliament. March 17c4.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the fifteenth Part of 15 Geo.

and sixteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to empower the Importers or Proprietors 2. C 25. rela of Rum or Spirits of ra British Sugar Plantations to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise char ung_to the ged thereon, and to lodge the same in jfarehouses at their own Expense; and for the Relief of Ralph Barrow in vff'

rrfpcfl to the Duty on fonie Rock Salt lojl by the Overflowing of the Rivers Weaver and Dane, as relates to the ^ent of the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the duties of Excise, and Dudes,

to the Lodging of the same in Warehouses at the Expense of the Importers or Proprietors thereof; which continued to was to continue in Force until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty 29 Sept. 1757. nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby Farther continued further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven y V Ge' hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. r' 3

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the nineteenth Year of rggeo. 2. C 35. the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act more esse finally to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed

j in the adrr.eafuremir.t of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lan continued to 24 caller adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and fuel: PA" 0 part of tue Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex, which was to continue in nui; j by 4gco. Force Irom the twenty-fourth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty six, for the erm of C 57. three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall lie, and the same Sind again by is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty fourt jiday of dehhiber one 31 3- 0.35.

thousand seven handled and fifty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament., }z gca 'i'

IV. And whereas by the said Act no Penalty is laid either upon the Principal Land coal metres, in case CL ' they shall neglect to station the Labouring coal metres at all the several Wharves within the Limits deferi bed in the said Act, or upon the said Labouring coal metres, in case they shall neglect to attend and perform their Duty at such Wharves as in the said Act is directed For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the

A lit ho

2 54-

26.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

Penalty on the piincij.vil Land

Authority aforesaid, That if the said Principal Land coal metres, or either of them, shall neglect to Ration Labouring coal metres at all the said respective Wharves, on the Days, and at the Times, which by coal 't.eters, not t]le said act are specially dirafted, such Principal Land coal metres, or either of them, so neglecting, shall, touringncoal (or evi: ry iuc^ Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds; and if any Labouring coal metre or coaf metres so Rationed by the Principal Land coal metre or coal mcters at any Wharf, as aforesaid, shall not attend and perform hisjor their Duty, at the Time, and in such Manner, as by the said at is specially directed, such shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings; unds, and forty Shillings, shall be recovered, levied and applied,

touring ireters; and on tj e Labouring coal jne ers net attending.

Conferni rig Cvals, Jee farther 30

Labouring coal metre or coal merers which said several Penalties of ten Po in the like Manner as any other Penalty is directed to be recovered, levied and applied by the said Act.

ijgeo. 2. C is.

20 Geo. 2. 0.47.

22geo.2. C 46. continued to 3 June 3751. IX See 24 Cieo. 2. C 8.

2 Geo. 2. c. 36.

S Geo. 2. c. 21.

continued to 15 March 1764.

1 Geo. 1. c. 18. 14-

Geo. z. C 19. 31 Geo. 2. c. 15. 32 Geo. 2. c. 27. 33 Geo. z, C 15*

3 Geo. C 11. V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an act made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reviving and amending an Act made in the sixth and fc venth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River Thames Westward; for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; which was to continue in Force from the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirty, for the Term of nine Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and which, by another Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; and which, by another Act made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (entitled, An Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the aler ebants Service) which was to be in Force for five Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which Act was by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, (entitled, An Act for the better preventing fresh Fish taken by Foreigners, being im poi ted into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fiji); and for the giving Leave to import Lob Jlers and Turlmts in Foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within Jseveral Rivers, in that Part of this Kingdom called England) all Persons whatsoever were restrained under the Penalties, Forfeit ures, and Punishments therein mentioned, from taking, killing, destroying, or wilfully hurting Salmon of any Kind or Size whatsoever, in the River Rilble in the County of Lancaster, and other Rivers therein particularly named, between the last Day of July and the twelfth Day of novftr.ber for ever; which 4 j^.eftraint hath been found inconvenient as to the said River Ribble, by reason that the Time limited for restraining the taking Fish therein, is not properly suited or adapted to the Fishing Seasons there, so as to answer the Intention of the said Act, but it would be much more advantageous to the Salmon Fisheries in that River, if Persons were restrained from taking, killing, destroying, or wilfully hurting any Salmon in the said River Ribble, betwixt the fourteenth Day of September and the second Day of January yearly,

and were at Liberty to take and kill the same the Remainder of the Year Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Owners and Proprietors of the Fisheries and Fishings in the said River Ribble, and every other Person or Persons entitled to fish therein, and their and every of their leitees, Tenants, Servants and Agents, and every of them, at any Time or Times hereafter, betwixt the first Day of January and fifteenth Day of September in any Year, to take and kill by any lawful Ways or Means whatsoever, any Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, in their respective Fisheries and Places within the said River Ribble, and to sell any of the Fish so taken between the Times aforesaid; thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.'

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall! at any Time hereafter, between the fourteenth Day of September and second Day of January for ever, by or with any Net, Device, Engine, Ways or Means whatsoever, take, kill, destroy, or wilfully hurt, any Salmon of any Kind or Size whatsoever, in the said River Ribble, such Person or Persons shall incur, and be subject to such and the same Penalties, Forfeitures and Punishments as were by the said recited Act iriflifted upon Persons taking, killing, destroying, or wilfully hurting Salmon in the said River, betwixt the last Day of July and twelfth Day of November, and shall be proceeded against and convicted thereof, in the same Manner, as by such recited Act is for that Purpose directed.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That all and every the Clauses, Articles, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Act (save the Alteration hereby made in the Times of taking, and being

restrained from taking Salmon in the said River Ribble as aforesaid) shall be and remain in full Force; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

& 30 Geo. 2. c. 21, 6? 30. 33 Geo. 2. c. 27.

X. And where the taking of larger Fees by the Officers of Assize and Nisi Prius, in the respective Cir cuits of this Kingdom, upon Records issuing out of the Office of Pleas of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer

3 1 a

given to take Salmon in the River Rib blc, between 1 Jan. and 13 Sept, yearly.

Penalty of talcing Salmon in she laid River o n of the Time limited.

The fnid Act continued.

Anno Vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

C 26. 255

at jvijlmhifter, between Party and Party, than are taken on such Records issuing out of any other Court, Fees upon Nisi is a Grievance to the subject be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty frius Records fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, no Officer or other Person whatsoever shall! de lui js mand, take or receive any greater or other Fees upon such Records, ilfiuiilg out of the said Office, than are taken upon Records in Causes of the like Nature, issuing out of the Courts of Kings Bench and Common, other Pleas at Westminster. _ Courts.

XI. And whereas it frequently happens that Persons against whom Warrants are granted by the Justi ces of the Peace, for the several Counties within this Kingdom, escape into other Counties or Places out of the Jurisdiction of the Justices of the Peace granting such Warrants, and thereby avoid being punished for the Offences wherewith they are charged For Remedy whereof. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Dawof func one thousand seven hundred and fifty, in case any rqn oflen*r

tx r*n. it ttt. n 11 1 rr. if t fl!.. T IT ru rr. elcar>e cut of tjlc

Person again! whom a legal Warrant shall be issued, by any Justice or Justices of the Peace for any County, wflieiion, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place within this Kingdom, ball escape or go into any otherthe"j«aice who County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place out of the jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices issued his Wargranting such Warrant as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County,

Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place to which such Person shall have gone or escaped, to endorse such Warrant, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, and to cause the Person again! whom where he shall the same shall have been issued, to be apprehended and sent to the Justice or Justices who granted such have escaped. Warrant, or to some other Justice or Justices of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or may injorfe the Place, from whence such Person shall have gone or escaped, to the end that he or she may be dealt with ac Warrant, C cording to Law; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas by an act of Parliament passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles 12 Car. 2. C 24. ' the Second, (entitled, An Act for taking cnuay_ the Court of wards and Liveries, and 'tenures in Capite, andi 22- by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof) it was en adled. That the Office of Excise in all Places where it shall be appointed, shall! be kept open from eight of the Clock in the Morning till twelve of the Clock at Noon, and from two of the Clock in the Afternoon till five of the Clock in the Afternoon, for the due Execution and Performance of all and every themat ters and Things in the said act appointed and required: And whereas the Limitations and restrictions of Time in the said act mentioned, for transacting the Business in the said Office, have been found very in The Exclft or'*convenient, and attended with extraordinary Expenses to the several Persons who are charged with the cst bc kwpt Payment of the Duties, relating to the Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise open from S Therefore for the' future, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Clause herein be o' Clock till 2 fore recited shall], from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and the same Sec farther y.: is hereby enacted and declared to be from thenceforth repealed; and that the said Office shall, from and after cf//'f0 the said tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty, be kept open from eight of the Clock in y^ged.z.'C g. the Morning, till two of the Clock in the Afternoon, and no longer. i ft). 3. 07.

XIII. And whereas great Quantities of Turnips have of late Years been stolen and taken away by idle and ill disposed Persons, from the Grounds of several Farmers, and others growing Turnips, to the great Loss and Damage of the Owners of the said turnips for Remedy whereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June Penalty on IV one thousand seven hundred and fifty, steal and take away, or maliciously pull up and destroy any Turnips, son* or growing or being in any Lands or Grounds belonging to any Person or Persons, and shall be thereof con //'vrowine in victed before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Town or Place, where the pr['vatcgrounds, said Offence shall be committed, either by Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of one or more Person or Persons (and which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and empower ed to administer) every Person so offending, and being convicted of such Offence, in Manner herein before mentioned, shall, for the firs Offence, give and pay to the Owner or Owners of the Turnips so ffolen, pulled up or destroyed, such Satisfaction for his or their Damage thereby sustained, and within such Time, as the said Justice or Justices shall appoint; and shall! over and above pay down upon such Conviction, unto the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence or Offences was or we re committed, for the life of the said Poor, such Sum of Money not exceeding ten Shillings, as to the said Justice or Justices shall feerr, meet; and if any such Offender or Offenders shall not make such Recompense or Satisfaction to the said Owner or Owners, and also pay such Sum to the Use of the Poor, in Manner and Form aforesaid, then the said Justice or Justices shall! and may commit the said Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, for any Space not exceeding one Month, or shall and may order such Offender or Offenders to be whipped by the Constable, as to the said Justice or Justices shall seem meet; and if any such Person or Persons shall again commit the like Offence, and be thereof convicted as aforesaid, then he, she or they, so offending the fecor.d Time, and being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall be committed to the House of Correction for three Months.

XIV. Provided always, that no Person or Persons shall be prosecuted for any such Offence of stealing, Limitat os of pulling up, or destroying of Turnips, unless such Prosecution be begun within thirty Days after the of the Plofecution* fence committed.

XV. And whereas by an act of Parliament made and passed in the second Year of the Reign of his a Geo. 2. c. 23.

present Majesty, (entitled, An Act for the letter Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors) it was enacted, $ 2°'

Mute perpetual

Geo. 2.

fell. 7c.

That from and after the firs Day of December one thousand seven hundred an d thirty, any Person who should be sworn, admitted and mrolled to be an Attorney in any of his Majesty's Courts of King's Bench 3 Common Pleas, Exchequer, Counties Palatine of Chester, lat.cc/ler, and Durham, and Great Sessions in

be a Solicitor in all or any of the to be impressied

C jkalcs, as is therein directed, might be sworn, admitted and inroljed to Courts of Equity, in the said Act fppeified, without any Fee for the Oath, or any Stamp on the Parchment, whereon such Admission should Le writt n, if the Matter of the Rolls, two Mafteis

of

2 5'6 C 2 7. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

of the Chancery, ihe Barons of the Court of Exchequer, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, and the Judges of the other Courts of Equity, in the said Act mentioned for the time being, or any of them respectively, should, upon examining such Attorney, touching his Fitness and Capacity to act as a Soli citor in Courts of Equity, be satisfkd that such Attorney is duly qualified to be so admitted; but there being no Provision made in the said in Part recited Act, for admitting Persons (who had been, or shall be sworn, admitted and enrolled Solicitors of any of the Courts of Equity in the said Act mentioned) At ' tornies of any of his Majesty's Courts of Law therein also mentioned, although such Solicitor should be duly qualified in all other Respects; 'and to supply such Omission, Be it enacted by the Au sohcitors in the thority aforesaid, That from and after the second Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty, any rv°may be act.u1" Person who hath been already, or who at any Time or Times hereafter shall be sworn, admitted and inrol jr itt d Attornies led a Solicitor in any of of his Majesty's Courts of Equity at Westminster, in such Manner as by the said Act without Fees, is directed, may be sworn, admitted and enrolled to be an Attorney of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench Sec farther or Common Pleas at Westminster, without any Fee for the Oath, or any Stamp to be imprefied on the parch 3j Gee. 2. r. 16. me; lt whereon such Admission shall be written (his having been sworn, admitted and enrolled a Solicitor in any of the Courts of Equity aforementioned notwithstanding) if the Judges of the said Courts of King's Bench or Common Pleas for the time being, or any of them respectively, hall, upon examining such Solicitor, touching his Fitness and Capacity to act as an Attorney in the said respective Courts, be satisfied that such Solicitor is duly qualified to be sworn, admitted and enrolled an Attorney, pursuant to the said in Part recited Act, and other the Laws now in Force concerning Attorneys and Solicitors.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto.

Amended by

WHEREAS for want of an easy and speedy Method for the Recovery of Small Debts, many ill i jgeo. z. C 42, ' y, cifposed Persons, who have contrasted Small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, ' and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, and refute to pay the Debts which they have so contrasted, to the Loss and Prejudice of their Creditors, and to the Detriment of useful Credit within the said City and Liberty of Westminster, and the said Part of the Duchy aforesaid:: 'the Remedy of the said Inconvenience, and for the providing an easy and speedy Method for the Recovery' of Small Debts within the said City and Liberty of Westminster, and the said Part of the Duchy aforesaid; 'May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most exccel lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in The Parifluon this present Parliament assembled - by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and trs West mm for a] anc] every the Parishioners of the several and respective Parishes within the said City and Liberty of theh vestries on heeftmi after, and the said Part of the Duchy aforesaid, who have a Right to assemble in Vestry, within their 1 May yearly, respective Parishes, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to meet on the first Day of and nominate May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and soon the same Day in every fuc-242 com.nif ceeding Year, provided the same shall not fall on a Sunday; and if it hold, then upon the next Day at ten vz^st M f he Clock in the Forenoon, in the several and respective Vestries in every of their respective Parishes,

g.iret 30, rand nominate and assign in the Whole, the Number of two hundred and forty-two of the most substantial St. John 10, and discreet Persons residing within their respective Parishes, who are to be Commissioners for the Purport. James 42, fes herein after mentioned and expressed; be appointed by such Parishioners of the said several Parishes, St. George Pa in Manner following j (that is to say) of the Parish of Saint Margaret to nominate and appoint thirty cf s°var, ne'^i 3°' l'le rersons i of the Parish of Saint John the Evangelist, other twenty of the said Persons; the Parish St". Martin in f Saint James, other forty-two of the said Persons; of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, other the Field, ep, thirty of the said Persons; the Parish of Saint Anne, other twenty-four of the said Persons; the Parish t t. Clement of Saint Martin in the Fields, other forty of the said Persons; the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, as well jans 14> within the Liberty of Westminster as without, other twenty-four of the said Persons; the Parish of Saint

Strand r 6 Mary /<? Strand, other twelve of the said Persons; of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, other

Sr. Paul Covent twenty of the said Persons: the Churchwardens of each respective Parish for the time being, or one of Garden zo. them, shall, within two Days after such Nomination, cause two Lists to be made out of the several Persons

Churchwardens f0 respectively nominated and appointed, as aforesaid; shall cause one of the said Lists, or a true Copy

to 2 Lists, thereof, to be fixed or stuck up on the Church Door of each respective Parish; shall deliver, or cause to the Church' Cn he delivered, the other of the said Lists to the High Bailiff of the said City and Liberty, or his Deputy, who Door, and de shall forthwith cause a Copy of such Lists to be made and stuck up in the several Places where the said com liver the other missioner shall assemble,; which said Terfcns so nominated and returned by and for the said several pi t the high riflies respectiveb, as aforesaid, from time to time, shall be, and are hereby declared, constituted and ap comm' ners pointed Commissioners to hear and determine all such Matters of Debt as are hereafter mentioned; and such confthuted"'" Commissioners, so from time to time to be nominated and appointed, as aforesaid, are hereby constituted a Court of Justice: Court of Justice, by the Name of The Court of Requests for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Three to held part of the Duchy of Lancaster, which adjoineth thereto; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more, the Court of them, are hereby authorised, empowered and required to assemble, fit and hold the said Court, in and 777yijre.t' ir the said several Parishes, in such several Divisions, and on such Days, and in such Manner, as is herein Inst. jumis's, 'after mentioned; videlicet. The Commissioners of the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the ev.in every Wednes ge/ift, on every Tuesday in every Week, or oftener, if necessary, in some convenient Part of the said Parish;

; Saint Margaretthe Commissioners of the Parishes of Saint George Hanover Square, Saint James, arid

and in St. Paul Saint Anne, on every Wednesday in every Week, or oftener, if necessary. in some convenient Part of the fine et^tlturfov"' ar of Saint James $ and the Commissioners of Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint Paul Covent Garden. Sain,

"'Clemo.

2 3 /

Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le Strand, on. every Thursday in every Week, or oftener, if necessary, Rcpcakisst: -, u in some convenient Part of the Paid Parish of Saint Pint Cment Garden; and such Commissioners, so threedivip,

to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, for the time being, or any three br more of them', shall have h ng". z. Power and Authority, by virtue of this acto hear and determine, in thefir respective' Divisions, all such tndto^rono ncs

shall seem jhft in Law or Equity r so as no Person shall remain 11' Prison up bn an Execution, 'for a longer exccntion» Spade than. forty, 'dkysn. 'A \ _ '*, V >»'> J'? r; J, ., s«than4.oi

II. Provided always, 1. and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid - no Person shall be capa Qualification of be of adding as a Commissioner, in the Execution of the Powers given by this Add, unless such Person, at Commissioners, the Time of his Nomination, and also during the Time he shall so add as a Commissioner, in the Execution

of the Powers given by this Add, shall be seized of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds, clear of all Encumbrances, hr be possessed of a Personal Eldate of the Value of five hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons summoned by Persons sum virtue of this Add, shall not perform such Order as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them moned, notec n shall make and set down for or concerning such Debts as aforesaid, then it shall and maybe lawful to and forrt>ine> may for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, after personal Sendee of the Laid Order, and due commi. ' Proof thereof made, to commit such Person or Persons to one of his Majesty's Gaols within the City and

Liberty of Wefhninjhr, there to remain until he, she or they shall perform such Order, so as no Person so imprisoned shall remain in Prison fora longer Space of Time than forty Days.

IV. And for the more orderly and regular Proceeding in the said Court, and to prevent any undue Pre; The kighbailiff ference or Delay, in summoning the said Commissioners to attend the business of the said Court, Be it fur to summon a cer there enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said High Bailiff, who is hereby' empowered and req uifl1*13 n?ber of red from time to time so to do, hall, within two Days next after such several Lists shall be returned to himj " " j, oner as aforesaid, summon, or cause to be summoned, the first seven Persons named in eaeh List containing forty-two

and forty, the first five in each List containing thirty, the first 'Four in each List containing twenty-four and twenty, and the first two in each List containing twelve,: to attend as comrriiflidriers"of; the said Court, in their respective Divisions, for the Month of May, and so the like Number of Persons out of every List, as they shall land in Order and Rotation therein respectively, to serve as commissioners in their re speddive divisionsj from Month to Month, during the Term for which they are chosen Commissioners.

VI. Provided always, That nothing herein before dontairied shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Serfi commir exclude or debar any of the Persons who shall be nominated and returned for Commissioners as aforesaid al fwners as are though they be not in Rotation) from sitting in the said Court, in each respective Division, but that all such^Commissioners shall and may, as often as they shall respectively think fit, fit. and give Judgement therein; mar L ' any thing.herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

\ I. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May Power given to one thousand seven hundred and fifty, it shall and maybe lawful to and for every Refiant and Inhabitant' Returns to fuc. within the said City and Liberty, or the said Part of the said Duchy aforesaid, and to and for all and every fcr ur der

Person and Persons renting or keeping any Shop, Shed, Stall or Stand, or seeking a Livelihood within the 4°s' said City and Liberty of ivfjhnivjfter, or in the said Part of the said Duchy aforesaid, who now have, or hereafter shall have, any Debt or Debts due or owing unto him, her or them, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, inhabiting or seeking a Livelihood within the said City and Liberty of Westminster, or in that Part of the said Duchy aforesaid apply to the said Clerks' of the said Court, or one of them, who shall cause such Debtor or Debtors so inhabiting Or seeking a livel.i Clerks to fira hood as aforesaid, to be warned dr summoned by the said - Bail iff, or his Officer or Officers' {\vho are !n0ntiie Dcl, for' hereby appointed, authorised and, required, to execute, ail Warrants, 'Precepts and Process of the said Court f. .1.. nan.; .;. J C — — ij Stall, 'Stand or any

s of the said (Court.

________ __ reside as aforesaid; Upon Return of that the said Ccrrimissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, after the Return of such Summons as J, "fl, mtto aforesaid, have full Power and Authority by virtue of this Act, to make'/or cause to be made, such Acts, n"ers to give'" Order or Orders, Decrees, Judgments and Proceedings between such tatty of Parties, 'Plaintiffs, and his, judgement, her 01 their Debtor or Debtors, Defendants, touching such. Debts) not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, as they shall find to stand with Equity and good Confidence; rand all such 1 a dtd, Decrees, Judgments Orders, C to and Proceedings, Order or Orders, hall be entered and regiftbred1 in a 'boole to; be kept for that Purpose by le regitered and the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court; and shall he observed', performed and kept in all Parts, as well by cb erv< 'd the Plaintiff as by the Debtor or Defendant.

VII. And for the more solemn Determination of Matters and Causes which shall be depending in the said Commin

Court intended to be established by this Act, it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to administer an Oath to the Plaintiff or Defendant,

loners may administer Oaths to the

and to such Witness or Wicnefies, ns shall be produced by each Party; and also to all the officers of the said Court, for or concerning any Business relative thereunto, if the same Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think it meet.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Debt, or Action on In an arien for the Case upon an Assumpsit for the Recovery of any Debt to be sited or prosecuted against any Person or»under Persons aforesaid, in any of the King's Courts at Wesl: i\nfler, or clff: where, out of the said Court of s' (cr m Requests, the Plaintiff shall declare for any Sum of Money, n 1 amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, the Defendant may plead generally in Bar of such Acljon, That at the Time of commencing such Action, ra, y this Vol. \ II L 1 the Act in Sir, ic

2$8 C 27.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

Full Costs. Plaintiff may afterwards sue for the Debt in the Court of Requests.

any shall insult the Court,

Fine not to exceed 20 s. nor the imprisonment 10 Days. The Fine to be

the Defendant was Inhabitant and Refiant withimthe said City and Liberty of tveftmiiifler, or that Part of the Duchy aforesaid, and was liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Requests, without pleading any other Matter specially; in case the Plaintiff, in any such Action, shall declare for the Sum of forty Shillings, or any Sum of Money exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, the Defendant may plead generally (over and above such Matters as, aforesaid) that the Defendant was not, at the Time of commencing such Action, indebted to the Plaintiff in any Sum or Sums of Money amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, without pleading any other Matter specially, where to the Plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid; if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgement be given on Demurrer, the Defendant shall have full Costs.'

IX. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff, in such Action, afterwards to prosecute the said Defendant for the Recovery of his said Debt in the said Court of Requests; Verdict or Judgement obtained against him as aforesaid, in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And for the more effectual establishing of the said Court of Requests, and the better enforcing the Orders and Decrees which shall be made by the said Commissioners; that the said Commissioners may be

Method of Pro invested with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from any Insult orabufes; Be it further cee^ing and Pu enaclpd by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall contemptuously affront, insult or n mci5t'vv 0: 1 abuse all or any of the Commissioners of the said Court, during their sitting in the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said High Bailiff, or his Deputy, Officer or Officers, by Order of the said Commissioners then sitting, or any three or more of them, to take such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid into, Custody, and carry him, her or them, before one or more of his Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty of tfjhnitifter, to answer such Affront, Insult or Abuse; and upon the Faift alleged being duly, proved, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, against him,; 'her or, them; then, and in such Case, the said Justice or Justices shall proceed to punish such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, by Fine or Imprisonment, or both; provided that the Fine on any one person do not exceed the.sum, of twenty Shillings; and that the Imprisonment be for no longer Time than ten Days, mcrinetooe

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Nonpayment of the said Fine, levied by l)iftrefe to be imposed or set upon every Person convicted of offending as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for and Sale, the said Justice or Justices to issue a Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hands and Seals, for levying the said Fine or Fines so imposed, upon the Goods and Chattles of every such Offender or Offenders, being then refiant or inhabiting within the said City and Liberty of Westminster, or that Part of the Duchy aforesaid, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed in five Days, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner upon Demand, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Sale; which towards ihesup Fine or Fines, when levied or received by virtue of this Act, shall be immediately paid over into the Hands part of the Poor; of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish wherein every such Offender shall, at the Time of such Offence committed, inhabit, dwell or seek a Livelihood, towards the Support and mainte where the Of nance of the Poor of the same.parish; and if such Offender or Offenders shall not be refiant or inhabiting fonder is not re within the said City and Liberty of Westminster, or that Part of the Duchy aforesaid shall not have any fiant, ehe is Goods or Chattles within the said City and Liberty of Westminster, or that Part of the Duchy aforesaid, to be committed. whereof such Fine or Fines can be levied as aforesaid; and in such Case, and upon the Nonpayment of such Fine or Fines, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to one of his Majesty's Goals within the City or Liberty of'we/iminster, there to remain for the Space of one Calendar Month, On Payment of unless he, 'file or they, sooner pay the said Fine or Fines so imposed as aforesaid; which Case, he, she or the Fine the they, on Payment of such Fine or Fines, are to be forthwith discharged out of Custody; and such Fine or Person to be Sines, when levied or received, shall be immediately paid over into the Hands of the said Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor for the Purposes aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks of the said Court, or one of them, shall six, or cause to be fixed or stuck up, in the most public Part of the respective Places where such Court shall be held in the several Divisions aforesaid, or other Place where the said Commissioners shall fit to do Business as aforesaid, a true Copy of the two last preceding Olaufes of this Act to the end that no Person or Persons shall or may pretend Ignorance in the Premises,

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall make Oath, or give Evidence, in any Cause depending in the said Court of Requests, whereby he, she or they, shall commit any wilful or corrupt Perjury, and shall thereof be duly convicted according to Law, then every such Person or Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful Perjury according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Thomas Smith, Stephen Popham, Harman i'erelft and John Spranger. Gentlemen, shall be, and are hereby constituted and appointed Clerks of the

and their Office, said Court of Requests during their respective good Behaviour; who shall and are hereby impowered and required to issue out and register all Summons, Warrants, Precepts, Acts, Orders, Decrees, Judgments, Attachments and Proceedings of the said Court; and shall keep proper Books, wherein shall he entered and No Clark to ail registered all Acts, Orders and Proceedings of the same Court; and that no Clerk of the said Court shall as a Justice. act as a Justice of the Peace within the Limits of the Junfdidlion of the said Court.

On the Death,

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Removal or Re Commissioners who shall be sitting and adding in Court, on the next Court Day after the Death, resigna cien s^the*118 tonne or Removal of any of the said Clerks appointed by this Actor so soon after as the same is publicity Commissioners known, or the major Part of them, to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned to meet whe summoned, at some convenient Place to be appointed for that Purpose, within four Days next after their being summon aim Nect an ed as aforesaid; and such Commissioners at such Meeting, or the major Part of them then present, are hereby other. 3 authorised

discharged.

Copy of the 2 last Clauses to be stuck irp in the Courts,

Penalty of Perjury,

Clerks of the Court,

259

authorised and required to cleft another Person or Persons in the Room of such of the said Clerks so dying, resigning or being removed as aforesaid, for the Use and Purposes in this Act contained; and so from time to time, upon every Vacancy of the said Office of Clerk, for ever.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall be capable Commissioners of acting as Commissioner or Commissioners, in the Execution of the Powers given by this Act, until such to beftvorn. Time as he and they shall have respectively taken an Oath to the Effect following

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honefuy, according to the bed of my Judge The Oath, ment, hear and determine such Matters and Things as shall be brought before me, by virtue of an Act of Parliament (entitled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto) without Favour or Affection to either Party; and that I am now seized of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds, clear of all Encumbrances; or that I am possessed of a Personal Estate the Value of five hundred Pounds.'

Which Oath the said Clerks, or one of them, are or is hereby empowered and required to administer in toteadminirtsr open Court; a Memorial whereof shall be entered in the Registers of the said Court. ed a clerk,

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Sees hereafter limited and pees^fwed to expressed, and no other See or Sees, shall and may be taken for the respective Services of the said High Bai be t ken by the liss and Clerks; that is to say, High and

Clerks,

For Hilling out every Summons, to the Clerk or Clerks, threepence.

For the service of such Summons, to the High Bailiff, threepence.

For every Hearing, to the Clerk or Clerks, threepence; to the High Bailiff, one Penny.

For an Attachment against: the Defendant for not appearing to the Summons, to the Clerk or Clerks, sixpence; to the High Bailiff, one Shilling and twopence.'

For an Execution, to the Clerk or Clerks, ten Pence; to the High Bailiff, one Shilling and twopence.

For paying Money into Court, to the Clerk or Clerks, seven Pence.

For acknowledging Satisfaction in full, to the Clerk or Clerks, fourpence.,

For fenrehing the Books, to the Clerk or Clerks, twopence.

For calling the Defendant before the Court, when he refuses to appear, to the Clerk or Clerks, twopence; to the High Bailiff, twopence.

For a Nonsuit on the plaintiff's not appearing, to the Clerk or Clerks, twopence

A Table of which Fees shall be hung up by the Clerks of the said Court, oroneof them, in some publickor conspicuous Part of every Place where the said Commissioners shall meet for the Purposes aforesaid; the end that all Persons may at ail Times see and read the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said High Bailiff for the time being, or any of his Officers, or the said Clerks, or any of them, shall take or demand any greater or other See or Fees than as abovementioned, or otherwise misbehave, that then, upon Complaint made to the said Commissioners sitting in Court of the said Offence or Offences, such Complaint being duly proved upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, against him or them so offending, as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall proceed to punish such Person or Persons so offending, as aforesaid, by Fine, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds for any one Offence, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattles, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three of them (rendering to the Owner the Overplus, after the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted) and to be paid over by the said Commissioners, and applied to the Life of the Sick in the Wrjhninfcr Infirmary.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon Complaint made by any Person or Persons of the Misbehaviour of any Clerk or Clerks appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, or of any Clerk or Clerks taking or demanding any greater or other Fees than as abovementioned, it shall appear to the Commissioners then present, that such Offence deserves a greater Punishment than is before provided, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners then sitting in Court, or the major Part of them, in case they shall so think fit, to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned to meet as soon as conveniently may be, by publick Notice to be given in the several Parish Churches aforesaid, by the Parish Clerks thereof (which Notice the said Parish Clerks are hereby required and directed to give without Fee or Reward) immediately after Divine Service, on the Sunday Morning next before such Meeting is to be held (such Sunday to be at least three Days before the Day appointed for such Meeting) to examine into the Merits of such Complaint; and if it shall then appear to the Commissioners, being not less than sixty present, or to the major Part of them, that such Clerk or Clerks hath or have been guilty of a gross Misbehaviour, or Breach of Duty in his or their Office, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to suspend or remove such Clerk or Clerks from his or their laid Office, and to elect another Person or Persons in the Room of the Person or Persons so removed.

XX. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt for any Rent upon any Lease of Lands or Tenements, or any other real Contrast, nor to any Debt which shall a rise by reason of any Cause concerning Testament or Matrimony, or anything concerning, or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, albeit the same shall be under forty Shillings; anything herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Debt not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of P, e quests, shall he brought against any Person residing or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction thereof, in any other Court whatsoever.

Table of the Fees to be hum; up in the Courts

Penalty on the highbailiff, C taking greater Fees, C

Application of the Penalty,

Method nf Proceeding against Clerks where the Offence deserves a greater Punishment.

Certain Debts not liable to be sued by this Act

No Suit for Dibts recoverable by this Act, to be brought in ?y other Court

2.6a C 28. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

XXII. And whereas the four council of the ancient Court of the Marshalsea, and Court of his Majesty's Palace o Westminster, Who hold their Offices for the Terms of their natural Lives respectively, and who have been made chargeable by Parliament, and actually assessed to the Land Tax for their Freeholds in their said Offices, will sustain great Loss1 by this present Act, unless a'compensation shall be made to ol.perann.im < the in for the same; 'Be it there to re enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said High Bailiff, and j" T.M1 te Clerks of the said Court of requ eftstor the time being, shall, and they are hereby required, out of the the four Council sees limited or to be limited to him and them, by virtue of this present Act, to pay, or cause to be paid, in of the Court of equal Proportions, unto fjobn Latvfon, Lomax Martyn, George Weller and John Le Gross Spelman, Esquires, marshalsea. the present Council of the said Court of the Marshalsea, and Court of his Majesty's Palace of Westminster,

'as a Compensation for the Loss they will sustain in their said Offices by this present Act, for and during the Terms of their respective natural Lives, the yearly Sum of twenty Pounds apiece, of lawful Money of Great Britain I free and clear of and from all Charges and Deductions whatsoever)'to be paid to themfevey rally and respectively, yearly and every year, at or upon the several Feaff Days following; that is to say. The Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, the Feast of the Nativity of Our Lord, the Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, and the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to begin and to be made at or upon the Feast Day of Saint 1w chad the Archangel j in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty.

Limitation of

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought Actions. or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, then, and in fticli Case, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants; in such General issue, Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General. Blue, and give this act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereon: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs hall become nonsuited, or discon tinue his'or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits; or if, upon Verdict or Demurrer, Judgement shall be Treble Costs. given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same, as' any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

Public act,

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to explain Part of an Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for the Uniformity of Public Prayers, and Administration of Sacraments; and also Part of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, for the Ministers of the Church to be of Sound Religion.

-5 & >4 Car. 2. ' lirhereas by an Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of the late

C 4. 6.«y V King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Uniformity of Public Prayers, and Ad

minifir ation of Sacraments, and other Rites and Geremonics; and for establishing the Form of Making, Ordain

and Consecrating Bishops, Priejls and Deacons, in the Church of England; it was enacted, That every Person who should thereafter be presented or collated, or put into any Ecclesiastical Benefice or Promo

within England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, should, in the Church,

Chapel, or Place of Publick worship, belonging to his said Benefice or Promotion, within two Months r' next after that he shall be in the actual Possemon of the said Ecclesiastical Benefice or Promotion, upon

some lord's Day, openly, publicly and solemnly read the Morning and Evening Prayers appointed to be read by and according to the Book of Common Prayer, at the Times thereby appointed or to be appointed; and after such reading thereof, should openly and publicly, before the Congregation there affem tiled, declare his unfeigned Assent and Consent to the Use of all Things therein contained and prescribed,

according to the Form therein before appointed; and that all and every such Person who should (without some lawful Impediment, to be allowed and approved by the Ordinary of the Place) neglect or refuse to

do the same within the Time, aforesaid, or (in case of such Impediment, within one Month after such

removed) should (ipso faslo) be deprived of all his said Ecclesiastical Benefices and Promotions;

am that from thenceforth, it mould and might be lawful to and for all Patrons and Donors of all and fm 'gular the said Ecclesiastical Benefices and Promotions, or any of them, according to their respective Rights and Titles, to present or collate to the same, as though the Person or Persons so offending or neglecting

were dead: And it was by the said Act (among! other Things) further enacted, That every Parson, VI ' car, Curate, Lecturer, and every other Person in Holy Orders, should, before his or their respective Ad

to be Incumbent, or have Possession of any Parsonage, Vicarage or any curate's Place or Lecture,

subscribe the Declaration or Acknowledgement therein directed, before the respective Archbishop, Bishop or Ordinary of the Diocese; Pain that all and every of the Persons aforementioned, failing in such Subscription, 'should lofc and forfeit such respective Parsonage, Vicarage, Curate's Place or Lecture, and should he utterly disabled and (ipso facto) deprived of the same; and that every such respective Parsonage!

curate's Place or Lecture, should he void, as if such Person so sailing were naturally dead;

and that after such Subscription made, every Parson, Vicar, Curate or Lcfturer should procure a certificate under the Hand and Seal of the respective Archbishop, Bishop or Ordinary of the Diocese (who were thereby enjoined and required, upon Demand, to make and deliver the same)' and Should publicly and openly read the same, together with the Declaration or Acknowledgment therein mentioned, upon.

some lord's Day within three Months then next following, in his Parish Church where he was to offi

date.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

C 29. 261

1 date, in the Presence of the Congregation there assembled, in the Time of Divine Service; upon Pain',

that every Person failing therein, should lose such Parsonage, Vicarage or Benefice, curate's Place or Lecturer's Place respectively, and should be utterly disabled and (ipso facto) deprived of the same; and that the said Parsonage, Vicarage or Benefice, Curate's Place or lecturer's Place should be void, as if he were'

naturally dead: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether the Allowance and Approbation of any lawful Impediment before mentioned doth extend to both the said before recited Cases, or whether any Archbishop, Bishop or other Ordinary, hath Power by the said Act to allow and approve of any lawful Impe diment, as to reading the said last mentioned Certificate and Declaration, within the Time limited by the said Act: 'For the obviating thereof, be it enacted by the King's mould Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Allowance and Approbation of any lawful Impe Allowance of a diment already given and declared, or which shall hereafter be given and declared, in pursuance of the said lawful impcdi aft, by any Archbishop, Bishop of Ordinary, to any Person for or in respect of not reading in the Church, ment extended Chapel or Place of Public Worship, belonging to his Benefice or Promotion, within two Months next after that he shall be in the actual Possession of the said Benefice or Promotion, upon some lord's Day, open Cate and Decla" ly, publicly and solemnly, the Morning nnd_ Evening Prayers, appointed to be read by and according to ration, within the said Book of Common Prayer, and for or in respect of not openly and publicly, before the Congre the Time limit gation there afienibled, declaring his unfeigned Assent and Consentfto the Use of all Things therein con te, tained and p'referibed, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to the not reading, the said last mentioned Certificate and Declaration, although the same be not mentioned in the said Allowance and Approbation, for the like Time as the said Allowance and Approbation shall extend to.

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, in qeiiz. C ia.

tituled, An Act for the mirjjlers of the Church to be of Sound Religion; it was (amongst other Things) en J ' added, That every Person who should be admitted to a Benefice with Cure, except that within two Months after his Induction, he should publicly read the Articles therein mentioned, in the same Church whereof

he should have Cure, in the Time of Common Prayer there, with Declaration of his unfeigned Assent

'thereunto, should be, upon every such Default (ipso facto) immediately deprived: And whereas it hath happened, and may hereafter happen, through Sickness, or other lawful Impediment, that diverse Persons have been, and may be hindered from reading the said Articles, and making the said Declaration, within the Time directed by the said Act, and yet such Person, after such Sickness, or other lawful Impediment removed, hath read, and may hereafter read the said Articles, and make the said Declaration; and it is reasonable that such Persons should be deemed to have complied with the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who hath alrea Persons who dy read, or who shall hereafter read the said Articles, and hath made, or shall hereafter make the said De lull read the claration, at the same Time that he did read, or shall hereafter read the Morning and Evening Prayer, and aiticjes and de declare his unfeigned Assent and Consent to the Use of all Things therein contained and prescribed, accord;, |1hc

ing to the Directions of the said in Part recked Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of thetforn^rgand King Charles the Second, shall bernd is hereby declared and adjudged to have complied with the true evtringprayer; Intent and Meaning of the said Act of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, although are declared u the same were not, or may not be read within the Space of two Months after such person's Induction into pvc c('mpiwd

any Benefice with Cure; and that every such Person shall, and he is hereby declared to be freed and dif, tjr]jz, nt'nt

charged from any Deprivation, or other Forfeiture by virtue of the said Act; anything therein contained to 1 3 '

the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That this al shall not extend to restore any Person to any Parsonage, Vicarage or Limitation of Benefice, curate's Place or lecturer's Place, which, for want of reading such Certificate and Declaration, this Act. within the Time directed by the said first in Part recited Act, or of reading the said Articles and Declaration concerning the same, according to the said last mentioned Act, hath been forfeited or become void, and is already filled up or enjoyed by any Person or Persons whatsoever.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to encourage the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from his Majesty's Colonies in America; and to prevent the Erection of any Mill or other Engine for Slitting or Rolling of Iron; or any Plateing Forge to work with a Tilt Hammer; or any Furnace for making Steel in any of the said Colonies.

WHEREAS the Importation of Bar Iron from his Majesty's Colonies in America, into the Port of

London, and the Importation of Pig Iron from the said Colonies, into any Port of Great Britain, and Zf/

1 the Manufacture of such Bar and Pig Iron in Great Britain, will be a great Advantage not only to the said f, 3. 2 bj. f ' Colonies, but also to this Kingdom, by furnishing the Manufacturers of Iron with a Supply of that lifeful C z7. j vs.is? ' and necessary Commodity, and by Means thereof large Sums of Money, now annually paid for Iron to QQ '7*

Foreigners, will be laved" to this Kingdom, and a greater Quantity of the Woollen, and other Manu Iff'/

failures of Great Britain, will he exported to America, in Exchange for such Iron so imported; 'Be it there q./tf. c. 6, fore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi fist. 55. ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the }'ig iron malic same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of sane one thousand seven hundred and fifty, the several and respective Subsidies, Customs, Impositions, Rates and Duties, now payable on Pig Iron, made in and Amirici may imported from his Majesty's Colonies in America, into any Port of Great Britain, shall cease, determine and be imported be no longer paid; and that from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of firne, no Subsidy, Custom, Im and Bar Iron polltion, Rate or Duty whatsoever, shall be payable upon Bar Iron made in and imported from the said co lmo the

ionics Lost:

o 6

C

29.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

Penalty of exporting, or carrying Bar Iron Coastwise, except for the King's Vatds.

Officer granting any Cocquet for

ionics into the Port of London, any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Bar Iron so imported into the Port of London, shall be afterwards exported, or shall be carried Coastwise to be landed at any other Port or Flace of Great Britain, except for the Use of his Majesty's Dock Yards; upon Pain, that all such Bar Iron so exported or carried Coastwise, and every Ship or Vessel, on Board of which any such Bar Iron shall be so exported, or carried Coastwise, shall be subject to such Forfeiture and Seizure, as any prohibited or un customed Goods, or any Goods clandestinely exported or imported, or any Ship or Vessel on Board of which any such Goods shall be exported or imported, are now liable by Law; and also upon Pain, that every Person, so exporting such Bar Iron, or sending the same Coastwise, and the Master or Commander, and Mariners of every Ship or Vessel, on Board of which any such Bar Iron shall be so exported or carried coast wile, shall be subject to such and the like Punishments and Penalties as the Master or Commander, or Mariners of any Ship or Vessel, laden with any prohibited or uncustomed Goods, or Goods clandestinely exported

or imported, are now liable to by Law; and that no Officer of his Majesty's Customs shall signor grant - any Cocquet, Sufferance, Transire, let pass, Warrant or Certificate whatsoever, for exporting or carrying

exporting ere Coaf}: wife except for the Use of his Majesty's Dock Yards, any such Bar Iron so imported into the Port of London, upon Pain, that every Officer of his Majesty's Customs, so offending, shall forfeit and pay the so forfeit 2001. Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be sued for and recovered by Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and to be applied, one Moiety to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same, and shall and his Office, also lose and forfeit his Office, and be incapable of serving his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Office of Trust or Profit whatsoever; and that if any such Cocquet, Sufferance, Transire, let pass, Warrant or Certificate whatsoever, shall be signed or granted, the same shall be void, and of no Effect whatsoever.

No Bar Iron to

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bar Iron whatsoever shall be permit b. c. caniej Ccaft tecj to carr; CCI Coastwise, unless Mention be made in the Certificate to be granted for that Purpose of Duty be paid! C t^le Day on which the Subsidies, Customs, Impositions, Rates and Duties, payable upon the Importation y ' thereof, were paid, and of the Name of the Person or Persons by whom the same were paid.

Penalty of car

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Bar Iron imported into the Port of London, by virtue or in an^such kon Purhiance of this Act, shall be carried or conveyed by Land Carriage to any Place beyond ten Miles from beyond jo ltliles; lny Part of the Port of London, except to his Majesty's Dock Yards for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs (torn London, and Successors; and if any Person or Persons shall carry and convey, or cause or procure to be carried 01 conveyed upon Horseback, or in any Wagon, Cart or other Carriage, any Iron so imported, to any Place beyond the Limits prescribed by this Act, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for every hundred Weight of such Iron.

V. And that the Importers of Foreign Pig and Bar Iron, 'not made in and imported from the said Colo oath to be made nies, may not, upon any Pretence whatsoever, claim the Exemption hereby granted; Be it further enactec

of the Place.

where the Iron

of the said Ship or Vessel for any Port of Great Britain, make Oath before the Governor or lieutenant^governor, Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and Naval Officer, or any two of them (which Oatl every such Governor or Lieutenant Governor, Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and Naval Of ficer, is hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) that the Pig or Bar Iron f( shipped, the true Weight whereof shall in such Oath be expressed, was made at within tin

Colony of in which Oath also the Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom thi

said Iron shall be sold or consigned, shall lie expressed; thereupon the said Governor, Lieutenant Go yernor, Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and Naval Officer, or any two of them, shall deliver t such Merchant, Trader, Fadlor or other Person, so making Oath as aforesaid, a Certificate, under they Hands and Seal of Office, of such Oath having been made before them.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons importing any Pig o Bar Iron into Great Britain from his Majesty's Colonies in America, shall import the same duty free as aforesaid, unless such Pig or Bar Iron shall be stamped with some Mark denoting the Colony or Place where th same was made; and unless such Person or Persons shall produce such Certificate to the Chief Officer of th Customs at the Port in Great Britain where the same shall be imported; and unless Oath shall be made be fore the said Chief Officer of the Customs, by the Master or Commanding Officer of the Ship or Vessel importing such Pig or Bar Iron (which Oath such Chief Officer is hereby empowered and required to ad minister without Fee or Reward) that the Iron so imported is the same Iron mentioned in the said Certificate

VII. Provided always, and lie it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Pig or Bar Iron importe into Great Britain, which shall not be so stamped and certified as aforesaid, to be made in his Majesty's CC Ionics in America, shall be subject to the Payment of the same Subsidies, Customs, Impositions, Rates an Duties, to which such L on was liable before the making of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Governor, Lieutenant Govci nor, Collector or Comptroller of the Customs, Naval Officer or Chief Officer of the Customs as aforesaid shall falsely make any such Certificate, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit aid pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and also forfeit and lose his Office, and be incapable of serving hj Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in any Office of Trust or Profit; or if any Merchant, Factor, Tmdi and Master, or Commanding Officer of any Ship or Vessel, shall falsely make any Oath required by th Act, every such Offender shall incur the Punishment infiidted by the Law's of this Realm for wilful and coij rupt Perjury; and if any Person shall knowingly counterfeit any such Stamp, or shall counterfeit any fuel Certificate, or publish the same, knowing it to be counterfeit, every such Person so offending shall incur tl Punishment iuffidted by the Laws of this Realm for Forgery.

IYAR.

- 7 J -- y t -- J - -- 7 -.^.-- - J J -

by the Authority aforesaid, That every Merchant, Trader, Factor or other Person, loading anypigorbai Iron on Board any Ship or Vessel in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, shall, before the clearing oui

to whom consigned.

Certificate io be given.

Rules to be observed in the Importation of Iron,

Iron not marked, a/fd certified, to pay the Duties.

Penalty of false Cei till cales.

Or Oath?

and of counterfeiting the Stamps, or Certificate.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

C 2cj. 263

IX. And, that Pig and Bar Iron made in his Majesty's Colonies in America may be further manufactured

in this Kingdom, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth No Mill for Day ovjitne one thousand seven hundred and fifty, no Mill or other Engine for Slitting or Rolling of Iron, Slitting of iron; or any Plateing Forge to work with a Tilt Hammer, or any Furnace for making Steel, shall he erected, or or Platein3 after such Erection, continued, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, and if any Person or Persons n^e'so^stoeuo shall erect, or cause to be erected, or after such Ereblion, continue, or caul'c to be continued, in any of be crested* said Colonies, any such Mill, Engine, Forge or Furnace, every Person or Persons so offending shall; America. r for every such Mill, Engine, Forge or Furnace, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds of lawful Money renaityof tsool, of Great Britain.

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Mill, Engine, Forge or to be deemed Furnace, so erected or continued, contrary to the Directions of this Act, shall be deemed a common Nui a common fance; and that every Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief of any of his Majesty's nui&nce; Colonies in America, where any such Mill, Engine, Forge or Furnace, shall be erected or continued, shall,

upon Information to him made and given, upon the Oath of any two or more credible Witnesses, that any "0 besbated^such Mill, Engine, Forge or Furnace, hath been so erected or continued (which Oath such Governor,

Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief, is hereby authorised and required to administer) order and cause every such Mill, Engine, Forge or Furnace, to be abated within the Space of thirty Days next after such Information given and made as aforesaid; and if any Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, shall neglect or refuse so to do, within the Time herein before limited for that Purpose, every such Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and final! from thenceforth be Penalty of disabled to hold or enjoy any Office of Trust or Profit under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors. 500l.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfei Method of re tures by this Act inflibted for falsely making any Stamp or Certificate, herein before directed, or for erect covering the

ng or continuing any Mill, Engine, Plateing Forge or Furnace prohibited by this actor for refusing or Penalties. u neglecting to abate the same, shall and may be sued for and recovered by Ablion, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any of the Courts of Record in his Majesty's Colonies in America respectively, wherein the Offender shall dwell at the Time when the Offence shall be committed, or at the Time when such Ablion, Bill, Plaint or Information shall be brought; and every such Ablion, Bill, Plaint or Information, to be brought in Great Britain, shall be laid either in the County where any such Offence shall be committed, o, r where the Offender shall dwell at the Time when such Ablion, Bill, Plaint or Information shall! be brought.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Penalties and Forfeitures shall application of be applied, one Moiety to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such the Penalties, Person or Persons as shall sue for the same.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Bar Iron which shall] be im iron imported

ported from any of his Majesty's Colonies in America into the Port of London, by virtue or under the Au on this Act, to: hority of this present Act, shall be entered at the customhouse in London, and every Bar of the said he entered at the Iron so entered, shall be marked or stamped with such Mark or Stamp as the Commissioners of his Maje puftom house sty's Customs shall for that Purpose order or direct, in three different Parts of every such Bar (that is to say) in .' " "i0"?, two of the said Marks or Stamps at the Distance of one Yard from each End of such Bar, and the other of, ditrerenfp them at or near the Middle thereof. Parts.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit, or wilfully destroy or de Penalty of coun face, any of the said Marks or Stamps, with an Intent to convey or carry the same to any Place ten Miles t tfeitmgorde from any Part of the Port of London, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, every Person so offending, facing the

and being thereof legally convicted, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Ablion st3inl, s of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Governors today of June, every Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief of any of his Majesty's ttanfmic om:

: in America, shall forthwith transmit to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, a Certificate i, c2tc' f , 3 under his Hand and Seal of Office, containing a particular Account of every Mill or Engine for Slitting " il: Ums iron

and Rolling of Iron; and every Plateing Forge to work with a Tilt Hammer; and every Furnace for making

Steel, at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, creeled in his Colony; expressing also in the said Certificate such of them as are used, and the Name or Names of the Proprietor or Proprietors of each such Mill, Engine, Forge and Furnace, and the Place where each such Mil], Engine, Forge and Furnace is erebled, and the Number of Engines, Forges and Furnaces III the said Colony; and if any Governor,

Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief, shall neglect or refuse so to do within six Months after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, every such Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief fc offending, shall be subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, as any Governor, or Lieutenant Governor of any of the said Colonies is liable to for any Offence committed against this Act, to be recovered in like Manner, as is by this Act directed for the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ablion or Suit shall be com Limitation of

menced against any Person or Persons for any tiling done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or De Act onr.

fendants in any such Ablion or Suit may plead the General Hue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in General (rtiic. Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Ablion after the Defendant or defendants.shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon a Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant

2 64-

Treble Ccftu

3°*

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1

5°.

dant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Coil's, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall bedeemed a Public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and other Pci ions whatsoever, without fpc daily pleading the same.

[Public Act.]

See farther 30

CC 2t fi l6.

which extends the Liberty granted by this Act

A P. XXX

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets.

WHEREAS many Persons, Living, Residing, Trading or Dealing within the several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, Hamlets and Places herein after mentioned, do contract several Debts, which in the Whole amount yearly to a great Sum of Money, and although such Debtors are well able to pay their respective Debts, yet often refuse so to do, presuming on the Discouragements their Creditors lie under from the Expense they are unavoidably put unto in suing for the same, and the Delays they meet with even af parish onera to e ter Judgement; and as providing an easy and speedy Method for recovering of Small Debts, will greatly meet on tuesday 6 contribute to the promoting Industry, and supporting and encouraging useful creditmay it therefore afterea^cryear please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent !y, and toi nomi Majesty, by ancj with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this rniflionas °vtz". Present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for bt.mary white such Parishioners or Inhabitants of the several and respective Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, Hamlets and chapel, 31; Places within the said Tower Hamlets, (the Precinct of the said tower within only excepted) as have a Right

Chriflchorchii; to assemble and meet for the Choice of Officers in their several and respective Vestries, or other Places of shored tcb zo meet>ng for transacting the Public!: Business of such Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, Hamlets or Places, and St. John Haiti they or the greater Number of them so assembled as aforesaid, are hereby respectively empowered and rc ney 18; quired on the Tuesday next after the Feast of Easter, or within one m6nth after Easter in the Year of our St Matthew Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and on ev ery Tuesday next after the Feast of Easter, in every ecthnalgreens; succeeding Year, to nominate, assign and appoint in the Whole, the Number of two hundred and forty of Stratford Bow. le 111 tubftantial and discreet Persons residing within their respective Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, Ham bmnihy St.'Iets and Places, who shall each be seized of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of the Value of twenty Leonard 3; Pounds per Annum, clear of all Encumbrances, or possessed of a Personal Estate of the Value of five hundred

Sc an.ic S; Pounds or more, clear of all Encumbrances, to be Commissioners for the Purposes herein after mentioned and expressed in Manner following; videlicet, such Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, to nominate, assign and appoint thirty-one of the said Persons; Parishioners of the Parish of Christchurch other twenty one such Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, other twenty; such Past.

Pad slnd well 16;

St. George 185 St. Tohn wap ringi;

rifhioners of the Parish of Saint

John

Hackney, other eighteen; such Parishioners of the Parish of Saint

st.botolphwiih Matthew Bethnal Green, other eight; such Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Mary, Stratford Bow, other imt Aldgate 15; four. fucj) Parishioners of the Parish of Bromley Saint Leonard, other three; such parishion.rs of the Parish 1 in f Saint Anne, other eight; such Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Paul shad % vc/l, j>ther sixteen; jviii/enj old Parishioners of the Parish of Saint George II. own S; Wapping, other seventeer.; such Parishioners

Ul LII' 1 uuui CL ulu/ll J. util urjuu.il/itly UWIU 1IAV.CCI1 3 HIGH

other eighteen \ such Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Johjj iers of the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, commonly called

7 i

va ll Close 3; Old Artillery Ground 4; Norton I; al f me 5;

Two Lists to be made out; One to be fixed on the Church Door, and one in fume public lvjace.

notc2 to be {iven to ti e Commissioners. A List to be hung up in the Ccuit house.

cotr.nvfiioners coofl ifuted a Ciiint.

Three to sit Tuesday and Friday weekly.

otherwise Stepney, in the County of Middlesex) such Inhabitants of the Precinct of the tower withtmt, other six; such Inhabitants of the Precinct of Saint Katherine's, other seven; Inhabitants of the Precinct of jfell close, other three; such Inhabitants of the Precinct of the Old Artillery Ground, other four; and' fifth Inhabitants of the Liberty of Norton Falgate, other, five; and the Churchwardens of each of the ftfid rt ipcc' tive Parishes or Hamlets, and the Overseers of the Poor of each of the respective Liberties', preci jidis or Places afcrcfiiid, for the time being, or one of them, shall, within two Days next after every such Nomination, cause two Lists to be made out, of the several Persons so respectively nominated, assigned and appointed as aforesaid; the said respective Churchwardens shall cause one of the Lists, or a true copy thereof, to be fixed and stuck up at the Church Door of each respective Parish; and the Overseers of the Poor of each Liberty, Precinct or Place aforesaid, not being a Parish of itself, shall also cause one of the said Lists, or a true Copy thereof, to be fixed and stuck up in some public t.nd convenient Place, in each of their reflective Liberties, Precincts or Places aforesaid, not being a Pariflr of itself; and such Churchwardens and over seers of the Poor respectively shall forthwith give or cause to be given Notice to all and every the comir.il sioners so nominated, assigned and appointed, for each of their respective Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, Hamlets and Places, of their being so appointed Commissioners as aforesaid; fira'.i also within two Days after every Nomination of Commissioners, pursuant to this Act, cause a true Copy of such Lists to be made and wrote fair in one complete List, taking the several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, Hamlets and Places in Order as they land in this Act, and shall slick up the lame in some convenient Part of the Court house, or other convenient Place, to be provided by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, at some General Meeting to be held for that Purpose; which said Persons, so nominated and returned by the said several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, Hamlets and Places respectively as aforesaid, from time to time, are hereby declared, constituted and appointed to be Commissioners to hear and determine all such Matters of Debt as are herein after mentioned; and such Commissioners are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name of The Court of reque/is for the Lower Hamlets; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are liercgy authorised, Empowered and required to assemble, fit and hold the said Court twice

in

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

C 30. 265

in every Week, videlicet, on every Tuesday and Friday, or oftener, if need be, in a Court house to be provided as aforesaid for that Purpose, in the Paid Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, or in foine other convenient Place near or thereunto adjoining: And the said Commissioners, so to be assigned and appointed for the time being, or any three or more of them, shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to give Judge ani tofivejudg ment and Decree, and to award Execution thereupon, with Cotis, against the Bodies, or against the Goods mente. and Chattles of all and every the Person or Persons against whom they shall give any Judgement or Decree, as to them shall seem justin Law or Equity, so as no Person shall remain in Custody upon an Execution for any longer Space of Time than forty Days.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Plaintiff or Creditor, Defendant or Debtor Peiftnsnot sp (after being duly warned or summoned to appear in the said Court, by one of the Beadles herein after di pearing on sum rested to be chosen) shall, without some just Cause to be allowed by the said Commissioners in Court, or tnor, s

any three or more of them, refuse to appear in the said Court before the said Commissioners, or shall not or not conform perform such Order as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall make or set down for or inf> concerning such Debts as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to commit every such Person to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the my be com said County of Middlesex, or to the Gaol for the Liberty of the Tower of London, if such Person shall re m'tted' side in the said Liberty, there to remain until he, she or they shall perform the Order of the said Commissioners, so as no Person shall remain in Custody for any longer Space of Time than forty Days.

III. And, for the more orderly and regular Proceeding in the said Court, and that no undue Preference may be made or given in summoning the said Commissioners to attend the Business of the said Court, Be it'

further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Beadles, or one of them, who are hereby im Commissioners powered and required, from time to time, so to do, shall yearly summon, or cause to be summoned, the first to attend month live Persons out of the first sixty named in the said complete List, the first five Persons out of the second sixty h named in the said complete List, the first five Persons out of the third sixty named in the said completelift, the first five Persons out of the fourth sixty named in the same List, (making in all twenty Persons) to attend as Commissioners of the said Court for one Calendar Month, to commence at and upon the first Day of May in each Year and so the like Number of five Persons next (landing, and successively following in each of the said sixty Names, as they shall stand in Order and Rotation upon the said complete List, to serve as Commissioners from Month to Month, during the Term for which they are so chosen Commissioners.

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to of exclude or debar any of the Persons who shall be nominated, appointed and returned for Commissioners as nit in Roiaiio aforesaid, being duly qualified as aforesaid, from sitting in the said Court, although they be not in Flotation; may lit.

but that all such Commissioners shall and may, so often as they shall respectively think fit, fit and give Judgement therein; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May one thou Power to ffie sand seven hundred and fifty, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons who now have, or here Refiants for any after shall have any Debt or Debts owing unto him, her or them, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, e 1 un ei 40 s' by any Person or Persons whatsoever, residing or inhabiting, or keeping any Shop, Shed, Stall or Stand, or

seeking a Livelyhood, or trading or dealing within the District herein before described, or any Part thereof, to cause such Debtor or Debtors, so refiant, inhabiting or keeping any Shop, Shed, Stall or Stand, or seeking a Livelihood, or trading or dealing, as aforesaid, to be warned or summoned by one of the said Beadles, Beadle to sum who is hereby apnointed, authorised and required to execute all Warrants, Precepts and Process of the said 0^hcdtbt" Court of Requests, by Personal Service, or by Writing left at the Dwellinghouse or Place of Abode, Shop, L Shed, Stall, Stand, or any other Place of Dealing of such Debtor or Debtors, to appear before the Commissioners of the said Court, to be held at or in the said court house, or other Place to be provided, as afore afrersummons said; that the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, after such Summons as afore the commission said, have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, from time to time, to make or cause to be made, ers to 8, ve Jlld3" such Acts, Order or Orders, Decrees, Judgments and Proceedings, between such Party or Parties, plain ment' tiffs, and his, her or their Debtor or Debtors, Defendants, touching such Debts, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, as they shall find to stand with Equity and good Conscience; all such Acts, Order Orders, cof or Orders, Decrees, Judgments and Proceedings, shall be entered and registered in a Book or Books, to be lhe.jr° "rt to^kept for that Purpose by the Clerks of the said Court, or one of them, and shall be observed, performed andreg: le kept in all Farts, as well by the Plaintiff, as the Debtor or Defendant.

VI. And for the more due and regular Proceeding in the said Court intended to be established by this Act, Commissioners it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or may »dminmtr more of them, to administer an Oath to the Plaintiff or Defendant, and to such Witness or Witnesses as to !he shall be produced by each Party, and also to all or any of the Officers of the said Court, for or concerningp2rties'

any Business relative thereunto, if the same Commissioners, or any three or more of them shall so think it

meet.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Debt, or Action on [f Action for the Case upon an dffhrnpfit for Recovery of any Debt be sued or prosecuted against any Person or Persons Debt under 40s. aforesaid, in any of the King's Courts at Westminster or elsewhere, out of the said Court of Requests, and be sued in it shall appear to the Judge or Judges of the Court where such Action shall be sued or prosecuted, that the at other Court, Debt to be recovered by the Plaintiff in such Action doth not amount to the Sum of forty Shillings, and the Defendant in such Action shall duly prove, by sufficient Testimony, to be allowed by any the Judge or

judges of the Court where such Action shall depend, that at the Time of commencing such Action, such lefendant was inhabiting and refiant within the District herein before described, or any Pan thereof, and was liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Requests for such Debt; then, and in such Case, the said Judge or Judges shall not allow to the said Plaintiff any Costs of Suit; but shall award that the Plaintiff t the said Plaintiff shall pay so much ordinary Costs to the Party Defendant, as such Defendant shall justly pay Costs; prove before the said Judge or Judges it hath truly cost him in Defence of the said Suit.

266 C 30.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 17

75c*

the Judge

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where the Plaintiff frail upon certify there was any /y<5jjon brought in any of the King's Courts at Westminster, or in any of the Courts of Great Session of cauibofaftiun aes > Counties Palatine, obtain a Verdict for less than forty Shillings, if the Judge or Judges, who shall try the said Cause, shall certify, that there was a probable or reasonable Cause of Action lor forty shil then the plaintiff lings or more, in every such Case, the Plaintiff shall not be liable to pay Costs, but shall recover his Costs 10 have Costs of Suit, as if this Act had not been made.

Method of f'ro

IX. And, for the more effectual establishing of the said Court of Requests, and the better enforcing the iccding when Orders and Decrees which shall be made by the said Commissioners; that the said of may any shall insult be inverted with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from any Insults or Abuses; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall contemptuously affront, insult or abuse all or any of the commissioners of the said Court, during their Sitting in the said Court, it fiia.ll and may be lawful to and for the said Beadles, or one of them, by Order of the said Commissioners then sitting, or the major Part of them, being three or more, to take such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, into Custody, and carry him, her or them before one or more of his Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, if the said Offence he committed within the said County; or before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, if the Offence be committed within that Liberty, to answer such Affront, Insult or Abuse; and upon the Fact alleged being duly proved, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, against him, her or them, then, and in such Case, the said Justice or Justices shall] proceed to punish such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, by Fine not exceeding twenty Shillings, which Fine shall be immediately paid into the Hands of the said Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be carried; and if such Offender or Offenders shall not so pay the said Fine in Manner as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice or Justices for the said County of Middlesex, or the Liberty of the Tower aforesaid, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol, or House of Correction for the said County of Middlesex, or to the said Gaol for the said Liberty, where the said Offence shall happen respectively to be committed, there to remain for any Time not exceeding the Space of one Calendar Month, or until he, she or they shall have paid the said Fine; and such Fine, when received by the said Justice or Justices, shall be immediately paid over into the Hands of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Liberty, Hamlet, Precinct or Place where such Offence shall be committed, or where the Party shall reside at the Time of committing such Offence, to be applied towards the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet or Place.

Copy of the prex. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks of the said Court, or one of ceding Clause to them, shall fix, or cause to be fixed or stuck up, in the most public Part of the Court house aforesaid, for the said Tower Hamlets, or other Place where the said Commissioners shall fit to do Business as aforesaid, a true Copy of the preceding Clause of this Act, to the End that no Person or Persons shall or may pretend Ignorance in the Premises.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons, shall make Oath, or give Evidence, in any Cause depending in the said Court of Requests, whereby he, she or they shall commit any wilful or corrupt Perjury, and thereof be duly convicted according to Law, then every such Person or Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties, as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful Perjury, according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners so nominated, assigned and appointed as aforesaid, shall and may meet at the said Court house, or some other convenient Place in the said Tower Hamlets, on Tttcflay the first Day of May in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty, or within one Month afterwards, in the Forenoon of the same Day; and then and there the said Commissioners, or the greater Number of them then present, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered and required by Ballot to choose Clerks of the said Court, not exceeding four, nor less than two; and also Beadles <jf the same Court, not exceeding four; who shall continue Clerks and Beadles of the said Court, during so long Time as they shall behave themselves well in their respective Offices.

XIII. Provided always, That no Commissioner shall be capable of holding the Office of Clerk, or any other Place of Profit belonging to the said Court.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful for the said Commissioners in Court, or the major Part of them then present, on the next court day after the Death or Resignation of the said Clerks or Beadles, or any or either of them, or so soon after as the same is publicly known; and they are hereby required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned, who next before such Death or Resignation were nominated and returned as aforesaid (by giving them four Days Notice at least) to meet at the Place aforesaid, within twenty Days next after their being summoned as aforesaid; such Commissioners at such Meeting are hereby authorised, empowered and required by Ballot to choose another Person or Persons, in the Room of such Clerks and Beadles, or any or either of them, so dying or resigning as aforesaid, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act contained; and so, from time to time, upon every such Vacancy of the said Office of Clerk or Beadle, for ever.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of the Powers given by this Act, until such Time as he and they shall respectively have taken an Oath, to the Effect following;

T A. B do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially and honestly, according to the hest of myjudg*JL ment, hear and determine such Matters and Things as shall be brought before me, by virtue of an Act of Parliament (intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets) without Favour or Affection to cither Party; and that I am now seized of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of the Value of twenty Pounds per Annum, clear of all Encumbrances, or that I am L uo lie fled of a Personal Estate of the Value of five hundred Pounds, dear of all Encumbrances whatsoever.'

Which

Fine not to exceed 20 s.

nor the imprisonment one Month.

Application of the Fine.

be hung up in the Court.

Penalty of per jury.

Commissioners to rnpet on 1 May 1750,

and choose Clerks and Beadles.

Commissioners i (qualified from icingcleiksi&c* On the Death or Resignation of any of the clerks or Readies, the commioioners to elect others.

Commissioners II be fwern.

The Oath.

A.D. 1750. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

C 30. 267

Which Oath three of the Persons to be assigned, nominated and appointed Commissioners as aforesaid, are hereby empowered to administer, or eause to be administered, and a Memorial thereof shall be entered in the Register of the said Court.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Sees and Sums of Money The Fees of hereafter limited and expressed, and no more or greater Fees shall and may be taken for the respective Ser the clerks and vices of the Clerks and Beadles; that is to say, Readies.

For every Summons, to the Clerks, threepence; to the Beadles, twopence.

For every Hearing, to the Clerks, threepence.

For calling the Defendant before the Court, when he or she refuse to appear, to the Clerks, twopence; to the Beadles, one Penny.

For an Attachment against the Defendant for not appearing to the Summons, to the Clerks, sixpence; to the Beadles, one Shilling.

For an Execution, to the Clerks, eight Pence; to the Beadles, one Shilling.

For paying Money into Court, to the Clerks, sixpence.

For acknowledging Satisfaction in full, to the Clerks, fourpence.

For acknowledging Satisfaction in part, to the Clerks, twopence.

For searching the Books, to the Clerks, twopence.

P'or a Nonsuit on the plaintiff's not appearing, to the Clerks, twopence.

XVII. Provided always, That a yearly Account shall be given upon Oath, by the said several Clerks and An Account np

Beadles, before the said Commissioners, sitting in Court, or any three of them, of the Amount of the Fees on Oath, of the by them severally received; and that if the Fees hereby appointed to be taken for the Services of the Clerks Foes, to be given shall, in any one V'ear, exceed two hundred Pounds to each Clerk, clearof all Charges; and thefees for the exceed

Services of the Beadles, exceed sixty Pounds to each Beadle, clear of all Charges, it shall and may be law ?coi. to each full for the Commissioners at a General Meeting to beheld and summoned for that Purpose, to order the Clerk, or (So I, Surplus to be divided between the Clerks and Beadles in Proportion to their respective Sums of two hundred to each Beadle, Pounds, and sixty Pounds per Annum, and to order for the future that the said Fees be reduced, so as to the Surplus to bring in, as near as may be, the said respective Sums of two hundred Pounds a Year to each of the Clerks, ^4" Sees re and the said respective Sums of sixty Pounds a Year to each of the Beadles; and if at any Time after such duced Reduction, the Business of the said Court shall decline, so as not to produce the said several Sums of two

hundred Pounds a Year to each Clerk, and the said several Sums of sixty Pounds a Year to each Beadle, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners at a General Meeting as aforesaid, to reduce the Number of Clerks, or increase the Sees again, so as they do not at any Time exceed the present settled Fees.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Table of the aforesaid Fees shall be hung Table of the Fees up by the Clerks of the said Court, or one of them, in some public and conspicuous Part of the said Court to be hung Up. House, or other Place where the said Commissioners shall meet for the Purposes aforesaid, to the end that

all Persons concerned may at all Times see and read over the same; and if the said Clerks or Beadles, or Penalty of ta either of them, for the time being, shall take or demand any greater or other Fees than as abovementioned, king greater or shall otherwisejnifbehave himself or themselves in the Execution of his or their Office, then he or they Sees, C for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay such Fine, not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds, as the said Commissioners, or any three of them shall affiefs, to be applied to the Use of the Sick, in the London Infirmary.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Complaint made by any Person Proceeding or Persons, of the Misbehaviour or Breach of Duty of the Clerks or Beadles, or any or either of them, to against clerks, be appointed by virtue of this at, or of any Clerk or Clerks, Beadle or Beadles, in taking or demanding cheer the any greater or other Fees than as abovementioned; if it shall appear to the said Commissioners, or the offence^r.ves major Part of them then present, that such Complaint deserves a greater Punishment, then such Commis

ftoners so sitting in Court are hereby directed and required to eause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned to meet as soon as conveniently may be, by Notice in Writing to be given to all the said Commissioners respectively by the Beadles aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons the Commissioners shall direct, at leaf!: four Days before the holding of such Meeting; and the said Commissioners so summoned, and then present, being not less than sixty, shall and may examine into the Merits of such Complaint; and if it shall then appear to the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that such Clerks or Beadles, or any or either of them, have or hath been guilty of Misbehaviour or Breach of Duty as aforesaid, in his or their Office, or in taking any greater or other Fees than abovementioned, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to suspend or remove such Clerks and Beadles, or any or either of them, from his or their said Office, and to call another General Meeting of the whole Commissioners, by giving two Days Notice at leaf!, in Writing, as aforesaid, and within eight Days next after the Removal of such Clerks or Beadles, or any or either of them; at which Meeting all the Commissioners, or the greater Part of them, shall and may choose by Ballot a Clerk or Clerks, Beadle or Beadles of the said Court, in the Room of such Clerk or Clerks, Beadle or Beadles so removed as aforesaid.

XX. Provided always, That this AI, or anything herein contained, hall not extend to any Debt for Certain Debts any Rent upon any Lease of Lands or Tenements, or any other real contrar, nor to any other Debt that excepted, shall arise by reason of any Cause concerning Testament or Matrimony, or anything concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, albeit the same shall be under forty Shillings; anything herein

before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no arion or Suit for any Debt not No Suit fordebts

amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this AR in the said Court of Re recoverable by quests, shall be brought against any Person residing or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction thereof, in any other this Act, to be in Court whatsoever.' any olilel court,

M in z

Anno vicesimo tertio eorgii II

268 C 31.

A.D. 175c.

3o 1 per Ann. to be paid ycaily to ech of the Four Council of the Marshalsea.

This Act not to extend to the Precinct of the lower within, C

Limitation of Actions,

[General Issue.]

[Public Act.]

[Treble Costs.]

XXII. And whereas the Four Council of the ancient Court of the Marshalsea, and of the Court of his Majesty's Palace of Westminster, who hold their Office for the Terms of their Natural Lives respectively, and who have been made chargeable by Parliament, and actually assessed to the Land Tax for their freeholds in their said Offices, will sustain great Loss by this present Act, unless a Compensation shall be made to them for the same Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks of the said Court of Requests for the time being shall, and they are hereby required out of the Fees limited or to be limited to the said Clerks by virtue of this present Act, to pay or cause to be paid unto John Lawton, Lomax Martyn, George Weller, and John Le Gross Spclman, Esquires, the present Council of the said ancient Court of the Marshalsea, and the Court of his Majesty's Palace of Westminster, as a Compensation for the Loss they will sustain in their said Offices by this present Act, for and during the Terms of their respective natural Lives, the yearly Sum of thirty Pounds apiece, of lawful Money of Great Britain, (free and clear of and from all Charges and Deductions whatsoever) to be paid to them severally and respectively, yearly and every Year, at or upon the several Feast Days following; that is to say, the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel; the Feast of the Nativity of our Lord Christ; the Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary; and the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, by even and equal Portions; the first: Payment thereof to begin and to be made at or upon the Feast Day of Saint Michael the Archangel, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty.

XXIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to restrain the ancient Court of Record, held for and within the Liberty of the Tower of London, from holding Plea of any Personal Action, the Cause of which sir all arise within the Precinct of the Fortress of the said Tovjer, commonly called The Precinct of the Tower within, or from holding Plea of any Personal Action (other than Actions for Debts not amounting to the Value of forty Shillings, the Cause of which shall arise in any Part of the Liberty of the said Tower, out of the said Precinct of the Tower within) or to take away or abridge any Jurisdiction, Authority, Privilege, Immunity or Exemption, which the Chief Governor of the said Tovjer, or his Deputy or Deputies, or any Officers orministers, or Inhabitants within the said Liberty, enjoys or enjoy, or ought to enjoy by virtue of any Law, Usage, Custom, Prescription, Grant, Charter or Commission; thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, then and in such Case such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit to be brought shall and may plead the General flue, and give this Act, and the said Special Matter in Evidence, atanytrial to be had thereupon; and if the Plaintiff or plaintiifs shall become nonsuited, ordifeon tinue his, her or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits; or if upon Verdict or Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

See 25 Geo. 2. c. 4d.

Free Trade to Attica.

Traders incorporated, C

Their Name,

The Forts, Settlements and Factories, ces the Royal African Company vested in the new company.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa.

WHEREAS the Trade to and from Africa is very advantageous to Great Britain, and necessary for the supplying the Plantations and Colonies thereunto belonging with a sufficient Number of Negroes, at reasonable Rates; and for that Purpose the said Trade ought to be free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects Therefore be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, 'by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for all his Majesty's Subjects to trade and traffic to and from any Port or Place in Africa, between the Port of Sallee in South Barbary, and the Cape of Good Hope, when, and at such Times, and in such Manner, and in or with such Quantity of Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, as he or they shall think fit, without any Restraint whatsoever, save as is herein after expressed.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all his Majesty's Subjects, who shall trade to or from any of the Ports or Places of Africa, between Cape Blanco, and the Cape of Good Hope, shall for ever hereafter be a Body Corporate and Politic, in Name and in Deed, by the Name of The Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and by the same Name shall have perpetual Succession, and shall have a Common Seal; and by that Name shall and may sue, and may be sued, and do any other Act, Matter and Thing, which any other Body Corporate or Politic, as such, can or may lawfully do.

III. And the better to uphold, maintain and defend, all such Sorts, Factories and Settlements, on the Coast of Africa, as now are erected, or hereafter shall be thought necessary to be erected, for the securing and better carrying on the said Trade, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the British Forts, Settlements and Factories on the Coast of Africa, beginning at Cape Blanco aforesaid, and extending from thence to the Cape of Good Hope inclusive, and all other the Regions, Countries, Dominions, Territories, Continents, Coasts, Ports, Bays, Rivers and Places, lying and being within the aforesaid Limits, and the Islands near adjoining to those Coasts, and comprehended within those Limits, which are now claimed by, or are in the Possession of the Royal African Company of England, or which may be hereafter in the Possession of the Company hereby established, shall, from and after the passing of an Act of Parliament for divesting the African Company of their Charter, Forts, Castles, and Military Stores, Canoe Men, Castle Slaves, and all other their Property on the Coast of Africa, their Goods and Merchandizes

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

26 9

A.D. 1750.

C

0

r.

only excepted, be absolutely vested in the said new Company established by this Act, and their successors, to the Intent and Purpose that the said Forts, Settlements and Premises, shall be employed at all Times hereafter, only for the Protection, Encouragement and Defence, of the said Trade.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the Com Company pro pany established by this Act, to trade to or from Africa in their corporate or joint Capacity, or to have any jubited to trade joint or transferable Stock, or to borrow or take up any Sum or Sums of Money, on their Common Seal, caucky C

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Direction and Management of the a^ommittee of Affairs of the said Company hereby established, shall be in and by a Committee of nine Persons, to be cho njne to baclofen annually, as hereafter is mentioned, who are to meet and assemble together, from time to time, as often fen annually to as shall be necessary, at some Place in the City of London, and the committee men for the time being, or manage the af any five or more of them, or the major Part of them so assembled, shall, from and after the passing such atfairs of the

of Parliament for diverting the African Company of their Charter, Sorts, Castles and Military Stores, Ca t'oml anf no Men, Cartle Slaves, and all other their Property on the Coast of Africa, as aforesaid, or before the paf sing such Act, so far as the said African Company shall consent thereto, have full Power, from time to time, to make Orders for the governing, maintaining, preserving and improving the Forts and Factories already built, or which hereafter shall be built, within the Limits aforesaid; to appoint Governors, Deputy Governors, or any other Officers, Civil or Military, of or for the said Forts and Settlements, and them to remove and displace when they shall see fit; and to make Orders and Regulations for the better Government of the said Officers and Servants abroad, and to take Security from them for their good Behaviour, and for their paying due Obedience to the Regulations established by this Act, and to such other Orders and Reno Reflra; ntt0 gulations as the said Committee shall, from time to time, think proper to make; so as no Orders or re be laid on the gulations, to be made by the said Committee, shall tend to lay any Restraint whatsoever on the said Trade Trade, or tra or Traders to or from Africa, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act. der,

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Traders or Persons intending to trade Traders who to or from Africa, who, in order to be admitted into the Freedom of the said Company, shall, on or before (hailpay 40 s. the thirtieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, have paid into the Hands of the Chamber for lhpr free lain of the City of London, the Sum of forty Shillings each for their Freedom in the said Company, shall m ln the or may meet and assemble on the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty, in the Guildhall of me7tpon>j, fu the said City; and they, or the major Part of them so assembled, shall or may choose three Persons: iy, and choose that in like Manner such others of the Traders to or from Africa, who, in order to be admitted into the the firstcom freedom of the said new Company, shall, on or before the said thirtieth Day of June one thousand seven hun mittee

dred and fifty, have paid into the Hands of the Clerk of the Merchants Hall in the City of Bristol, the Sum of forty Shillings each for their Freedom of the said Company, shall or may assemble on the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty, in some convenient Place in the City of Bristol; and they, or the major Part of them so assembled, shall choose three other Persons; and that in like Manner such other of the Traders to or from Africa, who, in order to be admitted into the Freedom of the said new Company, shall, on or before the said thirtieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, have paid into the Hands of the Town Clerk of Liverpool, the Sum of forty Shillings each for their Freedom in the said Company, shall or may assemble on the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty, in the Townhall of Liverpool, and they, or the major Part of them, who shall be so assembled, shall and may choose three other Persons; the nine Persons so to be chosen in the Manner before expressed, shall be the first w!l° f to con annual Committee for managing the Affairs of the said Company, and shall continue in Office for one Year, y" "101 one and until others shall be chosen in their Room respectively, as is herein after mentioned.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all future Elections, the said elt aions to be Committee of nine Persons shall annually, on the third Day of July in every Year, be nominated and cho on j^y yea'iy. fen as follows; that is to fey. Three of the said Committee shall be nominated and chosen by the major Part

of the Freemen of the said Company, admitted to the Freedom of the said Company in London, who shall assemble for that Purpose at London; Three other Persons to be of the said Committee, shall be chosen and nominated by the major Part of the Freemen of the said Company admitted to the Freedom of the said Company in Bristol, who shall assemble for that Purpose at Bristol; and Three other Persons to be of the said Committee, shall be chosen and nominated by the major Part of the Freemen of the said Company admitted to the Freedom of the said Company in the Town of Liverpool, who shall assemble for that Purpose at Liverpool.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the major Part of the Freemen of Power to choose the said Company, made free at London, act embled for that Purpose at London, from time to time, at their

Will and Pleasure, to choose and supply one or more committee man or committee men, in the Place or jioon^of those Places of any of the committee men by them chosen, that shall happen to die, be removed, or refuse to wh0 fluii die, al; and in like Manner, that it shall and may be lawful for the major Part of the Freemen of the said Company, made free at Bristol, assembled for that Purpose at Bristol, from time to time, at their Will and pleasure, to choose and supply one or more committee man or committee men, in the Place or Places of any of the committee men by them chosen, that shall happen to die, be removed, or refuse to at: And that it shall and maybe lawful for the major Part of the Freemen of the said Company, made free at Liverpool, assembled for that Purpose at Liverpool, from time to time, at their Will and Pleasure, to choose and supply one or more committee man or committee men, in the Place or Places of any of the committee men by jo Days Notice them chosen, that shall happen to die, be removed, or refuse to at: And public Notice shall be inserted o*'such Election in the London Gazelle, previous to every such Election, by the Committee for managing the Affairs of the said Company, of the Time and Place when and where such eletion is to be had, ten Days at lead before on a'

the ime appointed for such eletion.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case at' the Time apis no Election pointed for the first and other eletions of the said committee men, the Traders admitted to their Freedom, trade by the in any one or more of the said Cities and Towns respectively, shall neglet to proceed to such Choice; in Town" such as that Case, such other of the Persons who shall be chosen by the Traders admitted to their Freedom in the ftau be defied

27 o ct

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

other of the said Cities or Towns, or the major Part of them, though less in Number than nine, shall or ic may act as the Committee for managing the Affairs of the said Company, until the next annual Election;

by the other,

flioll manage the ]

T anii Eat Elections of committee men for managing the Affairs of the said Company, shall be determined tliaifbva Sun the Majority of Votes then present; that in all Cases, where the third Day of July shall happen today, the Election fa" or be on a Sunday, the annual Election of committee men shall be had and made on Monday the fourth

to be on the 4 th. Day of fitly.

in Equality of X Provided always, That in case of an Equality of Votes, the Lord Mayor of Linden, the Mayor of Votes, the bri/lol, and the Mayor of Liverpool respectively, shall and may determine which of such Persons shall be Mayor to de the committee man or committee men.

termine.

First Meeting of the Committee.

"No Orders of,

the Committee, and no Order or Resolution of the said Committee, to which all the Members of the said Committee, pre to which all are sent at the making thereof, shall not be confeming, shall be valid or binding, unless the same shall be ap notcontenting, proved and confirmed at a subsequent Meeting of the said Committee, at which all the Members of the said less confirmed at eon?m'ttee fl)a'l be present, or of which, such of them as shall happen to beabfent, shall have had the usual a subsequent Meeting.

Chairman to be chefen.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Committee for managing the Affairs of the said new Company, shall meet together for the first Time on the first Monday in August one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and shall then settle the Manner of their future Meetings, and of the Notices and Summons to be sent for that Purpose, from time to time, to the Members of the said Committee;

Notice.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on every Meeting of the said Committee, when the Time prefixed for entering on Business shall become, and the said nine committee men, or so many of them as are necessary to make a Committee, shall be present, before they enter upon Business, a Chairman shall be chosen by Lot out of the committee men then present, who shall take the Chair for that Meeting; and shall not be permitted to give his Vote that Day on any Question before the said Committee, unless there shall happen to be an Equality of Votes on any Question orquestions; in all which Cases the said Chairman shall be at Liberty to give his Vote on which Side of the Question he shall judge to be right:

Crmm; ctee men And to prevent any of the said committee men from being designedly absent when a Chairman is to be cho

bfrnt at the fen every committee man, who shall not be present at the Choice of a Chairman, shall not be permitted to

vote on any Question before the Committee that Day; but shall be at Liberty to be present, and give his Opinion in all Matters whatsoever, as any other committee man may do: And all Matters which shall be decided by a Plurality of Votes of such committee men as shall be entitled to vote, shall be deemed and taken to be decided by a Majority of committee men present; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of his Majesty's Subjects who shall, on or before the said thirtieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, pay to the Chamberlain of London, the Clerk of the Merchants Hall in brz/?s/, or the own Cleric of Liverpool respectively, the Sum of forty Shillings each, for their Freedom in the said Company, shall be the first Freemen and Members of the said new Company established by this Act: And that, from and after the said thirtieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, any other of his Majesty's Subjects, trading, or intending to trade to or from Africa, shall and may be admitted to be a Freeman or Member of the said Company at London, Bristol, or Liverpool, upon his Payment of the Sum of forty Shillings for the same, to such Person or Persons, as the Committee for managing the Affairs of the said Company shall, and are hereby required, from time to time, to appoint to receive the same in London, Bristol, or Liverpool, respectively.

XIV. Provided always, That no Persons so admitted, after the said thirtieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, shall be entitled to vote for the Election of any committee man, until one Year after such Admission.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Chamberlain of London, the Clerk of the Merchants Hall in bri/lol, the Town Clerk of Liverpool, and such other Persons, whom the Committee for managing the Affairs of the said Company shall, at any Time hereafter, appoint to receive the

of forty Shillings for the Admission of Persons into the Freedom of the said Company, shall, upon

Choice of th Chairman, not to vole.

Trnders paying 50s. on or before 30 June 1730, to be the fit ft Members, C

Persons admitted after Jojune, not to vote at an elrfvton for 1 Year.

Certificates to Vcrl ons admitted.

bums

See of the Certificate.

Names of the Company to be entered.

Sums received for Freedom';

1

their receiving the same, sign and deliver a Certificate to the Person paying the same, certifying his having paid the Sum of forty Shillings for his being admitied into the Freedom of the said Company; for which Certificate there shall be paid to the Person appointed to receive the said Sums of forty Shillings, the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence, and no more, as a Fee or Reward for his Trouble therein; and the Names and Places of Abode of every Person paying the said Sum of forty Shillings, shall be entered in a Book or Books, which the Person receiving the same is hereby required to keep for that Purpose.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Chamberlain of London, the Clerk to of the Merchants Flail at Bristol, and the Town Clerk of Liverpool, shall respectively pay over the fbveral

ordiroahe5 Sums of forty Shillings, which shall have been paid to them for Freedoms of the said Company, to such Committee Sec. Eerson or Persons whom the Committee of the said Company shall authorise to receivy the same; and shall the same Time, deliver over the Books, in which the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons who shall have respectively paid the said Sums of forty Shillings each for their Freedoms in the said Company, shall have been entered, to such Person or Persons as the said Committee shall appoint to receive the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons who shall, from time to time, be appointed by the said Committee at London, Bristol, and Liverpool, to receive the said Sums of foitv Shillings, payable by Persons on their being admitted into the Freedom of the said Comp my, shall annually, or oftener, if required by the said Committee, pay and deliver over all such Sums, which shall have been paid to them respectively for Freedoms in the said Company, together with Lists of the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons from whom they shall have respectively received the same, to the said Committee, or as they shall, from time to time, direct.

XVIII. And be it trurther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a true and exact List shall, from time to time, he made and kept at the Office or Place where the said Committee shall transact their Business in London, of the Names and Places of Abode of all Persons admitted into the Freedom of the said Company, 3 dicti..guish

Receivers to pay the lime annually, and to deliver Kills of the jnfames.

i.ift of the Company 10 be kept a 1 the Office,

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

C 31. 271

distinguishing the Place where each Person was admitted; which List hall annually, ten Days at feast before amt to be printed the annual Elections, be printed and delivered, without Fee or Reward, to such of the Persons admitted in annually before to the Freedom of the Paid Company, who shall desire the same. the Elections.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of being cho None to be chosen, or acting as a committee man, above three Years successively; two or more Persons, who shall be fen into the

in Copartnership in Trade, shall not be capable to be chosen or apt as committee men, during the same Years

Time or Year: And the said nine Persons, or any of them, shall not, during such Time as they shall be of fuc^cvfvcly'&c. the said Committee, in any Manner, directly or indirectly, trade jointly, or in Copartnership, to Africa, or to trade in or lade, or cause to be laden, any Goods or Merchandizes on Board the same Ship, in which any one of Partnership, the said nine committee men shall, for that Voyage, have before laden Goods to be carried to any Place in Africa.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee shall and may, from time to time, invefl such Committee may

Part of the Money in their Hands, as they shall judge necessary, in the Purchase of Goods and Stores, which, veil the Money after the same are insured, which they are hereby empowered and required to procure to be done, are to bein the Purchase. sent and exported to Africa, there to be sold, disposed of and applied, for the sole Use, Preservation and Im dj "c1'e provement of the Forts and Settlements there, and for the Payment of the Salaries and Wages to the Qffi for the ute of cers, and other Persons employed for keeping and preserving the said Forts and Settlements, and not other the Settlements; wife: But it shall not be lawful for the said Committee to carry, or cause to be carried, or exported from but not carry on Africa, any Negroes, or other Goods, in Return for the said Goods they hall so export from Great Britain, a Trade to and orin any other Manner to carry on any Trade to or from Africa: And a just: and true Account of the said Oom Africa. committee's Receipts and Payments shall, from time to time, be kept in a Book or Books for that Purpose of the which Book or Books shall be open at the Office or Place where the said Committee shall transaift the Af Receipts and fairs and Business of the said Company in London, to be perused at all seasonable Times by any Person ad Payraerltst0 bl mined to the Freedom of the said Company, without Fee or Reward. 0'l'n'

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for Trade and Planta The commif tions are hereby authorised and empowered, from time to time, in case any of the said committee men, or sioners for Trade any Officer or Servant appointed by them, shall be guilty of any Misbehaviour, contrary to the true Intent reove any and Meaning of this Act, to remove any of the said committee men, Officers or Servants, from their Ein tee men^offi ployments, giving Notice of such Removal, and specifying the Causes thereof, to the said Committee; cers)

and when a committee man shall be so removed, the said Committee shall give Notice forthwith to the on Removal of Mayor of the City or Town by whom the said committee man was chosen, to elect another in the Room or a Committee stead of him so removed; and if an Officer or Servant shall be so removed, the said Committee are hereby mao, Notice to empowered to appoint another in the Room or Stead of him or them so removed. be given.

XXII. Provided nevertheless, That whenever any committee-man shall be charged with misbehaviour in his employment, the commissioners for trade and plantations shall summon such committee-man to appear before them, and shall, in case he attends, hear such committee-man; and upon his attendance or default, examine into the truth of the said charge, before they shall remove him from his employment as aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Misbehaviour,

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Committee shall, and they Comn, ittee to are hereby required to render a just: and perfect Account of all their Transactions once a Year, ro the Com g; ve the commissioners for Trade and Plantations, or oftener, if thereunto required by the said Commissioners, or any missioners an three or more of them; in which shall be contained an Account of all the Moneys received and disbursed Account yearly by the said Committee, or their Order; and also an Account of all the Orders and Inilrutftions given by the of their Pro" said Committee, as well to their Officers and Servants in Great Britain, as on the Const: of Africa; and all ceedll: |ss> C the Answers given thereto by the said Officers and Servants employed by the said Committee; and of all

other Matters and Things whatsoever which shall he transaifted by the said Committee.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Committee, out of the Mo Application of nies they shall receive, shall deduct annually a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of eight hundred Pounds, for the Moneys te defraying, in the first Place, the Salaries of their Clerks and Agents at London, Brifol, and Liverpool, the cep ed by tlw House rent of their Office in London, and all other Charges of Management, Commission or Agency, Commiltce'

ill England; and the Residue of the said eight hundred Pounds shall be shared and divided among! themselves., as they shall judge proper, as a Compensation for their Trouble and Attendance in the said Office of committeemen; the ref! of the Moneys which the said Committee shall receive for the Admission of Persons into the Freedom of the said Company, or otherwise, shall be applied and appropriated wholly to the Maintenance, Support and Improvement of the Forts and Settlements already built, or which hereafter shall be built, on the Coast of Africa, which shall be in the Possession of the said Company; and for keeping them in good Repair; and for providing Ammunition, and other Stores, and Officers and Soldiers to defend the same; and for paying the said Officers and Soldiers; and to and for 110 other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Committee shall, within one Committee at Month after the Expiration of the Year for or during which they shall have been chosen Committee men, the kxp.r.iri., n. lay before the Cursitor Baron of the Court of Exchequer, an Account of all the Money received by the seethe y, ar, to Committee during the preceding Year and of the Application thereof, upon Oath; and the said Cursitor

Baron shall, within one Month after the said Account shall be laid before him, examine, p ifs and audits the cur|il0'

same; and for the better discovering of the Truth of such Account, the said Cursitor Baron is hereby im Baron; powered to examine any of the said committee men, and such other Person or Persons as he shall judge necessary, upon Oath, touching the Articles or Particulars in such Account expressed, or such of them as the said Cursitor Baron shall think fit; which Account, so audited and passed by the Cursitor Baron, shall lie final and conclusive, and shall be a full and absolute Discharge to the said committee men, without their ami a copy being compelled to give or render any further or other Account thereof; and the said Committee shall, thereof, and of every Session of Parliament, lay before the Parliament a Copy of such annual Account, audited as afore ihenmwred. laid, and of all Orders and Regulations made by them in the preceding Year, relating to the said Forts and

Settlements, or the Government of their Officers or Servants employed

272 C. 31. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

and before a nenl Meeting

Tt iders not to be obstructed.

The Buildings to be free for Warehouses 5

and for Safety of their Person.

Traders may build Houses under the protection of the Forts.

Notice shall be previously given in the London Gazette

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Officer, or an" other Person to be employed by the said Committee, at any of the Forts or Settlements built or to be built in Africa, shall at any Time hereafter, in any Manner, or on any Pretence, obstruct: or hinder any of his Majesty's Subjects in Trading; and that the Forts, Warehouses and Buildings, already erected, or which shall hereafter be erected, by the said Company, shall and may at all Times hereafter be free and opn to all his Majesty's Subjects, to be used as Warehouses for depofuing Gunpowder, Gold, Elephants Teeth, Wax, Gums and Drugs, and no other Goods.

XXVII. Provided nevertheless, That the said Forts, Warehouses and Buildings, may and shall, in case of Necessity or Danger, be free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects, for the Safety of their Persons, and Security of all their Effects whatsoever.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects trading to Africa, for the Security of their Goods or Slaves, to eredb Houses and Warehouses, under the Protection of the said Forts, or elsewhere in any other Part of Africa within the Limits aforesaid, for the better carrying on of his or their Trade there; which Houses and Warehouses shall be the Property of the Person or Persons who shall build the same; but shall not be disposed of, or let, to any Foreigner whatsoever.

Penalty cn Ms

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no commanjer or Master of any fters of Vessels Ship trading to Africa, shall by Fraud, Force or Violence, or by any other indirect Practice whatsoever, take lene Stc tm*0" on Board, or carry away from the Coast of Africa, any Negro or Native of the said Country, or commit, the Natives or to be committed, any Violence ori the Natives, to the Prejudice of the said Trade; and that every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; one Moiety thereof to the Use of the said Company hereby established, and their successors, for and towards the maintaining the said Forts and Settlements, and the other Moiety to and for the Use of him or them who shall inform or sue for the same.

Indmctions to

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of Great bri be given to Captain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for tlietime War i V tfi" being, shall, from time to time, give Instructions to the Captains of such of his Majesty's Ships of War as ar. totn per. aj[ be stationed or ordered to cruise within the Limits aforesaid, from time to time, to inspeef and report to them the State and Condition in which the said Forts and Settlements shall be; and the Officers of such Sorts are required to permit such Captains to view and inspect the lame; and Copies of all such Reports shall, every Session of Parliament, he laid before Parliament.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such commission officers of his Majesty's navy, as the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, shall appoint for that purpose, shall inspect and examine the state and condition of the forts and settlements on the coast of Africa, in the possession of the said royal African company, and of the number of soldiers therein, and also the state and condition of the military stores, castles, Naves, canoes, and other vessels and things, belonging to the said company, and necessary for the use and defence of the said forts and settlements, and shall with all possible dispatch report how they find the same, to the said lord high admiral, or commissioners for executing the said office; and the said company, and their officers and servants, are hereby required to permit the said officers of the navy to make such inspection and examination, and to assist them therein; a copy of which report shall be laid before parliament at the beginning of the next session.

Cowirrissioners

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Accountant General of the High' appoint'd to A Court of Chancery for the time being, and such two of the other' Matters of the said Court, as the Lord cfuie Creditors ^'gh Chancellor of Great Britain for the time being, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain C' time being, or the Lords Commissioners for the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, shall, from

commission h Commissioners, or any two of them, are hereby empowered and required, by the Examination of the Parties interested, or the Testitnony of Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Inspection and Examination of the Books, Deeds, Writings and Accounts of the said Company, and their Creditors respectively, or otherwise, according to their Discretion, to examine into the said Claims, and to inquire and state how and when the same were respectively incurred, and for what Consideration the same were originally, really, and hna side, contrasted, or became due; and upon what Consideration, and when the Claimants became respectively buttled thereto, together with their Opinion of the Justness and Reasonableness of such Debts rel pcc

tivedy; and for that Purpose all and every the Creditors of th

fore the delivered i unto such

the Condition of the Forts. Reports to be laid before Parliament.

Officers of the Navy to inquire into the Condition of Forts, e.

the said Company are hereby required on or be

respective Days and Times hereafter limited and appointed for that Purpose, to deliver or can ft: to be 1 in Writing under their rcfjseflive Hands, or the Hands of Persons by them respective!/ authorised,: h Officer or Officers, and at such Place within the City of Leaden, as the said Commissioners, or

any two of them (had appoint, count of their respective Clair

of which Notice shall be given in the Lcntkn Gazette, a just and true ac is upon the said Company, together with a true Copy of the Securities by t which they t espectively claim the same, and such of the said Creditots as rrftde in Great Britain or Irelan \ shall make their respective Claims on or before the thirtieth Day of atiguj? one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and such of them as are rtfijent on the Coast of Africa, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, shall make their lelpeclive Claims on or before the thirtieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and the Directors and Officers of the said Company, and all other P, no ns whatsoever, whom the said commissioners, or any two of them shall think fit to examine, touching the Matters aforesaid, are hereby ftriiftly required and enjoined to attend the said Commissioners, from time"to time, and at all such Times and Places

A.D. 1750. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 31. 273

as the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall under their Hands require or appoint, and to give the

hest and trued Information they can, touching the said Claims, and to produce all Books, Papers, Deeds or

Records relating thereto, in their respective Custody or Power, as the said Commissioners, or any two of

them shall direiff; and the said Commissioners, or any two of them are hereby authorised to administer an Oath, for the better Discovery of the Truth of the Sails, touching which such Examination or Inquiry

shall be made; and they are hereby required to close and finifti their Examinations of all the Claims that Time fordoting

shall be made by such of the said Creditors, who reside in Great Britain or Ireland, at the farthed, on or their Examina

before the thirty first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and of all the Claims that shall tions,

be made by such of the said Creditors who reside in Africa, or any other Parts beyond the Seas, on or before

the twenty-eighth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and the said Commissioners shall te

lay Accounts of their Proceedings before the Parliament with all convenient Speed. lument*" ar"

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons summoned

to appear before the said Commissioners, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to appear and be examined j^e0r^s. touching the Matters and Things by this Act directed to be inquired into, or shall refuse to answer, or shall faring, not fully answer to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the Time of such Examination, or any be committed, two of them, all Questions put to him, her or them, by the said Commissioners, or any two of them, as well by Word of Mouth as by Interrogatories in Writing; or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to produce, from time to time, to the said Commissioners, or any two of them, all Books of Accounts, Papers and Writings, in their Custody or Power, relating to the Matters herein directed to be inquired into by the said Commissioners, as the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall, from time to time direct; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any two of them, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit him, her or them, to such Prison, as the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall think fit, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Person or Persons shall submit him, her or themselves, to the said Commissioners, and produce before them such Books of Accounts, Papers and Writings, upon Oath, and full Answer make, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, to all such Questions as shall be put to him, her or them, as aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and the said Commissioners, in every Case where any Person or Persons shall be by them committed for refusing to answer, or for not fully answering any Question or Questions put to him, her or them, by the said Commissioners, by Word of Mouth, or upon Interrogatories, shall in their Warrants of Commitment specify such Question or Questions.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Royal African Company, The African

their Directors, Officers and Servants, and every of them, shall, for the Space of one Year, to be com Company reputed from the seventeenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, be, and they are '(J

hereby restrained and disabled from assigning, transerring or disposing of all or any their Military Stores, stores". Ammunition, Slaves, Canoes, Vessels and Things necessary for the life or Defence of their Forts and Settlements; and all Actions, Suits and Process, depending, or which shall be hereafter commenced or prose Suits for Money cuted by any Person or Persons for Recovery of any Debt or Sum of Money due, or pretended to be due, j*u£ by them, from the said Company, or from any Person or Persons, for or in respect of any Debt or Debts contracted y "a or 1 for or on Behalf of the said Company, shall be, and the same are hereby stayed for the Space of one Year,

to be computed from the said seventeenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine.

XXXV. And whereas David Crichton, late one of the Chief Agents of the said Company at Cape Coaji Castle, now a Prisoner for Debt in the Custody of the Sheriff's of the City of London, did, with two others of the said company's Agents or Servants there (to wit) Thomas Chalmer and James Craik, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, contracta Debt at Cape Coaji Castle aforesaid, of fourteen hundred Pounds, for and on the bchav of the said Company, for the Support and Maintenance of their

Forts and Servants: And whereas the said David Crichton now Hands charged in the Custody of the said

in Execution, on a Judgement given in the Court of King's Bench, at the Suit of one William Stead, for the Debt aforesaid, which, together V: h Costs of Suit, and Interest thereon, amounts in the Whole to the Sum of sixteen hundred and four Pounds sixteen Shillings and sixpence, upon a Judgement obtained against him in his Majesty's Court of Xing's Bench, by the said William Stead, 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Dav, d Crichton be forthwith discharged out of the Custo David Crichton dy of the said Sheriffs, upon the said David Crichton's giving a new Judgement to the said William Stead, Custody sir a for the said Sum of sixteen hundred and four Pounds sixteen Shillings and sixpence, with Stay of Execu*E' tion thereon, for one Year, to be computed from the said seventeenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine: And further, That the raid David Crichton do enter into a Bond to the said will Ham Stead, with two Sureties, to be approved of by cue of the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, in Double the Penalty of the said Sum of sixteen hundred and four Pounds sixteen Shillings ard sixpence, with which the said David Crichton Hands charged in cuhody, with Condition that he the said David Crichton will not withdraw himself out of ngland, but will always be ready, either in London or middle sex, at the Expiration of the said Year, to be subject to any Process the said William Stead shall think proper to take out against him.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Expences of obtaining and pif Expends of ling this Act, shall be defrayed and paid by the fni.: Committee for managing the Affairs of the said New lilis Company, out of the first Moneys they stall receive for the Admissions of Persons into the Freedom thereof; and the Expenses of the said Commissioners, their Officers anu Servants, and of the Inquiry to be made anjofihe Com in pursuance of this Act, shall be defrayed, in the sir 1 Place, out of such coinpenf.ttion as shall be here missioner, after granted by Parliament, on the said Royal African company's being divefled of their Charter, Lands,

Sorts, Castles, Slaves and other Effects.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tffiat the Penalties inflicted by this Act Penalties how may be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's to be recovered. Courts of Record at Westminster, or in any of the Courts of his Majesty's Plantations or Colonies in America, v/herin no Eil'oin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed;

Debt on Behalf of the Compary, to be discharged.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

publick Act.

Former Provisiom I Jac. I. C 24, 7 3. r.

10 39. 12

Ann. fiat. 1. C 16. 4 Geo.

2. C 27.

9 Geo. 2. r. 37.

10 Geo. 2. c. 27.

19 2. C 2 /.

23 G'cv. 2. r. 21.

Duties on the Importation of irish Canvas or Sail Cloth.

Method of levying and applying the Duties;

and for ascertaining upon what Canvas or Sail Cloth, the Bounties shall have been paid.

Duties to be paid as long as the Bounties shall continue.

Officer of the Custonris may examine the F'kccs on Importation, Sc C

Method of ascertaining the Duties,

See farther 26 Geo 2. C 32. and 32 Geo. C 23.

C 32, 33.

A.D. 1750.

and all and every Offence and Offences which any Person or Persons shall be guilty of on the High Sea, or on Shore, within the Limits before mentioned, contrary to this Act, hall be inquired of and determined in his Majesty's Court of Kings Bench at Westminster, or before such Commissioners, and in such County of this Realm, as shall be assigned by his Majesty's Commission, and by good and lawful Men of the same County.

XXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Actions shall be commenced or brought against any Person or Persons for what he or they hall do, or cause to be done, in pursuance of this Act, then, and in every such Case, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall] be taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon such Species of Sail Cloth as are therein mentioned, which shall be imported from Ireland into Great Britain, during the Time therein limited.

WHEREAS large Bounties have been granted and allowed by the Parliament of Ireland on Sail Cloth of the Manufacture of that Kingdom, which hath encouraged the Importation of considerable Quantities of the said Manufacture into Great Britain, which may tend to the Prejudice of the said Manufacture in this Kingdom: 'We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do give and grant unto your Majesty, your Heirs and Succefi ors, such Duties on Sail Cloth imported from Ireland as are herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one t'noufand seven hundred and fifty, the several Duties following shall be levied and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon all Canvas or Sail Cloth of the Manufacture of Ireland, imported into Great Britain (on which the several Bounties of fourpence, and twopence a Yard respectively, granted by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's p*eign, shall have been allowed) that is to say, For each Yard of all such Canvas or Sail Cloth imported as aforesaid, of the Value of fourteen Pence a Yard, and upwards, a Duty of fourpence; and for each Yard of such Canvas or Sail Cloth, imported as aforesaid, of the Value of ten Pence a Yard, and under fourteen Pence a Yard, a Duty of twopence: Which respective Duties shall be levied, recovered and paid, by such Means and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and shall be applied to the sameufes and Purposes, as the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Foreign Sail Cloth are collected, levied and applied

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, in order to prevent Frauds, and to ascertain upon what Canvas or Sail Cloth the said Bounties of fourpence and twopence shall have been paid. That no Canvas or Sail Cloth shall be imported from Ireland into this Kingdom but in whole or entire Bolts or Pieces; and if the Loops or Double Threads of the said Bolts or Pieces so imported, which by the said Act of Parliament made in Ireland, in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, are directed to be Part of the Warp at the Middle of that End of the Web which is last in Weaving, shall be cut off; or if such Bolts or Pieces be stamped with an Impression, importing the Payment of either of the said Bounties, then, and in either of the said Cases, such Canvas or Sail Cloth shall be deemed to have received the said Bounty, and be liable to the Payment of the respective Duties laid and made payable by virtue of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Duties of fourpence and twopence a Yard by this Act imposed, shall continue and be paid on all such Convas and Sail Cloth imported into Great Britain, for so long Time as the respective Bounties allowed by virtue or in consequence of the said Act of the Parliament of Irelandfhal continue, and no longer.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Importation of any Canvas or Sail Cloth from Ireland into this Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the Collector, Comptroller or other proper Officer of the Customs, to open, view and examine the same; and if it shall appear that either of the said Bounties has been paid, and no regular Entry of such Canvas or Sail Cloth has been made at such Port where the same was so imported, then, and in such Case, all the Canvas or Sail Cloth so omitted to be entered as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and seized by any Officer of the Customs.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Dispute hall arise touching the Duty which ought to be paid upon such Canvas or Sail Cloth, such Duty shall be ascertained in the same Manner, and under the fanie Forfeitures and Penalties, as Duties upon Goods and Commodities imported into this Kingdom, and subject to Payment of Duties ad Valorem, are ascertained.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for preventing Delays and Expenses in the Proceedings in the County Court of Middle

fer; and for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the said County Court.

Whereas Sheriffs in their several County Courts hold Flea of all personal Actions where the Debt or Damages do not amount to forty Shillings: And whereas the Proceedings in the County Courts, in such Actions, have been found to be vexatious, expenfne and dilatory: For Remedy thereof in the County of Middlesex, an I for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the said County; May it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

C 33. 275

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty Suitors cfthe fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Suitors County courr, of the County Court of Middlesex, together with the County Clerk of the said County in County court't 'be couw assembled, or the major Part of them the said County Clerk and Suitors so assembled, upon any Plaint ^rminvsuhs for to be entered in the said County Court in any Suit where the Debt or Damages shall not amount to the Sum Debt under 40 s. of forty Shillings, to proceed in a summary Way, and from time to time to make such Order or Decree, in a summaty Orders or Decrees, as shall seem to them, or the major Part of them so assembled, to be just and agreeable Way; to Equity and good Confidence; and for the better Discovery of the Truth, and more speedy obtaining the and examine End of such Suits, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Parties upoe said Suitors and County Clerk in the County Court aforesaid, to examine the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, de °ath' fendant or Defendants, and their Witnesses, viva voce, upon their several corporal Oaths.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, Times 2nd Plait shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff of Middlesex, by his County Clerk, to hold his County Court, for ^7idi, np°'t!iej the Proceeding in Pursuance of and under the Authority of this Act, on Thttrfday in every Week, at some coumy Court, convenient Place, within the Hundred of ojfulffon in the County of Middlesex, and on the first Titcfday in

every Month, at some convenient Place within the Hundreds of Iflevjorth or Elthorne, and on the hail tuesday in every Month, at some convenient Place within the Elundred of Edmonton; provided always, That the monthly Court of the said Sheriff shall nevertheless beheld and kept as has been accustomed.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons, and such Persons only, shall be who/tall be deemed and taken to be Suitors of the said County Court to be held by and under the Authority of this Act, deemed Suitors, as are qualified to serve on Juries on Trials at N'tfi Prius in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Picas and Exchequer at Westminster, by virtue of the Laws in Being.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of No Plaints or June, no Plaint to be entered in the said County Court, as aforesaid, nor any Order or Orders or other Orders of the Proceedings to be had thereupon by virtue of this Act, shall be removed out of the said Court by any Writ Court may be of Recordari facias Loquelam, Certiorari, or false Judgement, or otherwise howsoever; but such Order or rtnloveft. Orders so to be made by the said Suitors and County Clerk shall be final and conclusive to all Parties what Repfevin^soever; provided nevertheless. That all Plaints in Replevin shall be proceeded in, and removable in the same Manner, as if this Act had not been made; provided also, That no Person or Persons shall be liable Who may be to be summoned to the said County Court at the Suit of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, other than such Person ihmmoned to or Persons as was or were liable to be summoned to the County Court o 1 Middlesex, before this Act was of

made, and that this Act shall not extend to give the said County Court any Jurisdiction to hold Plea of, or £ he County ° to hear or determine any Action, Cause or Suit, other than such Action, Cause or Suit, as the County Court, nor ex court of Middlesex might have held Plea of by Plaint before the making of this Act. tended by this

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of

June, after any Pliant shall have been entered as aforesaid, and the Defendant or Defendants shall have been Patties notcon duly summoned, and either the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the said Plaint named, or the Defendant or Defen forming, may dants shall neglect or refuse to abide by and perform such Order or Orders, as the said Suitors and County be committed" Clerk shall, from time to time, make, pronounce and set down in Writing; then it shall and may be lawful to and for the County Clerk for the time being, by Warrant in Writing under his Seal, to commit such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, to the County Gaol of the said County, or any other common Gaol within the said County, there to remain for the Space of three Calendar Months, or any shorter Space of Time, at the Discretion of the said Suitors and County Clerk; provided nevertheless, that if the Person or Persons so committed shall, before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she or they shall be committed, perform such Order or Orders, then he, she or they shall forthwith Ire discharged.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Case where the said Suitors and County where an Order Clerk shall have made any Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it shall and may be lawful for the for Payr ent said County Clerk, at the Prayer of the Party prosecuting such Order or Decree, to blue a Precept under.money shall b his Seal in the Nature of a Writ of Fieri Facias, which Precept shall be directed to one of the Bailiffs at cii rvmay11" tending the said Court, who is hereby authorised to levy the Sum or Sums of Money mentioned in such Pre ifjbea Pretext: cept, in the same Manner as any Sheriff may levy Money by virtue of any Writ of Fieri Facias issuing out for levying.

of any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Under Sheriff of Middlesex for the time be Under Sheriff to ing, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, shall, six Days before the End of every Month, deliver to Oliver every

Month, three L p.s. of 12 Site

the County Clerk of the said County three several Lists, each List containing the Names and Places ofj Abode of twelve Persons, to be by the said Sheriff' taken from the Freeholders Book of the said County of holders, tu at. Middlesex, as Suitors to attend the said County Court for the succeeding Month for the several Divisions tend, hereafter named; that is to say, one List for the Hundred of ojfuljion, one for the Hundred of jjleworth and Elthorne, and one for the Hundred of Edmonton; and the County Clerk of the said County shall cause the said Persons in the said several Lists named, to be summoned to attend the said Court at the Time and Place to be mentioned in the said Summons; for each of which Lifts the said County Clerk shall pay the said Under Sheriff the Sum of fourpence, and no more; and no other Suitor, except the Persons so summoned, shall have any Voice in the said County Court, held under the Authority of this Act; and no Person shall None to attend be liable to be put upon such List to attend the said Court as a Suitor thereof, oftener than once in every but once in a Year.^"r'

viir. And be it further enacted, That if any Suitor so qualified as aforesaid, after having been duly sum Suitors not at moned to attend the said Court, shall neglect or refuse to attend accoro ing to such Summons, and there shall tending, to bs not be a sufficient Number of Suitors to procted in the Business of the said Court, then it shall and may be alr)erct: d sos lawful for the said County Clerk to amerce such Suitor as shall not attend in any Sum not exceeding twen

8 Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the said Court shall sit, to be recovered by the verseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the time being, or any one of them, by Plaint in the said County Court, in the same Manner as any other Debt or Demand may be recovered in the said Court under the Authority of this Act.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

Where the Inhabitant of particular Places shall be liable to attend.

Suitors to be sworn.

The Oath.

Penalty on Contempt or pifturbance of the Court.

County Clerks, and Officers Fees.

Table of Fees to be hung up. William Whitaker Esquire, continued County Clerk. Sheriff to appoint future County Clerks.

County Clerk to be sworn.

The Oath.

Oath to be re fiftcted.

County Clerk may appoint hie Deputy,

Deputy to be sworn.

C 3 31

A.D. 1750.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons residing or dwelling within the Hundreds of Goare, Elthorm, Spelthorne or ijlnvorth, shall be liable or obliged to attend the said County Court, either as a Suitor or Defendant, in any other Place than within the said Hundreds of Ijleiuorth or Elthorne, and no Person or Persons residing or dwelling within the Hundred at Edmonton, shall be liable or obliged to attend the said Court in any other Place than within the said Hundred of Edmonton.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Suitor attending the said Court, before he enters on the hearing or determining any Matter in Controversy, shall take the following Oath to be administered by the said County Clerk or his Deputy, who is hereby authorised to administer the same, that is to say.

Swear, That I will impartially and truly hear and determine the several Matters in Controversy which shall he brought before me, as a Suitor of this Court, according to the Evidence, and the best of my Skill and Judgement

So help me God.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be guilty of any Contempt or Disturbance of the said Court, fitting the Court, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Suitors and County Clerk to order such Person or Persons to be taken into the Custody of any Officer or Officers attending the said Court, which Officer or Officers is and are hereby required and authorised to detain such Person or Persons in his or their Custody during the sitting of the said Court, and the said Suitors and County Clerk may, if they think fit, amerce such Person or Persons, in any Slim, not exceeding forty Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the said Court shall fit, to be recovered by the over seers of the Poor of the said Parish for the time being, or any one of them, by Plaint, in the said County Court, in the same Manner as any other Debt or Demand may be recovered in the said Court under the Authority of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the County Clerk for the time being, and the other Officers of the said Court, shall receive and take the Fees under written, and no other or greater Fees, that is to say,

The County Clerk for entering the Plaint, fourpence.

For every Warrant, fourpence.

For every Summons, fourpence.

For every Order, eight Pence.

For entering every Order, fourpence.

For Hearing, sixpence.

For Execution, fourpence.

For entering the Appearance of the Defendant or Defendants, sixpence.

The Crier for every Call, one Penny.

The Officer for summoning, fourpence.

The Officer for Execution on the Goods, two Shillings.

On the Person, three Shillings.

A Table of which Sees shall be publicly hung up in every Place where the said County Court shall be held.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That jviuiam Whitaker of the Middle Temple, London, Esquire, the present County Clerk of the said County of Middlesex, shall continue County Clerk of the said County, so long as he shall behave himself well in the said Office; and from and after the resignation. Removal or Death of the said William Whitaker, and so often as the said Office shall become vacant, the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex for the time being, shall appoint a sufficient Person to be County Clerk of the said County, who at the Time of such Appointment shall be of the Degree of an utter bar rifter of three Years Handing at the Bar, and be approved by the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, and the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas for the time being, or any two of them, which Person so appointed and approved shall continue County Clerk so long as he shall behave himself well.

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said William ugataker shall, within one Month after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, and every succeeding County Clerk of the said County, within one Month after his Appointment and Approbation as aforesaid, take the following Oath in the County Court aforesaid, that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I will well and truly execute the Office of County Clerk of the County of Mid ' dlesex, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, and that will not deny or delay Justice, ' and will not by myself, or knowingly by any Deputies, Clerks or Servants under me, or by any other Person or Persons, receive or take, or cause or permit, or suffer to be received or taken, any greater or other Sees in my said Office of County Clerk, than such as are directed to be taken in and by an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Delays and Expenses in the Proceedings in the County Court of Middlesex, and for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the said County Court.'

So help me God.

Which Oath shall and may be administered by any two Suitors present, and shall he entered in the County Court Book, and signed by the said County Clerk, and attested by the Suitors present at the Administration thereof.

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the County Clerk of the said County for the time being, to appoint his sufficient Deputy to act for him in the said Office of County Clerk, which Deputy, in the Absence of the said County Clerk, shall have the same Authority as if himself was present; nevertheless that such Deputy be of the Degree of an utter barri fter of three Years Handing at the Bar, and provided such Deputy be nominated by the said County Clerk in open Court, three Weeks at the least before his Appointment, and the Majority of the Suitors present at the said Appointment assent thereto; and the said Deputy shall at every Court before he proceeds to the hearing or determining any Matter in Controversy, take the Oath herein before directed to be taken by the

A.D. 1750. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 34; 277

Suitors of the said Court, except the Words, As a Suitor of this Court, which Oath shall and may be administered by any two of the Suitors present.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said County Clerk, or any other County Clerk of the said County, shall not behave himself well in his said Office, it shall and may be lawful for any twenty-four or more Freeholders of the said County, to apply by Petition to the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal for the time being, thereby complaining of the misbehaviour of the said County Clerk, and upon such Petition it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, and the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas for the time being, or any two of them, to meet together, and to hear and determine the said Complaint in a summary Way; and in case the said County Clerk shall be found, upon due Examination and Proof before them, to have been guilty of any such Misbehaviour in the said Office, then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners, and the said Chief Justices, or any two of them, to amove the said County Clerk from his said Office.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall make Oath, or give Evidence in any Cause depending in the said County Court, whereby he, she or they shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and thereof be duly convicted, then every such Person or Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties, as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is or are liable to by the Laws and Statutes now in Being.

[Double Costs.]

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Action or Suit shall at any Time hereafter be commenced or brought against any Member, Officer or Minister of the said County Court, or against any other Person or Persons, for or in respect of his or their acting in pursuance of or under the Authority of this Act, That it shall and may be lawful for such Person in every such Action or Suit to plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, and the Warrant or Precept under the Seal of the said County Clerk, being duly proved in any such Action or Suit, shall be deemed a sufficient Proof of the Authority of the said County Court, and of all other Proceedings in the said Court, previous to the issuing of such Warrant or Precept; and in case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall have a Verdict pass against him or them, be nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, the Defendant or Defendants shall, in any of the said Cases, be allowed

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action of Debt, or Action upon assumpsit, shall be commenced and prosecuted after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, in any of his Majesty's Courts of re cord at Westminster, and the Defendant or Defendants, at the Time of such Action brought, shall live or reiide in the said County of Middlesex, and be liable to be summoned to the said County Court, and the Jury upon the Trial of such Cause shall find the Damages for the Plaintiff under the Value of forty Shillings, unless the Judge shall in open Court certify on the Back of the Record, that the Freehold, or Title to the plaintiff's Land, principally came in Question, or that an Act of Bankruptcy principally came in Question at such Trial, then, and in such Case, no Costs shall be awarded to the Plaintiff in such Action, but the Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to, and recover Double Costs of Suit.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to his Majesty's Tower of London, or the several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, Hamlets and Places, within the Tower Hamlets.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the City and and Liberty of Westminster, and the Precincts of the same, and so much of the several Farifties of Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le Strand, in the County of Middlesex, as lies without the City and Liberty of Westminster; and also in the Precincts of the Savoy, adjoining thereto.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a publick Act.

Method of proceeding agarnft the County Clerk, for Misbehaviour

Penalty of Perjury.

Officers, C filed for acting,

[General issue.]

may plead the

[Double Costs.]

In Suits prosecuted at Westminster, which are liable to be sued in the County Court,

the Defendant to have Double Costs

This Act not t extend to the Tower, or the Tower Hamlets, or to the City and Liberty of Westminster.

Public Act

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for permitting Raw Silk of the Growth or Produce of Persia, purchased in Russia, to be imported into this Kingdom from any Port or Place belonging to the Empire of Russia

by an Act made in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (entitled, An 14050.2.0.36, e AB for opening a Trade to and from Persia through Russia) it is (amongst other Things) enacted,

That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of sane one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, it shall 10^11 W 3 ' and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, free or to be free, of the Fellowship of English) Mer C

chants for Discovery of new Trades, commonly called The Russia Company, exclusive of all others, to bring and import into this Kingdom, in british) built Shipping, navigated according to Law, from any Port or Place of or belonging to the Czar or Emperor of Russia, Raw Silk, or any other Goods, or Com

of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Persia (provided such Manufacture be made of the

Growth or Produce of Persia) being purchased by Barter with Woollen, or other Manufactures, Goods,

or Commodities, exported from Great Britain to Russia, and from thence carried into Persia (Gold and Sil

ver in Coin or Bullion excepted) or with the Produce arising from the Sales of such Manufactures, Goods or Commodities, so exported to Russia, and carried into Persia, as aforesaid, and not otherwise: it is by the said Act also further enacted, That no Silk, or other Produce, Commodities or Manufactures of Persia, shall be imported into Great Britain through Russia, by virtue of the said Act, unless the Importer or Importers thereof do take an Oath, or (being of the People called Quakers) a solemn Affirmation, be

the Collector, Customer or Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs (who are by the said Act empower ed to administer the same) at the Port or Place of Importation, that, to the best of his or their Knowledge and Belief, the Silk and other the Produce, Commodities or Manufactures of Persia, contained in his or their Entry or Entries, was or were really and truly purchased by Barter with Woollen, or other Manu failures, Goods or Commodities, exported from Great Britain to Russia, and from thence carried into Per

An exclusive Right granted to the Russia com L any, t: > import fr m Russia, Raw Silk of the Produce of per iia.

Importers to make Oath of the Silk being pitrcha(cd by B trter with Goods exported from Great Britain to Russia.

Rights of the east-india Company referred

[Public Act.]

C 35, 36. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

fa (not being Gold or Silver in Coin or Bullion) or with the Produce arising from the Sales of such Woollen or other Manufactures, Goods or Commodities, so exported as aforesaid, and not otherwise; ' that in Default of taking such Oath or Affirmation, all such Silk, or other the Produce, Commodities or Manufactures of Perfa, so imported from Russia, shall be liable to be seized and forfeited in like Manner, as if the same had been imported contrary to the act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation: 1 And whereas, soon after the Commencement of the said act made in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, a very beneficial Trade between Great Britain and Perfa, through Russia, was opened,

by Means whereof great Quantities of Raw Silk, and other the Goods and Commodities, of the Growth, ' Produce or Manufacture of Perfa, were imported into this Kingdom, in Return for the Woollen and other Manufactures, Goods and Commodities of Great Britain, upon much easier and more advantageous

Terms than such Silk and other Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Per ' fa could have been otherwise procured: But whereas the said Trade between Great Britain and Perfa, ' through Russia, hath been, for sometime pall, interrupted, the subjects of Great Britain not having been of late permitted to transport British Manufactures, Goods and Commodities into Perfa, through the Dominions or Territories of or belonging to the Empire of Russia, in consequence whereof the Importa tion of Raw Silk, and other Commodities of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Perfa, from Russia, ' hath been discontinued: And whereas it would be of great Advantage to the Trade of this Kingdom in general, as well as contribute to the Increase and Improvement of the Silk Manufactures in particular, if Raw Silk of the Growth or Produce of Perfa, purchased in Russia, were permitted to be imported from any of the Countries, Dominions or Territories of the Empire of Russia, in Return for Woollen and other Manufactures exported from Great Britain to Russia, although the same be not carried from thence into perfamay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, free or to be free, of the said Fellowship of English Merchants for Discovery of new Trades, commonly called The Russia Company, exclusive of all others, to bring and import into this Kingdom, in British built Shipping, navigated according to Law, from any Port or Place within the Countries, Territories or Dominions of or belonging to the Empire of Russia, Raw Silk of the Growth or Produce of Perfa, which shall be purchased by Barter with Woollen or other Manufactures, Goods or Commodities exported from Great Britain to Russia, although the same be not carried from thence into Perfa, (Gold and Silver in Coin or Bullion excepted) or with the Produce arising from the Sale of such Manufactures, Goods or Commodities, exported from Great Britain to Russia as aforesaid, anj not otherwise, upon paying or securing to be paid, the Customs and other Duties now payable for the same, by any Law now in Force, according to such Rules, Methods and Directions, and in the same Manner and Form, and with such Allowances, Abatements, Discounts and Drawbacks, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, as are by Law prescribed and practised, on the Importation of Raw Silk of the Growth or Produce of Perfa, imported into this Kingdom from any Port or Place in the Levant Seas, by any Person or Persons free of the Levant or Turkey Company; anything in the said act made in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or in the said act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging and increasng of Shipping and Navigation, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Silk of the Growth or Produce of Perfa, shall be imported into Great Britain, from any of the Countries, Dominions or Territories of or belonging to the Empire of Russia, by virtue of this act, unless the Importer or Importers thereof do make Oath before the Collector, Customer or Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs (who are hereby empowered and required to administer such Oath) at the Port or Place of Importation, that to the belt of b'is or their Knowledge and Belief the Silk contained in his or their Entry or Entries was really and truly purchase. d by Barter with Woollen or other Manufactures, Goods or Commodities, exported from Great Britain to Russia (not being Gold or Silver in Coin or Bullion) or with the Produce arising from the Sale of such Woollen, or other Manufactures, Goods or Commodities, so exported as aforesaid, and not otherwise; in Default of making such Oath, all such Silk so imported from any of the Countries, Dominions or Territories of or belonging to the Empire of Russia, shall be liable to be seized and forfeited, in like Manner as if the same had been imported contrary to the said act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging and increasng of Shipping and Navigation.

III. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive the Corporation of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indict, of any of the Powers, Privileges, Franchises and Benefits which do or shall belong to them, or which they could or might have had and enjoyed in any Manner whatsoever, if this act had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed a Public act, and shall he judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for making a better and more effectual Provision for the Relief of the Poor, for the cleansing the

Streets, and for keeping a Nightly Watch, within the Paiifli of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the

Liberties of the City of Westminster.

PR.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for settling a Stipend or Maintenance upon the rcctor of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes.

PR.

C 37 — 39.

A.D. 1750. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II.

279

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for building a Bridge cross the River of 'thames, from Hampton Court in the County of Middlesex, to East Moulsey in the County of Surry.

PR.

WHEREAS many Mischiefs and Inconveniences would be prevented, and great Benefit would arise to the Inhabitants of the Counties of Middlesex and Surry, and to the Public in general, if a Bridge were built cross the River of Thames, from Hampton Court in the County of Middlesex, to the of

Shore at East Moulsey in the County of Surry: And whereas by virtue of Letters Patent, under the Great Sea], bearing Date the twelfth Day of March in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, frames Clarke Esquire is become possessed of the Manor of East Moulsey, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Surry, and also all that Railage of Water upon the River of Thames,

called Hampton Court Ferry, between east Moulsey and Hampton Court, and is in titled to the Premises for the Term of twenty six Years, or thereabouts, now remaining unexpired, and yet to come, of the Term of Years granted by the said Letters Patent: And forasmuch as the said James Clarke hath made his mod:

humble Suit to your Majesty, that your Majesty would be graciously pleasel to give Leave, that he the said James Clarke may build a Bridge cross the said River, from East Moulsey to Hampton Court, and your Majesty hath been graciously pleased to signify your Consent thereto May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, CL

[' James Clarke Esquire irr.powered to build a Bridge cross the Thames from Hampton Court to east Moulsey;

"and to turn and make a Highway or Bridge leading to the same; making Satisfaction for the Damage.

Five Commissioners of the Land Tax for Middlesex and Surry, to settle the Damage in case of Dispute.

44 If the Parties shall be dissatisfied, or refuse to treat, the Commissioners are to issue their Precept to the Sheriff, to return a Jury, to inquire and assess the Recompence; their Verdicts, and the Judgments of the Commissioners thereon, to be binding. Upon Payment, or Tender of the Money, the Premises may be used. Commissioners may fine the Sheriff, and others, making Default 40^. If in building the Bridge "any Damage' shall be done, for which no Recompence has been made, the Commissioners are to afeer*

tain the same by a Jury. Care to be taken that there be no Overflowing occasioned by the Bridge. Meet "of the Commissioners not to be above 6 Miles distant from the Place in Question. The Bridge veiled in James Clarke Esquire and his Heirs. Tolls: For every Coach, Lfr. drawn by 6 Horses, 2 s. 6 el. By 4 44 Horses, is. el. by less than Horses, i s. For every Wagon, C drawn by Horses, is. 6d. and by less than Horses 1 s. For every Horse, C not drawing, 2 d. For every Foot Passenger on Sundays 1 d.

and on other Days one Halfpenny. For every Drove of Neat Cattle 12 d. per Score. For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep or Lambs, 6d. per Score. If after Expiration of the Term granted by Letters Patent to James Clarke Esquire, the King shall pay the Expenses of building the Bridge, the Right of the said Clarke and the Tolls are to cease, and the Bridge is to vest in his Majesty. A Passage of 260 Feet to r be left for the Water. Wilful damaging the Bridge, Felony. When the Bridge shall be dangerous, a 44 Ferry may be provided; to continue 110 longer than the Bridge be repaired. Mailers to make good the Damage which their Boatmen shall do to the Bridge. Bridge not rateable, CC

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for Repairing the Road from the City of York over Skipbridge to Boroughbridge in the County of York.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the more effectual repairing and preserving the Piers and Harbour of Whitly in the County of York.

PR.

Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the first Year of the Reign of her late j Anna?, ft. 1,

Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the rebuilding and repairing the Piers of the Town and C 19.

Port of Whitby in the County of York, several Duties were granted and laid upon all Ships and Vessels entering within the Piers of the said Port, and upon certain Goods and Merchandizes therein particularly mentioned, landed within the Haven or Piers of the said Port of tvhitby, and hipped off from Whitby aforesaid; also a Duty of one Farthing per Chalder on all Coals loaded at newca/lle upon Tyne, or at Sunderland, Blithe, seaton fuice, Cullercoates, or any other Harbour, Colliery, or Place that was, or was reputed to be, a Member of the said Port of Neivcafle upon Tyne, for the Term of nine Years, to commence from the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and two; with such Provisions for the due collecting, accounting for, and applying of the said Duties, and other Powers, Matters and Things relating thereto, and for keeping clear the said Harbour, as in the same Act is particularly mentioned and

contained: And whereas by another Act of Parliament, made and passed in the seventh Year of her said 7 Annas, private. 4 late majesty's Reign, the said Act made in the first Year of her Reign, and all the Powers, Matters and Clauses contained therein, and all the Duties and Sums of Money thereby granted, and made payable,

were continued and made payable, and to be in full Force and Virtue, until the first Day of May, which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three: And whereas by ano there Act of Parliament made and passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, (entitled, An Act for the better preserving and keeping in Repair the Piers of the Town 7 ceo.i. c. 16. 4 and Port of Whitby in the County of Y ork; and for explaining and making more effectual the several Acts passed for lengthening and repairing the Piers of Bridlington alias Burlington in the said County -,) all and every the said Duties and Sums of Money granted and imposed by the said Act of the first Year of her said late Majesty, and continued by the said Act of the seventh Year of her Reign as aforesaid, (save and except the said Duty of one Farthing per Chalder) were made perpetual, and enacted to be paid to the Trustees therein named, and their Successors for ever, to the end that the Piers and Harbour of tvhitby aforesaid might be preserved, kept and continued in good Repair: And whereas by another Act of Parliament made

and

280 to 305 C 40. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

sijeo.a. c-10. ' and passed in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, f intituled, An Act for lengthening the West Pier of the Harbour of Whitby in the County of York; anil for improving the said Harbour) reciting the said former Acts; and also reciting, that by and with the said several Duties and Sums of Money colleiled and received by virtue thereof, the said Piers had been rebuilt, finished and completed, and had been pre served, kept and continued in good Repair; but that nevertheless, for some Years then part, the Entrance into the Port of tvhitby had been rendered very narrow and difficult, by reason of a Bank of Sand which was then, and for sometime part: had been gathering about the Head of the West Pier of the said Kar bour of Jfhitby, and would in Time, if not prevented, entirely stop and choak up the same; and inaf much as the said sand bed, and the further Increase thereof, in the Judgement and Understanding of expe rienced Persons, might and could only be remedied and prevented by lengthening and extending the said West Pier one hundred Yards further into the Sea; therefore that the said Piers and Harbour might be improved, and made as secure for Colliers and Coasting Vessels as might be, and for lengthening and extending the said West Pier, it was enacted, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, the said Duty of one Farthing per Chalder, granted by the said Act of the First Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, and continued by the said Act of the seventh Year of her Reign (but which had ceased from the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three) should be paid to the Trustees nominated and appointed in or by virtue of the said Act of the seventh Year of his said late majesty's Reign for the Term of thirty-one Years, to commence and be computed from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, for the Purposes aforesaid; the said Act of the first Year of her said late majesty's Reign, and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Penalties, Matters and Things therein contained, touching the said Duty of one Farthing per Chalder thereby granted (save and except as to the Powers and Authorities thereby vested in the Trustees therein named, and to be named pursuant thereto, and a Clause therein contained touching the cealing of the said Duty on raising six thousand Pounds, as therein mentioned) were revived and continued for the same Term of thirty-one Years, with several other Powers and Clauses relating to the said Duty, and Work proposed to be done, and the regulating the said Harbour as by the said several Acts, Relation thereunto respectively being had, may more at large appear: And whereas pursuant to the said last mentioned Ail of the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and by and with the several Duties and Sums of Money colleiled and received by virtue thereof, and of the other Acts aforesaid, the said West Pier of the said Harbour of Whitby hath been lengthened one hundred Yards, and terminated with 4 a strong circular Head, whereon is ereiled a commodious Battery, with a strong Parapet, and Embrazure3 4 for five i'ieces of Cannon, which proteils the Entrance of the said Harbour, as also such Ships as may be obliged to take Shelter in the Road from an Enemy; but for carrying on the said Work, the Trustees no minated and appointed in and by virrtue of the said several Acts of the seventh Year of his late Majesty, and eighth Year of his present Majesty, have been necessitated to borrow at Times, several Sums of Mo 4 ney on the said Fund of one Farthing per Chalder, amounting to six thousand two hundred Pounds, which now remains charged thereon; and the said Trustees have employed the rest of the Duties granted as aforesaid, as they arose, in rebuilding and repairing other Parts of the said Piers, and in getting up Quar rics at the Mouth of the said Harbour, in order to deepen the Channel; which has had so good an eft eil, that it has encouraged the Inhabitants of Whitby aforesaid, and others, to build in the said Harbour much laiger Ships than were formerly used: whereas the West and Fall Piers have been greatly shaken with the Seas; and the Marie or soft Rock, on which they are built, is worn away in several Places, by the great Quantity of Sand scoured out of the said Harbour, which has occasioned their sinking, and the Walls thereof to bulge out; and the Communication between the Town and the West Pier is in a great Measure interrupted; and it is absolutely necessary for the Security of the said Harbour, that the said Parts of the said East and West Piers should be rebuilt, or repaired and raised; it would be a great Improve ment of the said Harbour, and tend very much to the Advantage and Safety of all Colliers' and Coasting Vessels, if the remaining Part of the Stone Rock at the Entrance of the said Harbour was taken away, and the Way repaired and made sufficient, from the said Town of Tlfoitby to the said West Pier, with proper Moorings for Ships along the same; but as the Expense of the said Works cannot be provided for without some additional Duty, the said perpetual Fund granted by the said act of the seventh Year of his late majesty's Reign, producing yearly only one hundred and forty Pounds, or thereabouts; and the said Duty of one Farthing per Chalder will raise little, if anything, more than will pay the Principal Moneys borrowed thereon and the Interest thereof now due, and which may incur during the Remainder of the said Term of thirty-one years to the end therefore that the said West and East Piers may be rebuilt or repaired, and raised where needful, and the remaining Part of the Stone Rock at the Entrance of the said Harbour may he taken away, and the Way from the West Pier to the said Town of jltoitby may be repaired and made sufficient, and proper Moorings for Ships may be placed thereon, as shall be judged expedient, and the said Harbour may be further improved; May it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, iac.

"An Additional Duty of one Farthing a Chalder laid on Coals for 31 Years. Powers given by the recited Ail, to be exercised by the Trustees with regard to the present Duty. Trustees may borrow Money on the Credit of the Duties; and contrail for the Work and Materials; and for the Purchase of Houses and Grounds, for making the Way from the West Pier to the Town more convenient. Owners refusing to treat, Justices to impanel a Jury, who are to assess the Recompense. Upon Payment of the Money, "the Lands, fjfe. to vest in the Trustees. The West and East Piers, ide. \efted in the Trustees. Person to be appointed, who is to direct the Mooring, sv. of Ships. Vessels belonging to Great Yarmouth ex- empted from the Duties.

CAP. XL

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Epremont to Dtidden Bridge, Santon Bridge anc

Sahhouse, in the County of Cumberland.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.

Aunt

A.D. 1751.

C r, 2

305

Anno Regni GEORGII II. Regis Magna? Britannia?, Francks

Hibernia?, vicesimo quarto.

T the Parliament begun and held at tvejbninfttr the tenth Day of November, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, in the twenty first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, 'King, Defender of the Faith, &c. and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the seven teenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty. Being the fourth Session of this present

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two millions one hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised by Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament.

MOST Gracious Sovereign; We your majesty's moult dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in the easiest manner we are able for the Benefit of your Subjects, have freely and voluntarily given and granted, and by this Act do give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of two millions one hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised in such Manner and Form as is herein after directed; to that End and Purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Annuities which by this Act shall be granted and made payable in respect of the said principal Sum of two millions one hundred thousand Pounds, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, annuities on in manner herein after mentioned, shall he charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the Monies the Smn of which shall from Time to Time arise and be remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer of r'T"

for the Surpluses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Sunk; and the said Sur Act, " chargtj on plulfes, Excesses or Overplus Moneys are hereby appropriated for that Purpose accordingly. the Sinking Fund.

II. And for or towards raising the said Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the said Sum Natives or roof two millions one hundred thousand Pounds for the Purposes aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted by the signers may Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or So c/ftkr ot' reigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute, advance and pay unto the First or Chief Cashier orgouth sea Cashiers of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas, and Company, other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, commonly called the south-sea Company, at or Stefarther ct. before the respective Days and Times by this Act limited in that Behalf, any Sum or Sums of Money Geo. 1.

not exceeding one million four hundred thousand Pounds, in part of the said whole Sum of two millions[' oooo]

one hundred thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of any certain Annuity or Annuities, to com for the Purdiafc mence from the several and respective Times herein after appointed for the Payment of the several and re of Annuities, spective Sums by them subscribed or contributed, and to be paid and payable to such Contributor or Contributors, or such as he, she or they shall nominate, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, in manner herein after mentioned, so as such Cashier or Cashiers do first give Security to the good liking of any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or the High Treasttrer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for the public Use, the Moneys so to be advanced and contributed, and to account duly for the same; which Annuities before mentioned shall be computed at the Rate of three Pounds per Annum for everyone hundred Pounds, and proportionably for any greater at the Rate 'less Sum so to be advanced and paid; and the purchase money for every such Annuity at the Rate afore -- ], percent, said, is hereby appointed to be paid unto the said Cashier or Cashiers as aforesaid, at or before the respectper Ann. tive Days and Times herein after limited; that is to say, ten Pounds per Centum Part thereof by way of>rimes for pay deposit, on or before the fifteenth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred, ent. and fifty; fifteen Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the fifteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one then next ensuing; Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the seventeenth Day of June then next ensuing; five Pounds per Centum, other Parr thereof.

3°6

Payment, which shall be aliign.ibie ly

Indailemenc,

C 2. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

on or before the twelfth Day of August then next ensuing; Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of October then next ensuing; ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twentieth Day of November then next ensuing; the remaining fifteen Pounds per Centum, on or before the twentieth Day of December then next following; all which Annuities so to be purchased shall be paid and payable at two of the most usual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Feast of the Nativity of St. John the bapti/l, and of the Birth of our Lord Christ, within six Days after every of the said Feast Days; the fitft Payment thereof to be computed and paid at the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the whole Sum to be paid by such Contributors for the Pur m'hafc of any Part of the said Annuities, from the said several and respective Times of paying and advancing the same as aforesaid, unto the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, or within six Days after the Lid Feast Day: Nevertheless the said Annuities shall be redeemable according to the Purport and true Meaning of a Proviso or condi castiier to givs tion herein after contained in that Behalf, and not otherwise; the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Receipt for each Qoyernor and Company for the Time being is or are hereby authorised and required upon the advancing and paying to him or them any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, forthwith to give a Receipt in Writing ligned by himself or themselves for each Payment to the Contributor or Payer thereof (which Receipts shall be assignable by Endorsement thereupon, made at any Time before the said twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and no longer) and, from Time to Time, to pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, all the Moneys which he or they shall receive of or for the said Sum not exceeding one million four hundred thousand Pounds, as fast as he or they shall receive the same, or any Part thereof, or within five Days afterwards at the farthest; to account for all the Moneys fa to be advanced and paid to him or them in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof.

III. And it is hereby enacted, That in the Office of the Accomptant General of the said Governor and Company for the Time being, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which there shall be fairly entered the Names of all who shall be Contributors for such Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum as aforesaid, and of all Persons by whose Hands the said Contributors shall pay in any of the said Sums upon this Act, and also the Sum so paid; to which Book or Books it shall be lawful for the said respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, from Time to Time at all seasonable Times to have Resort, and to inspect the same without any Fee or Charge; and the said Accomptant General for the Time being, shall on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, transmit an atterted Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

IV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Contributor and Contributors upon this Act, duly paying the whole Consideration or purchase money, at the Rate aforesaid, at or before the respective Days and Times in this Act before limited in that Behalf, for such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or such as he, she or they shall appoint, his, her or their respective Executors, Acto

have Estates ministrators, successors and Assigns shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled, by virtue of this Act, in theannuities, to have, receive and enjoy the respective Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased out of the Moneys by this Act appropriated or appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, and hall have good and sure Estates and Interests therein for ever, subject only to the Proviso or Condition of Redemption in this Act herein free from Taxes, after contained concerning the same; and that the several and respective Annuities payable in pursuance of this Act, after the Rate of three Pounds per centum per Annum, and all and every the principal Sums for which the same are to be payable, shall be free from all Taxes and Impositions whatsoever.

Contributors not

V. Provided also, That in case any such Contributor as aforesaid, who hall, on or before the said making good fifteenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty, have advanced to the said Cashier or Cashiers w'kr^'yments ten Pounds per Centum, by way of Deposit as aforesaid, in part of his, her or their purchase money; and such Contributor, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, successors or Assigns, shall not advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers fifteen Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the fifteenth Day of May then next ensuing; and fifteen Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the seventeenth Day of June then next ensuing; twenty-five Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twelfth Day of Avgujl then next ensuing; ten Ponds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of October then next ensuing; ten Pounds per Centum, other Parc thereof, on or before the twentieth Day of November then next ensuing; the remaining fifteen Pounds per Centum, on or before the twentieth Day of December then next following; then, and in every such Case respectively, so much of the consideration money as shall have been actually paid in part thereof onlj', to the said Cashier or Cashiers for such respective Annuity, shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public;, anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, That in case any Contributor or Contributors for the Purchase of any of the said Annuities, shall after Payment of ten Pounds per Centum, in part of his, her or their purchase money, desire that the subsequent Payments to be made by him, her or them, at the respective Times limited in that Behalf, may immediately be made Stock in the Book or Books directed to be kept for that urpose in the Office of the said Accomptant General; and that the principal Money, and the Annuity attending the same, be immediately transferable (except the ten Pounds per Centum, which is to remain as a Deposit till Payment of the whole Sum by him, her or them subscribed for, is fully completed) it shall be lawful for the said Accomptant General, and he is hereby required, upon such Request made by any such Contributor

Contributors Names to be entered in a Book,

and a Copy transnritted to the Exchequer.

Contributors paying the con ji deration money,

Times,

forfeit all they have paid in parr

Accomptant General to give Credit in the Books for the kums paid.

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 2. coy

'butor or Contributors, to give Credit in the said Book or Books for each respective principal Sum by him, her or them subscribed and paid as aforesaid; anything herein contained to the contrary not with

VII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall or may pur purcwcre t chase or obtain, or be admitted to purchase or obtain, any of the Annuities at the Rate aforesaid upon this JJ

Act, unless the whole, or ten Pounds per Centum, Part at leafs of the consideration money for the same, March 1730. be advanced and paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers, on or before the said fifteenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty.

VIII. And whereas it is intended that the Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, being the Residue

C of the said Sum of two millions one hundred thousand Pounds, already charged by this Act upon the Moneys to arise of or for the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sink ing Fund, appropriated for Payment thereof, in manner before directed and appointed, shall be raised by < way of a Lottery, for the Purchase of Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum,

in manner herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Annuities becoming due and payable to the Contributors to the Lottery herein after mentioned, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, at the said Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, in respect of the said at 3l. percent, principal Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, in manner hereafter in this Act expressed, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf, shall be charged upon the said Sinking Fund, and shall commence and be computed from the respective Times °011 paying or advancing the same, or any Part thereof, as herein after mentioned, and be paid unto the feastpuen(l'n '" S Day of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and shall from thenceforth Annuities pav be paid half yearly at the Feasts of the Nativity of Si. "John the Baptisi, and the Birth of our Lord Christ, able half verily, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to be due and payable for the half Year ending at the Feast of the Nativity of St. John the Baptist one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for or towards raising the said Sum of anv persons may seven hundred thousand Pounds, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, Natives or so contllbute lcl* rcigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute, by paying at or before the respective Times by this011X10, 25 Act limited in that Behalf, to any Receiver or Receivers to be appointed for that Purpose, as is herein after mentioned, the Sum of ten Pounds, or diverse entire Sums of ten Pounds, upon this Act; and that?nj thereby te every such Contributor or Adventurer, for every such Sum of ten Pounds, which he, she or they shall so ^nufties'"^advance, shall be interested in such Lot or Share of and in the Joint Stock of Annuities established by this n'u le '

Act, as is herein after mentioned and appointed in that Behalf; and the same entire Sums of ten Pounds each are hereby appointed to be paid unto such Receiver or Receivers at such Time or Times, and in such proportions at a Time as are herein after mentioned in that Behalf 3 that is to say, ten Pounds per Centum Times of ad part thereof, by way of Deposit, on or before the fifteenth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one^anc, n^£he thousand seven hundred and fifty; fifteen Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the fifteenth bums'

Day of May then next ensuing; Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twelfth Day. of July then next ensuing; Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof on or before the seventh Day of September then next ensuing; the remaining twenty-five Pounds per Centum, on or before the seventh Day of October then next following.

fc Commissioners of the Treasury to appoint Managers of the Lottery, and Receivers; and to take Sccu "rity. Receivers shall deliver Tickets to the Contributors. There shall be printed 70, 000 Tickets; and "10, 000 Tickets shall he the fortunate Tickets, and shall be written upon in manner following, viz.

"upon two severally, 10, 000l. principal Money; upon four 5000l. upon five 3000l. upon eight 2000l.

"upon twenty 1000l. upon forty-one 500l. upon two hundred 100l. upon four hundred and twenty 50l. tc upon nine thousand three hundred 20l. Which Sums, with 500l. to the first drawn Ticket, and 1000l.

"to the last drawn, will amount to 340, 000/- which being added to 360.000l. payable on the remaining "6o, oeo blank Tickets, at 61. each Blank, do amount to 700, 000l. being the total Principal in respect

of the Lottery. Manner of drawing the Lottery. Prizes to be entered in a Book. When the Lottery "is drawn, a List of the Prizes to be printed. Disputes to be determined by the Managers. counter feiting of Tickets or Certificates, shall be adjudged Felony. Tickets to be disposed of shall be delivered "into the Exchequer. Guardians may adventure Infants Money, so as such Infants Names be in the "Receipts and Tickets. Limitation of Sale of Chances, &c. Persons selling Shares in Tickets of which "they are not poiiehed, &c. to forfeit coo I. After the Drawing of the Lottery, the Tickets to be ex e changed for Certificates."

EXP.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accomptant General o^gran uo^ive the south-sea Company for the Time being, to whom the said Certificates are to be directed as aforesaid. Credit for the shall, upon receiving and taking in tyre said Certificates, or any of them, give Credit to the Persons named Sams named in therein, in the same Book or Books with the Contributors for the Purchase of the Annuities not exceeding the Certificates; one million four hundred thousand Pounds, herein before diretfted to be inferred in a Book or Books, or in any other Book or Books to be by him provided and kept for that Purpose, for the principal Sums contained in every such Certificate; and the Persons to whole Credit such principal Sums shall be entered in which May he the said Book or Books, his, her or their Executors and Administrators, shall and may have Power to uansfored, afilgn and transfer the same, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons,

Bodies Politic: ar Corporate whatsoever, in other Books, to be prepared and kept by the said Accomptant

2 r 1 General

3o; '

C

2-

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 17-51.

nicauv? per General for that Purpose; the principal Sums so assigned or transferred, fib ril carry the said Annuity t cut. liitck fi. of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be taken and deemed to be Stock trauffcrrable by this Achy according to the Powers and Authority herein after mentioned, until the Redemption thereof as afore or tinges so be said; the said Accomptant General of the south-sea Company for the Time being, is hereby suthe

c.mcclj notj's j, ivfn lieu the cut'.

sir all from Time to Time be received and taken a Note under his Hand, testifying the principal

and rized and directed to cancel and file the Certificates as they in by him, and to give the Persons bringing in the same;

Money for which they have Credit in the said Book or Books, by reason or means of the Certificates lb re ceived, taken in, and cancelled as aforesaid, and of the Annuities attending the same.

XXVIII. And for the more easy and sure Payment of the several and respective Annuities, amounting in the whole to two millions one hundred thousand Pounds, by this Act authorised to be purchased as aforesaid; is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, shall, from Time to Time, until the said several and respective Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum shall be redeemed according to this Act, appoint and employ Chief Castler one sufficient Person, within their Office in the City of London, to be their Chief Cashier or Cashiers, and and accomptant one other sufficient Person within the same Office, to be their Accomp ant General; and that so much of General to be the Moneys arising from Time to Time into the Receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the said Sinking appointee. Fund, by this Act appropriated for this Purpose as aforesaid, as shall be sufficient from Time to Time to answer the said several and respective Annuities, and other Payments directed to be paid or discharged out of the same, shall, by Order of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant to be fried for, had or obtained in that Behalf, from Time to Time, at the respective half yearly Fe. ft Days or Days of Payment, in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer to the said y Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company, and their Successors for the Time being, by way of Impressed, and upon Account for the Payment of the said several and respective Annuities to be purchased upon this act, at such Times, and in such Manner and Form, as are by this act prescribed in that Behalf; and that all and every such Cashier or Cashiers, to whom the said Moneys shall from Time to Time be issued, shall from Time to Time without Delay apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his account thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer; anything herein contained to che contrary notwithstanding.

Accomptant ge

XXIX. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accomptant General for the Time being, shall neral 10 mfoeft f, om Time to Time inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay; and that all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall be entitled to any of the said several and respective Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a personal Estate, and the same shall not be descendible to the Heir, and shall not be liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of London, or otherwise; any Law, Stature or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to be advanced or contributed, or to which any Person or Persons shall become entitled upon this Act, for or towards the said Sum not exceeding two millions one hundred thousand Pounds, shall be deemed, reputed and taken to

be one Capital or Joint Stock, on which the said several and respective Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be attending; and that all and every Person and Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the Money by him, her or them advanced, or to which they shall become entitled as aforesaid upon this Act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock, and in the Annuity attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid; that the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferrable as this Act directs, and not otherwise; that there shall Book to be kept co«stantly be kept at all seasonable Times, in the Office of the said Accomptant General for the Time lor fiansiers, £, eing, within the City of London, a Book or Books, wherein all Alignments or Transfers of the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, at Entries to ke the Rate aforesaid, shall he entered and registered; Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for Hgned ivy the that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Alignments or Transfers, or if such Parties ribbon "ccifv" a^cnt' by his, her or their Attorney or Attorneys thereunto lawfully authorised, by Writing under his, nnjjan ..capt^Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses; and that the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer shall be made, do underwrite his, her or their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning or transferring the said Stock, and the Annuities attending the same, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers or any of them; any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company and their Successors, (notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any their own Funds, in pursuance of the a.fts for establishing the same, or any of them,) shall continue a Corporation, with all the Powers, Privileges, and Advantages thereunto belonging, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, till all the Annuities to be purchased on this Act shall be redeemed by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf; and' that the said Governor and Company, or any Members thereof, shall not incur any Dffability for or by reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

Moneys for Pay

ihimjt ot lh'

Annuities to be issued from the Exchequer by way of Impressed, ct,

he Cafitiers Receipts.

Annuities, to be a personal. Estate, C

The Moneys, contributed to be deemed a Joint Stock, See,

stnd transferable.

The Company to continue a Company till Redemption of the Annuities.

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 3. coa

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of t

Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more o CI e -

Commissioners of the i reasury for the Time being, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised, [D

out of the said surpluftcs, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, by this Au(., granted and appropriated as aforesaid, to discharge all such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend theo»c Execution of this Act, in such manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and also to settle and ap tics) point such Allowances (out of the Contributions to the Lottery aforesaid) as they shall think just and ue reasonable, for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Receiver or Receivers of the Contributions to thecu^ u.' laid Lottery, for receiving and accounting for the same; as also for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company, for receiving and accounting for the Contributions to the Annuities granted by this Act; and also such further Allowances (out of the said Sinking Fund, by this Atft appropriated as aforesaid) as they sit nil think just and reasonable, for receiving, paying and accounting for the several and respective Annuities payable in respetft thereof; and also for the Service, Pains and Trouble of the Accomptant General of the said Governor and Company, for performing the Duty and Trust incumbent on him by this act; which Allowances hereby empowered to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the Service, Pams and Labour of any Officer or Officers of tyre said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no See or Gratuity shall be de No Fee fc ray manded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects, for receiving or paying the said contribution moneys, ment of comvi or any of them, or for any Tallies or Receipts concerning the same, or for issuing the Moneys for paying buuon money' the said several Annuities, or any of them, or for paying the said Annuities or any of them; and that no Transfers to See or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken for any Transfer, great or final!, to be made in pursuance gfitiaile sratls this Act; upon pain that the Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any such Fee or Gratuity contrary to this act, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered Penalty, with full Costs of Suit, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Time upon oneclause of re year's Notice, to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by demption* Authority of Parliament, at any of the half yearly Feast Days for Payment of the said respective Annuities, or either of them, and upon Repayment by Parliament of the respective principal Sums for which the said respective Annuities or either of them shall be payable to such respective Persons or Corporations as shall be entitled to the same Annuities, by Payments not less than five hundred thousand Pounds at a Time; then, and not till then, the said respective Annuities shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and from and after such Redemption, the Moneys arising from the said Sinking Fund, shall not bc issued or applied to any Use or Purpose, but as shall be direifted by future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, signified by the Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

XXXV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, Fitch Person or Persons shall and may plead the Ge general Tuie. rieral Iifue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs to him or them, awarded agiinit such plaintifftrcl>le cos or Plaintiffs.

CAP. III.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham in the County of lin coin; and for making the same more effectual. PR. [The Act 12 Geo. 2. c. 8. continued for 21 Years.)

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

310 C. 4.

CAP. IV.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the several Sums of Money therein mentioned, by Exchequer bills, to be charged on the Sinking Fund, and for impowering the Commissioners of the Treasury to pay off the Old and New unsubscribed south-sea Annuities out of the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and for enabling the Bank of England to hold General Courts, and Courts of Directors, in the manner therein directed, for giving certain Persons Liberty to subscribe Bank and south-sea Annuities omitted to be subscribed pursuant to two Acts of the last Session of Parliament.

*3 Geo. 2. c.' "T\/TOS T Gracious Sovereign; Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for giving further Time to the Proprietors of

i Annuities after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, "to subscribe the same in the manner and upon the Terms therein mentioned; and for redeeming such of the said Annuities as shall not be so subscribed; and for empowering the East-india Company to raise certain Sums by transferrable Annuities, it is amcngft other ' '1 hings enacted, That any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who are interested in or

entitled unto any Part of the National Debt incurred before Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, redeemable by Parliament, which carried an Interest after the Rate of four Pounds per Cen

turn per Annum, and which was not subscribed in pursuance of a former Act of the same Session of Par

and who should, on or before the thirtieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty, subscribe their Names, and signify their Consent, to accept of an Interest of three Pounds per Centum

per Annum, to commence from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, subject to the same Provisoes, Notices and Clauses of Redemption, which their respective four per Cents were liable to, should, in lieu of their present Interest, be entitled unto, and receive an Interest of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until die twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, an Interest of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, and that no Part of the same Should be liable to be redeemed until the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; and that such Part of the National Debt incurred before Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty nine redeemable by Law, which carried an Interest of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and which should not be subscribed before the said thirtieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty, should be redeemed and paid off; and that it should be lawful for the King's most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorise and empower the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to raise by Loans or Exchequer Bills, or by way of Subscription, orin such other manner as his Majesty in his great Wisdom should think most for the Advantage of the Public, from any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding such Part of the National Debt, carrying an Interest of four Pounds per Centum pci An 4 man, redeemable by Law, as should not be subscribed in pursuance of the said recited Act, or the said former Act, to be charged on the Sinking Fund, and to be applied to pay off and redeem such Part of the National Debt so unsubscribed as aforesaid, upon any Terms not exceeding the Rate of Interest in f the said recited Act mentioned: And whereas, fmee the parting of the said Act, a great Parc of the Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, which remained unsubscribed upon the '4 former Act, have been since subscribed, so that the principal Sums remaining unsubscribed on the said thirtieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty, upon the Annuities payable at the Exchequer and Bank of England, do amount in the whole to the Sum of one million twenty six thousand four hundred seventy six Pounds four Shillings and sixpence; which said Sum of one million twenty six thousand four hundred seventy six Pounds four Shillings and sixpence, is directed by the said recited Act to be paid off and redeemed at the stated Times, and in the Proportions herein after mentioned, according to the several Notices given by the Speaker of the House of Commons the last Session of Parliament in that Behalf; that is to say, the principal Sum of one hundred eighty-two thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, the Amount of the unsubscribed Exchequer Order payable thereout of the Duties upon wrought Plate, on the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and the principal Sum of one hundred seventy five thousand five hundred sevenly one Pounds six Shillings 4 a, ud one Penny, the Amount of the unsubscribed Annuities of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six $ and also the principal Sum of seventy one thousand seven hundred twenty-three Pounds nine Shillings and sixpence, the Amount of the unsubscribed Lottery annu.ties one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, both transferrable at the Bank of England, on the twent* fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fif y one; and the principal Sum of two hundred and eleven thousand six inin dred their y four Sounds fifteen Shillings, the Amount of the unsubscribed Annuities of the "fear one thousand seven bundre i and fc.rty seven, transferrable as aforesaid, on the twenty-ninth Dy of Siftem her one thousand Even hundred and fifty-one j and the principal Sum of two hum.red eighty one thousand

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 4, 311

three hundred twenty-one Pounds one Shilling and nine Pence, the Amount of the unsubscribed Annuities of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, transferable as aforesaid, on the " twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one and also the principal Sum of one hundred and three thousand nine hundred seventy five Pounds twelve Shillings and twopence, the Amount of the unsubscribed Annuities of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, trar.s*fcrrable as aforesaid, on the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one And V hereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of England have proposed to advance and pay iinto'

the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer the Sum o f one million twenty six thousand four hundred seven ty six Pounds four.shillings and sixpence, at the Hated Times and in the Proportions before mentioned,

upon Condition that Exchequer Bills be ifkied to them on or before the Times the said several Sums are 6 proposed to be advanced; which Bills are to be made forth at the said Receipt, and charged on the surpluft s, C Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, at an Interest not exceeding, the Rate'

of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be paid out of the said Sinking Fund, and to commence from the Hated Times on which the several Sums are proposed to be advanced; and that the principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills shall! be repaid to them out of the first Excesses or Surplusses of the f said Sinking Fund that shall be applied to the Payment of the Principal of the National Debt: Aik!

6 whereas, finee the making of the said Proposal, the Sum of thirteen thousand three hundred twenty eight Pounds, in Bank Annuities, is by this A hi dhedled and allowed to be subscribed by the Proprietors thueof, so that the principal Sum to be advanced by the said Governor and Company, to pay off the remaining unsubscribed Annuities before mentioned, will amount to the Sum of one million thirteen;

thousand one hundred forty-eight Pounds four Shillings and sixpence only: 'Now we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal. Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being of Opinion that it will be of Advantage to the Public to aceepr of the said Proposal, and being, also desirous to lcflen the Interest of the National Debt, as far as may be consistent with Justice and publick Faith, do moult humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the a dvice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and trea, "rjr for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, on his Majesty's Behalf, to contract and agree with the sail Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance and pay into, the said Receipt of Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in thel°rr^<j^|] whole the said reduced Sum of one million thirteen thousand one hundred forty-eight Pounds four Shillings 1° j jj and sixpence, for Exchequer Bills to be made forth at the said Receipt, in manner hereafter mentioned, Exchequci Edlss in such Proportions and at such Hated Times, as are herein before directed, towards paying off and redeeming the said several unsubscribed Annuities, amounting to the said Sum of one million thirteen thou -- sand one hundred forty-eight Pounds four Shillings and sixpence, according, to the several Notices given: by the Speaker of the Koufe of mmons in that Behalf as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of theat Pst Cent, Bank of England, and their Successors, shall have, receive and enjoy, and shall be entitled by virtue. c.'

this Act to have, receive and enjoy an Interest or Premium, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the said principal Sum of one million thirteen thousand one hundred forty-eight Pounds four Shillings and sixpence, to be advanced by them into the said Receipt of Exchequer, in the manner following; that is to say, on the Sum of four hundred fifty-two thousand two hundred forty-three pounds one Shilling and nine Penee, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty -- one; on the Sum of two hundred forty six thousand two hundred ninety four Pounds fifteen Shillings and seven Pence, from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and on the'

sum of three hundred fourteen thousand six hundred ten Pounds seven Shillings and twopence, from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; which said Interest or Premium shall from Time to Time be paid to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, by quarterly payable quarter payments out of the Moneys arising at the said Receipt of Exchequer, of or for the said Surplusses, Excesses h of the or overplus moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, until lueh Times as the said Exchequer Bills foiin lns un»to be ifiucd, or any Part thereof, shall be discharged and cancelled, in the Manner and Form by this Act hereafter provided.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury, antl L prepa'e or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the commis XC e<luec sioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to prepare and make, '

or cause to be prepared and made, at the Exchequer at once, or at the ilated 1'imes, and in the Proportions herein before directed, in such Method and Form as they or he shall think moult safe and convenient, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, containing one common Sum or different Sums in the principal Moneys, so as such Bills do not exceed in the whole, the said principal Sum of one million thirteen thousand one hundred forty-eight Pounds four Shillings and sixpence.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, X hat the said Bills to be made and prepared

in pursuance of this at, shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the said Rate or Premium of threeat 3'per ciul Pounds per Centutn per Annum, and proportionally, for any greater or less Sum to be contained therein, and to be payable to the Bearers thereof respectively; nevertheless the said Interest shall be abated and saved upon such of the said Bills, to be made forth by this Act, as shall at any Time or Times bo in the receipt of the Exchequer, or in the Hands or power of any. Receivers or Collectors of any Taxes, Aids or Revenues

312

C ij.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

and to be numbered.

and made wrh Cheques, C

venue: whatsoever, payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, during fuel Time and Times respectively as such Bills shall be or remain in the said Receipt, or in such Hands or Power as aforesaid.

V. And it is hereby enacted, That all the said Bills shall be numbered arithmetically, beginning with No I. and lb proceeding in an arithmetical Progression ascending, wherein the common Excess or difference shall always be one, and shall be registered accordingly, so that the principal Sum to be contained in every such Bill, may regularly be paid oft and discharged in Course, according to the Number of every such Bill, as it shall stand in the said Register, and that the Interest upon all and every the same Bills shall be payable every three Months, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act; and that upon every such Bill there final 1 be endorsed, printed or written in Words at length, or in Figures, the Sum after which the Principal to be contained therein shall be payable in such Course as aforesaid, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the said Bills shall be prepared and made with such Cheques, Indents or Counterfoils as shall be directed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and that the Person or Persons who shall be appointed to pay oft the said Bills in Course, shall from Time to Time have the use.and Custody of one Part of all the Cheques, Indents or Counterfoils of the said Exchequer Bills, to be prepared and made by virtue of this Act, from which the same shall have been cut, to prevent his or their being imposed upon by counterfeit or forged Bills j and that the Undertakers or Contractors for exchanging and circulating the said Bills, or fuel) of them as shall be current, shall from Time to Time have the Use and Custody of one other Part of all the said Cheques, Indents or Counterfoils of the said Exchequer Bills, from which the same shall have been cut off as aforesaid, in order to prevent their being imposed upon by any counterfeit or forged Bills; and that all the said Parts of the said Cheques, Indents or Counterfoils shall be delivered back into the Exchequer, when the said Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, shall be paid oft, cancelled and discharged.

and to be placed

VII. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the said High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the i ime being, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered, to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act, to be placed as so much Cash in the respective Offices of the Tellers of the said Receipt of the Exchequer, each and every of which Tellers shall be severally charged with the Proportion of the said Bills, which shall be so placed in his Office respectively 5 any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Bills to be issued as aforesaid, shall be current in like manner, and with such Privileges and Advantages, and subject to such Rules such Rules, cane Directions as are prescribed and enacted by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, (entitled, as m tie rat y/6y for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Alalt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one) for or concerning the Exchequer Bills thereby authorised to be made forth; and that all and every the Clauses and Provisoes in the said last mentioned Act, relating to the Currency, Exchanging or Receiving the same last mentioned Exchequer Bills, by any public Receivers of Aids, Taxes or Supplies, or in his Majesty's Receipt of the Exchequer, or for forging, counterfeiting or altering the same Bills, or making out new Bills in the Room of such as shall be filled up with Indorsaments, lost, burnt, defaced or otherwil'e destroyed, or for making out Exchequer Bills of five thousand Pounds each, or for making out Exchequer Bills, without bearing Interest, or for making them afterwards to bear an Interest, or a higher or lower Rate of Interest, from Time to Time, as the Contractors shall agree to, or for preventing any Misapplication of the Fund on which the same are charged, or any other Misbehaviour of any Officers concerned in the receiving, issuing, exchanging, paving off or cancelling the same last mentioned Exchequer Bills, or for obliging the Contractors to pay the Interest of, or exchange for ready Money on Demand, the Exchequer Bills thereby authorised to be iltu ed, at a Rate or Premium not exceeding three Pounds per Centum per Annum, or for preventing any Disabilities in any such Contractors, or for making them not liable to be Bankrupts on account of such Contracts, or for appointing a Paymaster or pay mailers, for paying off and cancelling the same Exchequer Bills in due Course and Order, (not otherwise altered by this Act.) shall extend, and be construed to extend, as well to the Exchequer Bills by this Act authorised to be made forth, as to the Exchequer Bills to be made forth in purfuartce of the said Act, for continuing and granting the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Rates or Duties continued and granted by the same Act) as amply, fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted verbatim in this Act.

Treasury to idue

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of the treafu the Moines due ry} or any three or more of them now being, or the said High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the ime being, shall or may issue, or cause to be issued, to such Paymaster or Paymasters to be constituted as aforesaid, by way of Impressed and upon account, so much Moneys out of the growing Produce of the said Surpluses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, called the Sinking Final, as shall from Time to Time incur and grow due to the said Contractors, for the Interest or Premium upon the said Exchequer Bills to be made forth by this Act, during the Continuance thereof, and such other Payments as are by this Act directed or allowed to be paid or discharged out of the same; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

X Provided;

as Cash in the Exchequer,

to be current, and subject to

AS.

for Interest, by way of Impressed to the Paymaster.

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo qtmrto Georgii II. c. 4. 313

X Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners Charts of ma of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the said High Treasurer any three or k!" "'

more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, hall have Power, and they are hereby 'pautofthd enabled, to pay and allow, or cause to be paid and allowed, out of the growing Produce of the said Sink Sinking Fund. ing Fund, from Time to Time, the necessary Charges of making forth the new Exchequer Bills hereby authorised to be made forth, and such other Charges as shall be necessarily incident in or for the Execution of this Act, in relation to the said Bills; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it is the true Intent thei Sills and Meaning of this Act, that the Exchequer Bills hereby authorised to be made forth, not exceeding the (h^sinkin1"'" Sum of one million thirteen thousand one hundred forty-eight Pounds four Shillings and sixpence, as, as aforesaid, shall be, and they are hereby charged upon the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund; and that the same Exchequer Bills shall from Time to Time be paid off to the said Governor and Company out of the first Moneys that hall from Time to Time arise into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the said Sinking Fund, and which shall be applied to the Payment of the Principal of the National Debt, and not otherwise; the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the said High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, Hall and may, and they are hereby authorised and enabled, to cause such Moneys which hall from Time to Time arise at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the said Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are or shall be appropriated to any particular Use orufes by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) to be ifi ued from Time to Time to firch Paymaster to be constituted as aforesaid, by "vay of Impressed and upon Account, to be by him applied towards the paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills hereby authorised to be made forth as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, in such Course as aforesaid, at such Times, and in such Proportions, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, r any three or more of them, or the said High Treasurer for the Time being, shall judge to be raoft for the Advantage of the Public; from which respective Time or Times of paying off and discharging the said Exchequer Bills, 'or any Part thereof, by such Paymaster as aforesaid, a proportional Part of the Interest or Premium payable for such Exchequer Bills so paid off or discharged, at the Rate aforesaid, hall cease and determine j anything in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding,

XIE And whereas your majesty's said dutiful Commons did resolve, towards raising the Supply'

granted to your Majesty, to enable your Majesty to borrow a further Sum not exceeding two hundred

twenty-five thousand twenty-three Pounds seven Shillings and eleven Pence, at an Interest of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be charged on the said Sinking Fund: And whereas since the making of the said Resolution, the Sum of forty-eight thousand orle hundred twenty-nine Pounds sixteen Shillings and fourpence, in Old and New south-sea Annuities, is by this Act directed and allowed to be

subscribed by the Proprietors thereof, so that the principal Sum now necessary to be advanced by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, will be reduced to the Sum of one hundred seventy six

thousand eight hundred ninety three Pounds eleven Shillings and seven Pence only Be it therefore fur tr«'al'uttacither enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may also be lawful to and for the Commissioners of of" "

his majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, on his Majesty's Behalf, io coritraft and 7d.'by3e*che agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance and pay into the said Receipt eius, of Exchequer, any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of one hundred seventy six thousand eight hundred ninety three Pounds eleven Shillings and seven Pence, for Exchequer Bills to be made forth at the said Receipt, and issued to them at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the said High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall think moil convenient' for the Advantage of the Public; which said Exchequer Bills shall be and are hereby also charged on the said Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, at an Interest riot ex chargeable on ceeding three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be paid out of the said Sinking Fund, and commence from that! jjlnk, ns the Time or respective Times on which the said Sum not exceeding one hundred seventy six thciufand1'un'eight hundred ninety three Pounds eleven Shillings and seven Pence, is or shall be advanced into the said Receipt; and that the principal Sum contained in such Exchequer Bills shall be repaid out of the said ex eefl.es or Surplusses of the said Sinking Fund that shall be applied to the Payment of the Principal of the National Debt, in manner herein after mentioned and directed'

'And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Person or Persons, to carry Intere4 Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall nave and receive, and shall see entitled, by virtue of this Act, to have mid receive, an Interest or Premium, after the Rate of three Pounds per' Cerium per Annum, for the said J'p 1 L principal Sum not exceeding one hundred seventy six thousand eight hundred ninety three Pounds eleven' shillings and seven Pence, so to be advanced by them into the said Receipt of Exchequer, to commence from the respective Time or Times of advancing the fariie as aforesaid; said Interest or Premium payable <juar shall from Time to Time be paid to them by quarterly Payments, out of the Moneys arising at the said Receipt, of or for the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as aforesaid, until such Times as the said Exchequer Bills so to be issued, or any Part thereof, shall be discharged and cancelled in the Manner and Form by this Act hereafter provided.

3r4

Bills to be made for the Sum,

and to be numbered.

to be paid out of the Sinking fufid*

Treasury to pay off the Old and New unfubferi bed south-sea Annuities,

by Payments not lei's than foo, ooool. at a Time.

south-sea Company to distribute the Ame among ihc Proprietors.

C 4. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the said High treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to cause Exchequer Bills to be made forth at the T; icl Receipt, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the said Sum of one hundred seventy six thousand eight hundred ninety three Pounds eleven Shillings and seven Pence, in the fume or like manner. Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are herein before enacted and prefenbed concerning the Exchequer Bills herein before directed to be mads forth; and that all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities herein before contained or referred unto, relating to the said Exchequer Bills (except as before excepted) shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made forth for the said Sum, not exceeding one hundred seventy six thousand eight hundred ninety three Pounds el ven Shillings and seven Pence, as fully and efreftually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been herein again particularly repeated and re e'nafted.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the said Exchequer Bills last rhentioned, shall be numbered arithmetically, beginning from the Number which shall be expressed upon the last of the Bills herein before directed to be made forth, and shall be registered accordingly, and paid in course, according to the Directions herein contained in that Behalf.

XVI. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that the said Exchequer Bills hereby directed to be made forth for the said Sum, not exceeding one hundred seventy six thousand eight hundred ninety three Pounds eleven Shillings and seven Pence, shall ( from and after the paying off and discharging all and every the Exchequer Bills by this Act before directed to be made forth for the principal Sum of one million thirteen thousand one hundred forty-eight Pounds four Shillings and sixpence, and all the Interest and Premium due thereupon) he repaid out of the first Moneys that shall from Time to Time arise into the said Receipt, of or for the said Sinking Fund, that shall be applied to the Payment of the Principal of the National Debt, and not otherwise; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the said high Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to cause such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are or shall be appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) to be rflued from Time to Time, to such Paymaster as shall be appointed in pursuance of this Act, by way of Impressed and upon Account, to be by him applied towards the paying oft and dif eharging the said Exchequer Bills to be made forth for the said principal Sum, not exceeding one hundred seventy six thousand eight hundred ninety three Pounds eleven Shillings and seven Pence, or any Part thereof, in such Course and Order as aforesaid, and at such Times, and in such Proportions, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall think fit from which respective Time or Times of paying off the said Exchequer Bills, or any Part thereof, by such Paymaster as aforesaid, a proportional Part of the Interest or Premium payable thereupon, at the Time of paying off the same shall cease and determine; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And for obviating all Doubts and Difficulties which shall or may arise in relation to the paying off and discharging the respective Stocks of Old and New South sen Annuities, as have not been subscribed in pursuance of two Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, for redeeming the several Annuities, carrying an Interest after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, directed to be redeemed and paid off; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the said High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to issue and pay, or cause to be issued and paid, out of any Moneys arisen or to arise into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of or for all or any the Aids or supplies granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, unto the Governor and Company of Merchants' of Great Britain, trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, commonly called the South sen Company, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of two millions two hundred seventy six thousand eight hundred ninety three Pounds eleven Shillings and seven Pence, being the total principal Sum remaining due and payable upon the said unsubscribed Old and New south-sea Annuities (after deducting the Sum of forty-eight thousand one hundred twenty-nine Pounds sixteen Shillings and fourpence, by this Act authorised and directed to be subscribed into the said Annuities) at such respective Time or Times, and in such Proportions, by Payments not less than five hundred thousand Pounds at a Time, as they shall think most proper and convenient, towards redeeming and paying off the said Annuities; and as the said Payments principal Money shall from Time to Time be made, a proportional Part of the said Annuities, and also of the Annuities attending thereon, and of the Allowances for Charges of Management, shall cease and determine.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said south-sea Company shall forthwith upon the Receipt of the said Sum of two millions two hundred seventy six thousand eight hundred ninety three Pounds eleven Shillings and seven Pence, or any Part thereof, by such Payments as aforesaid. as soon after as conveniently may he, divide out and uistribuet the same ns near as may he amongst all the several Proprietors of the said Old and New Annuities respectively, towards sinking and discharging lb much of their Shares or Interests in the said respective Annuities, by even.and equal Dividends amongst them ail, in proportion to their respective Shares or Interests therein.

3r 5

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 4.

XIX. And to the End, Intent and Purpose, That all Trust Estates and Interests in the said Capital Stocks of Old and New south-sea Annuities, may be preserved and improved for the Benefit of the persons concerned therein, 'with the least Expense and Inconvenience to them; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all and every Cases where, in pursuance of this Act, any Payments or dividcndstrustees may i.ry shall be made of the Capital of any such Annuity Stock, as shall be veiled in any Person or Persons input the Money Trust for other Persons who have or claim dillindl or disterent Interests therein, 'or for any other Ends Qr " 1. tljl^uc^e Purposes, for which the Capital Stint or Annuity ought to be preserved entire, such Payments or Dividends' ctl'r J C ' of the Capital Stock of Annuities shall not be paid or applied as Dividends of Profit, Annuity, or interest, but shall remain in the Hands of such Trustees respectively, till otherwise disposed of at Interest; and for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustee or Trustees who shall receive the same, at his or their Discretion to lay out or dispose of the same, or any Part thereof, in the Purchase of so much other Capital Stock of Annuities of the same Kind, as hath' been subscribed in pursuance of the tr

said two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, or either of them, as at the current Market Price of such Annuity Stock, the Moneys received for such Dividends, sit all, as near as conveniently may be, extend to purchase; new purchased Stock of Annuities shall be transferred to such Trustee or trustees, and a Receipt or Receipts shall be given and signed by the Person or Persons transferring the same, for the Moneys paid for the same; and in case such Trustees respectively, by Writing endorsed on or annexed to such Receipts, and signed or acknowledged before one of the Matters of the High Court of Chancery shall declare that the Money in the said Receipts were the Produce of the said Dividends of the said Capital Stock of Annuities (which Signing or Acknowledgment such Matters in Chancery are hereby' required to accept or take, and each and every such Matter, before whom the same shall be done, shall at the same Time certify the same, by subscribing his Name thereto, for doing whereof such Master shall be paid for each Certificate one Shilling and no more) then and in every such Case, the Annuity Stock mentioned in such Receipts to be transferred, shall respectively go and be deemed subject and liable to the same Trulls, for the Benefit of the same Persons, and for the same Uses, Ends, Intents and Purposes, as the rest: of the Trust Annuity Stock remaining in such Trustees respectively will or ought to be subject and liable to; and such Trustees respectively shall from thenceforth be indemnified from any Loss, Charges or Damages, on account of their so doing, at the Expenses of the said Trust: Estates.

XX. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to re or in sny other strain or prohibit any such Trustees from laying out or disposing of any of the said Trust: Moneys, in any' Purchase other Purchases or any other Securities, whether public or private, if they shall so think fit, in the same Manner and with the same Freedom and Security to themselves, as they might have done if this at had not been made.

XXI. And whereas Doubts have arisen with regard to the taking the Oaths and Affirmation, and subscribing the Declaration appointed by the Charter of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be taken and subscribed by all and every the Members of every General Court: And whereas the administering the said Oaths and Affirmation, and subscribing the Declaration at every General Court, will be a great Delay to the Proceedings of the said General court be it therefore enacted by The Bank may the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may "be lawful for the said Governor and Company in any neral Court, to proceed to transact any Business, without administering the said Oaths and Affirmation toy, .; 0"^ senior subscribing the said Declaration by, _ all or any of the Members of the said Court, unless required there ftering the to, by any nine or more of the Proprietors present, qualified to vote at the said General Court, according.oaths, &c. ap to the Charter; anything in their said Charter, or any act or als of Parliament contained in any wise Pp" nted by their so the contrary notwithstanding. chatter.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Court of Directors of the court ofdirec said Governor and Company shall be met according to any Summons or Appointment and shall have No t(rsay choose or be otherwise satisfied, that the Governor and Deputy Governor of the said Corporation, will be present so as to bold the said Court of Directors, or in case the said Governor and Deputy Governor Governor or de shall be absent after the usual Time of proceeding to Business, that then and in such Case it shall and putygovernor, may be lawful for the said Court of directors, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to choose a Chairman for that Time (which Chairman shall also in the like Case preftdc at a General Court, if any. shall at that time be summoned to mectl and to proceed to Business, and transact the Affairs Of the Corporation, and that the transactions of the said General Court and Court of Directors respectively shall be as valid and efle£lual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Governor or Deputy Governor had. been present; anything in the Charter of the said Corporation, or any at or alsof Parliament contained in any wise to the contrary notwithstanding '*.' '

And whereas several Persons, not being timely apprized of the Notice given for subscribing:

in their several Annuities, being in his Majesty's Colonies i 11 America, and other Parts beyond the Seas, or from unavoidable Accidents have been deprived subscribing the same Be it therefore enacted by.thp Authority aforesaid, That the Sums which were Handing in the respective Names of the following Per — given'ta' fons, on the twenty-eighth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, shall beanjittfe'lb00^3*"^ 'so the Benefit of the Vote of the House of Commons, passed the twenty-ninth Day of jvi«)m^'bne!aj)()'s0u ili sel seven hundred and forty-nine, videlicet, Charles Apthorp of Boston in New England, to the Sum annuitiesomit of five thousand three hundred twenty-eight Pounds in Bank Annuities, John Erving of the same Place toted. to te fub the Sum of six thousand Pounds in Bank Annuities, Daniel Huger of South Carolina to the Sum of eight.ici^'end thousand Pounds in Old south-sea Annuities, John Smith to the Sum of eleven thousand Pounds in Oldthelafl s flics IV south-sea Annuities, 'and to the sura of two thousand one hundred Pounds in New south-sea Annuities, '

316 C 5 — 8. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. lj$i.

instead of the like Sums subscribed to the second Resolution passed in the same Year, Ralph Willet to the Sum of three thousand Pounds in Old south-sea Annuities, Ellas Moses Defortis to the Sum of three thousand four hundred and fifty-one Pounds Joint Stock in the New south-sea Annuities, Hugh Holmes to the Sum of four thousand three hundred Pounds Old south-sea Annuities, John Saunderson to five hundred Pounds Old south-sea Annuities, John Armstrong to the Sum of two hundred and twenty-five Pounds Old south-sea Annuities, John Jolly to the Sum of one thousand Pounds Old south-sea Annuities, two thousand Pounds New south-sea Annuities, one thousand Pounds Bank Annuities, of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and one thousand Pounds Lottery Annuities of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, in as full and ample manner, as if they had severally and respectively accepted the said Terms on or before the said twenty-eighth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine.

Sums (landing in

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sums that were Handing; in the the Joint Names Joint Names of Samuel Edwards, deceased, and Hugh Brigges, now Sir Hugh Brigges, baronet, "on the of Samuel Ed twenty-eighth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, shall be entitled to the Benefit the Vote of the House of Commons, passed the twenty first Day of March one thousand seven hundred to the Benefit ofar*d forty-nine, videlicet, twelve thousand two hundred and ten Pounds two Shillings and one Penny, in the Vote of 21 New, south-sea Annuities, and thirteen, thousand four hundred and forth three Pounds fourteen Shillings Match 1749. and threepence, in Old south-sea Annuities, in as full and ample manner, as if they had severally accepted the said Terms on or before the thirtieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty.

CAP. V.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify, themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose. EXP. [Time given to 28; Nov. 1751.]

CAP. VI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the army.and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. VII.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one. EXP. At 3s. in the Pound.

CAP. VIII.

An act for the better carrying on and regulating the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Tfis, from the City of London westward, to the Town of Cricklade in the County of Wilts.

WHEREAS the Rivers of Thames and Ifts have, Time out of Mind, been navigable from the City of London to the Village of Bercott in the County of Oxford; and from the City of Oxford west ward, beybnd leichlade.in the County of Gloucester: And whereas in and by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the one and twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King James the First, inti vs pc. s. C 32. ' tuled, An Act for making the River of Thames navigable for Barges, Boats and Lighters, from the Village of Bercott in ihe. County of Oxford, unto the University and City of, Oxford) the said Rivers were made navigable from the said Village of Bercott to the said City of Oxford: And whereas diverse Abuses have '.heretofore been, and still are committed by the Owners of the several towing paths, and other Paf ' sages on the Banks of the said Rivers, and by the Owners of the Locks, Weirs, Turnpikes, Dams,

floodgates, and other Engines in and upon or near adjoining to the said Rivers j and also by the several barge masters, and their Servants, navigating thereon; by reason whereof and other Exadions, the Price of water carriage, on those Rivers, hath of late Years been very much raised, contrary to the Intent and Provision of diverse wholesome and good Laws made and passed for the due Regulation of the said Navigation Be it therefore enacted by King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for preventing all Abuses and Exadions, which may or can lessen i" Execution le Navigation of the said Rivers and render the same less useful to the Public, all and every Person in xecu ion. or Persons who are or shall be assessed and charged, and do and shall pay towards the Aid granted unto his Majesty by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, (entitled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one) or towards any future Aid, by any future Act or Acts of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for and in relped of an Estate in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in his or their Possession, or of some Person in Trust for him or them, of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds in any or cither, or all of the several Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Berks, Bucks, Oxon, Gloucester and Wilts; and also the vice-chancellor, and the Heads of Colleges and Halls in the University "of Oxford; and the Mayor or Chief Officer for the Time being of the Corporation and Borough Towns, lying upon the said Rivers, shall be and are hereby constituted

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 8. 317

Commissioners for putting in Execution all and Angular the Powers in this Act contained; and that all and every Person and Persons constituted and appointed a Commissioner or Commissioners by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, before he and they respectively take upon himself or themselves to act as a commis honer or Commissioners under this Act (other than the administering the Oath following to one another, which they, or any, two of them, are hereby empowered and required to do) do and shall take and subscribe the following Oath:

I A.B. do swear, That I will without Favour or Affection, truly, faithfully and impartially execute, o.ith to be taken 4 j. perform and discharge the Office and Duty of a Commissioner, according to the Powers, Authorities, oy the Commis and Directions given and established by an Act of Parliament, (entitled, An Act for the better carryingfion rs>

on and regulating the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and lfis, from the City of London wcjhvard, to the Town of Cricklade in the county of Wilts) according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge.

So help me God."

Which oath so taken and subscribed as aforesaid, shall Be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, among the re and to beregi cords of the Sessions of the peace, in and for the respective Counties where the same shall be so taken and/t red. subscribed.

II. And be it further enacted by, the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any seven of Times and place; them, for the further, better and more orderly putting in Execution the Powers hereby to them given for the Meeting and appointed, shall, for the Frit Time, meet on the first Day of July next ensuing, at the To wn Hall f the comra!u in Reading, in the County of Berks; and from thence by Adjournment, meet at the Townhall in the oners*

City of Oxford on the fifth of'v/a, g, «/?' foilowing; and for the like Purposes, shall for the Time to come,

hold a General Meeting upon the first tuesday in July in every Year, at the Townhall in the said City of Oxford, and another on the first Tuesday in September following, in every Year, at the Townhall in Reading aforesaid, for such Time or Number of Days as shall to the said Commissioners seem convenient, and at any of the said Meetings shall adjourn themselves from Time to Time to such Place; and so from Place to Place, within the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Berks, Buckingham, Oxford, Gloucester and Wilts,

and near to the same Rivers, or some Part thereof, as they shall think proper; and the said Commis Power of ip,

sioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered and authorised afterwards, at any Time or pointing ce_m>

Times, when it shall happen that no General Meeting is appointed to be held by Adjournment, to appoint mectl|>ss«

General Meetings of the said Commissioners for putting in Execution all or any of the Powers hereby

in them veiled, at such Times and Places as they shall think proper, within any or either of the said Counties, by or through which the said Rivers run, upon or near the same, upon giving twenty Days Days Notice

Notice in the London Gazette, and some other public News Papers, as to the Commissioners shall seem' "jibuc!'.'icct.'.ns3

meet, of the Time and Place which shall be from Time to Time appointed for such General Meetings; "e London Gaat

which the Commissioners then present shall be at Liberty, and are hereby empowered to adjourn themselves

to such Times and Places, within any or either of the aforesaid Counties, near the said Rivers, as they shall think proper;,) and the said Commissioners, or any seven of them, or the major Part of them

assembled at such General Meeting, shall at any or either of such General Meetings, held at any of the respective times and Places aforesaid, or in pursuance of such Notice aforesaid only, for such Number of

Days, as to them shall seem convenient, upon due Examination, of any Person or Persons, touchinganycom1'*

Matters or Things which concern the better carrying on and regulating the Navigation of the said Rivers, w

or touching any Matters in Controversy between Party and Party relating thereto, upon Oath, (which qatne a'

Oath they are hereby empowered at such General Meetings to administer, and shall be in these Words; )

A.B. do swear, That such Information or Evidence as I shall give, shall be the Truth, the whole.

X Truth, and nothing but the Truth.

So help me God."

And make Orders and Constitutions for the settling and ascertaining reasonable Rates and Prices to be, 0 t

taken from the Owners of all Barges, Boats and Vessels, for the Use and Exercise of all the Towing t

paths, Gates and Bridges, either by Men or Horses, as they are now used, or shall be used, at the

Discretion of the said Commissioners, by the Tenants or Occupiers of all Locks, Weirs, Bucks, win pjths, C

ches, Turnpikes, Dams, floodgates and other Engines, and towing paths, in, upon or near adjoining

+to the said Rivers of Thames and Isis, or which do or may affect the Navigation of the same, or shall be deemed by the said Commissioners, or any seven of them, or the major Part of them, assembled at such Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, to be necessary or useful thereto, between the said City of London and the said Town of Cricklade, for the Help and Assistance which Barges, Boats or Vessels may, or shall re -

thereby, or by means thereof, in their Passage upon the said Rivers, Regard being had as well.to the

Burden or Tonnage of such Boats, Barges and Vessels that have, do and shall navigate on: the said

rivers, as to the Charges and Expenses which have been, and shall be, laid out in building, repairing,

enlarging, improving and supporting the said Locks, Weirs, Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes, floodgates.

and other Engines; and also to make Orders and Regulations touching the Sizes' and Draughts of all Boats, an to.mrjce Otr.

Barges and other Vessels navigating the said Rivers; and to settle proper Gauges on the Sides thereof, and dcrafothcsi

how deep they shall load at all Times, and in different Seasons of the Year, so as no Boat, Barge or other

Vessel whatsoever, navigating the said Rivers, shall draw more than four Feet on the Sides, or draw more fe ttfin'(; mes

than on the swet, sg.

8.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

and other Regu tian four peet of Water at any Season of the Year and also to constitute and appoint all such other e II g'the Navhceflary Rates, Orders, Constitutions, Rules and Regulations concerning the said Navigation, and also tion, 1 = concerning such Locks, Weirs, Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes, Dams, floodgates and other Engines and

towing paths, lying between the Places aforesaid, and the Shutting, Penning, Opening, Drawing, ltfe or Management thereof, for the Benefit and Safety of the said. Navigation; and making Satisfaction for the Loss or Damage which any Owners or Occupiers of Mills or Lands hall or may sustain thereby; and concerning all Barges, Boats or Vessels passing.by, through or with the Help of the same; and Behaviour of all Bargemen, Boatmen and Watermen belonging to or working in such Barges, Boats or vessels, so as and Satisfaction to remedy the Abuses which have been frequently heretofore committed, or may hereafter be committed of Persons by them in the Navigation; and to give such' Reparation, Satisfaction and Damages to the Person or Persons aggrieved thereby; as like wise to the Owners or Occupiers of Meadows, or other Grounds, who shall be damaged by the neglect or Refusal of the Owners of such Locks, Weirs, Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes and floodgates, in not opening and keeping open the same, till the Water is sunk beneath the watermark, as to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, or the major Part of them present at any such Meeting, shall seem rnpet.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained the Towin shad exten<l or be construed to.extend, to empower the said Commissioners to alter, change or remove paths or Land any the towing paths; or landing places now: used as such, or to make or appoint any new or other

or

and Behaviour of barge nien.

grieved.

No Alterations to be made in

ingplaces, without Content of Proprietors,

towing paths or landing places, on, the Banks of the said Rivers, without the mutual Content had and obtained of both the Owner or Proprietor of the Ground, over which the towing path

landing place proposed to be removed now is, and also of the Owner or Proprietor of the Ground on which such. towing path or landing place shall be intended to be removed to, or on which any such new towing path or landing place shall be intended to be made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

cmeranvfcet* Provided always, That no Order, Rule or Regulation made by the said Commissioners, in pur

not to blf fuance of the Powers by this Act vested in them, at any General Meeting held upon and at the respective altered at any Days and Places in every Year directed by this Act as aforesaid, or at any Adjournment thereof, shall be generaimecting altered or repealed at any General Meeting held by the said Commissioners in pursuance of the Notice not appointed by hereby directed to be given, when it shall happen that no General Meeting 'has been appointed to be & j°.ulnment» held by Adjournment: And that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners by this Act Orders may be constituted, upon any Application to them made in that Behalf, at either of the said General Meetings, altered, upon held at and upon the Days and Places prefixed by this Act, for the respective holding the same in every Application, it ycarj or at any Adjournment thereof, to alter, annul or repeal any Order, Rule or Regulation mads any Rated meet by the said Commissioners at any former Meeting or Adjournment whatsoever, held in pursuance of this Act, or make any new Order, Rule or Regulation, touching and concerning the same, as the occasion and Circumstances of the Case may then require, and asto them shall seem expedient; and so as. no such Alteration, 'Repeal or new Order, be made or deemed good and sufficient, unless the Party or zo Days Notice Parties applying for such Alteration, Repeal or new Order, shall give twenty Days Notice in Writing of t be givm f hj3 intended Application, to every Person or Persons whom the same immediately" concerns, or leave such 1 cn pp 'cation. ]qotice with the Servant or Agent of any such Person or Persons.

Commissioners may hold Submeetings,

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and may have and hold a sub meeting in every of the said Counties, by or through which the said Rivers run, once in every Year, at such Times, and in such Towns or Places respectively, as the Michaelmas Quarter sessions in every Year, for every of the said Counties respectively shall be held (and at such sub meetings the said Commissioners shall have Power to adjourn themselves, from Time to Time as they hall think proper) for the enforcing the Execution of all or any of the Orders apd Constitutions, to be made at all or any of the General Meetings of the said Commissioners to be held as aforesaid; and at such sub meetings the said Commissioners any three or more of them, or the

iuii. mi major Part of them present, shall have Power, and are hereby authorised, in a summary Way, upon Ex

farmnary Way, amination of the Parties, and all.witnesses to be produced by them, upon Oath, which shall be in the same Words as herein before directed for the Examination of any Person or Persons as aforesaid, (which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer) to hear; and determine all such Complaints and I n forma, tions, as shall be made or laid against all and every Person or Persons, aceuld of offending against, or

made in

and may hear Complaints in

amd levy Fines by Distress and Sale.

not. complying with this Act, or any of the Rules, Orders, Regulations or Constitutions, to be

pursuance or by virtue thereof; and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, to levy such Fines, 'Penalties, Forfeitures or Damages as the said Commissioners are' by this Act empowered to let, or are hereby made payable or forfeited, for the Offences whereof such Offenders shall be respectively convicted, by.distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus to the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant or., Warrants, under "the Hands and sea's of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, 'to. be directed to the Constables; Tythingmen, or other Peace Officers of the several LI bertics., 6: - Places wherein, hr, near whereunto, airy g'oojs' or Chattels, 'by such warrant directed to be di. shall be; and all such constables, and other Officers, are hereby commanded to obey and execute

bel party

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 8. 319

VI. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person, whose Fine, Penalty, Forfeiture or iggrieved Damage adjudged against him, at any or either of the said sub meetings, shall exceed the Sum of five quarter 0 Pounds, and who shall think himself aggrieved thereby, to appeal to the next General Quarter sessions scmoas! '

of the Peace, to be held after the Expiration of ten Days, from the Time that the Party aggrieved shall have Notice of the Adjudication of such sub meeting of the commissioners of the County, wherein the Matter of Complaint shall originally arise, but not afterwards, upon giving six Days Notice in Writing, 6 Days Notice of such Appeal to the Party or Parties appealed against, or leaving such Notice at his or their last Placet be £lven' of Abode; and the Court of such Quarter sessions shall hear and determine such Appeal, and give such Costs to cither Party, as they shall think reasonable, whose Determination therein shall be final.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks of the Peace for the said fe clelks of the veral Counties through which the said Rivers run, shall be, and are hereby, appointed Clerks to the said, a[^leiei Commissioners, and each of such Clerks of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall, and are hereby required to Commissioners attend, and at as Clerks to' the said Commissioner, such of their Meetings only, as shall be held in

the County whereof he is Clerk of the Peace: And such Clerks of the Peace shall respectively be paid out of the several Counties Stock, of which County they are Clerks of the Peace, such Sums for their At and to be paid

tendance at such Meetings respectively, as shall at such Meetings, at which they shall so attend, be allowed ut j tjw

them by any three or more of the said Commissioners, by Writing or Certificate under their Hands and <"oun!y ot

Seals, not exceeding the Sum of twenty Shillings a Day; and the Treasurers of the said Counties respectively are hereby required to pay the same, the Clerks of the Peace producing such Certificate as aforesaid.

VIII. And whereas, for the more effectual putting of the Powers herein contained in Execution, it may be necessary to view the several Locks, Weirs, Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes, Dams, floodgates,

or other Engines, and the several towing paths upon or near the said Rivers; 'Be it enacted by the Commissioners Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any three, or the major Part of them, at such their 1t'p0"^rej General Meetings or sub meetings, may appoint any Number of Commissioners (but not a less Numberviewjqc 5' than three) as they shall think fit, who are hereby authorised and empowered to go and view any Locks,

Weirs, Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes, Dams, floodgates and other Engines, in, upon or near adjoining to the said Rivers; and likewise to view all towing paths, Gates, Bridges and Places proper for the fixing a watermark at all Locks, Weirs, Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes, Dams, floodgates and other Engines, and to inquire into the State, Condition and Circumstances thereof; and to inquire also by Information and to inquire upon Oath (which shall be in the same Words as the Oath herein before directed for the Examination ofln: o t'ieir st.ite, Witnesses as aforesaid, which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer) what Rates or Prices have anti the Rates., formerly been paid to, or taken by, the Owners or Proprietors of such Locks, Weirs, Bucks, Winches; formejrly Paid Turnpikes, Dams, floodgates or other Engines, in or upon, or near adjoining to the said Rivers, or in any wise affecting the same, as likewise by the Owners of towing paths adjoining to the said Rivers; and the several Sums that are now paid to, or taken by such Owners, Proprietors or Occupiers, from the fe and the Sams veral barge masters' navigating on the said Rivers; which Information or Informations thus taken, shall be" 0"' tafce!] signed by two of the said Commissioners at least, and shall be by them transmitted to, and reported at, the^signed by next General Meeting of the said Commissioners, who, or any seven of them, or the major Part of them, Commissioners, shall make such Order and Determination thereupon, as shall to them seem just; six Days Notice in and reported to Writing of such Informations and intended Order being first given to the Person or Persons whom the farnetl(ej, extgeneral may concern, or left at his, her or their last Place of Abode. Meeting' C

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or Commissioners more of them, or the major Part of them, shall have Power and Authority, and they are hereby enjoined to rate the Prices and required, at their said General Meetings, to assess and rate the Prices of the Carriage of all Sorts ofof Carnage, Goods whatsoever, from the said City of London westward, to the said Town of Cricklade, and back from thence to the said. City of London, or to or from thence respectively, to any other Place or Places upon the said Rivers, or to or from any Place or Places upon the said Rivers, to any other Place or Places upon the same, in such Boats, Barges or other Vessels; end hall forthwith give public Notice in Writing, to be signed by the said Commissioners at such their Meetings, or any seven or more of them, to be printed and published in the London Gazette, of which public Notice the several Owners of Boats, Barges and

other vell els, navigating on the said Rivers, are hereby required to take Notice, as also of the Rates and g'^z; )e ln

Prices io, from Time to Time, let and assessed, and of all other Rates and Prices, which shall at any Time or Times hereafter, at such tespective Meetings as aforesaid, be rated and assessed by virtue of this Act: And if any Owner or Proprietor of any such Barge, Boat or' other vessel, hall, at any Time Penalty of ta

after the Expiration of ten Days next after the publiftiing of such Notice, take for the water carriage.of k'" mtore tl'aa' any Goods or Merchandizes, above the Rates and Prices so set as aforesaid, every Person or Persons so of ' e att' sending hall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, and hall lole the Freight, of such Goods; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall break or aft contrary to any other Rules, Orders or Constitutions, which shall orofactingcon be made in pursuance of this Act, either for the Benefit of the Proprietors or Owners of Mills, Locks,

Lands or Meadows, near or adjoining to the said Rivers, or either of them, or otherwise howfoeyer; every such Person so offending hall, for every such Offence, likewise forfeit the Sum. of five Pounds, unless in the Case of Offences on which other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein otherwise inflicted; all whicly respective Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be recovered in a summary Way, by Information or.

Complaint made to the said Commissioners at any or either of their sub meetings to' be held as aforesaid Application of.' and shall go and be applied, one Moiety to the Informer, or Informers, and the other Moiety to the the Forfatuicsr

C

320 C 8. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

Party or Parties aggrieved by any such Offence; and shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale in Manner herein before directed.

nocommissioner X Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner or com to act where ha niissioners shall sit in Judgement in the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers herein contained, where interfiled. jje or they on Jijs or their own Parts, are any wise interested or concerned.

appc.il from the

XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or_person ctimmiititir.ers shall think himself or themselves aggrieved, by reason of any Rules, Orders, Constitutions or Assessment? to the judges of so as aforesaid to be made by the said Commissioners, or any seven of them, or the major Part of them, at Aflue, C their said General Meetings, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Judge or Judges of Assize, at the Assizes to be held for the County wherein the Matter of Complaint principally ariseth, or the Judge or Judges of Nisi Prius, or sitting of Nisi Prius at Westminster, when the Cause of Complaint shall arise in the County of Middlesex, upon Complaint made by such Person or Persons aggrieved, within the Space of eight Months next after the making of such Rules, Orders, Constitutions or Affdlments, to confirm, vacate or alter the same, in such Manner as shall be thought most convenient.

Orders of Com

XII. Provided always, That the Orders made by the said Commissioners shall remain in full Force till va vacated or altered, by such Judge or Judges: But if such Orders, Rules or Constitutions shall affect the cjfed, r except'in* Property or Interest of any Person or Persons, in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, other than in Cases afsfling Locks, Weirs. Winches, Turnpikes, Dams, floodgates, ancient towing paths and landing places, oilier Property, then such Orders, Rules and Constitutions flaa.ll not be in Force, until the Expiration of one Month next after the making thereof, and after Notice given in Writing to the Person or Persons affected thereby, or left at his or their Place of Abode, in order that the Person or Persons so affected may have an Opportunity of appealing against such Orders, Rules and Constitutions, before the same are carried into Execution; and every such Person or Persons who shall make such Appeal, shall, within the Space of one Month, give Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the Commissioners making the Rules, Orders or Constitutions intended to be appealed against; and shall also enter into a Recognisance before some Justice of the Peace of the County wherein the Matter doth lie, in the Penalty of ten Pounds at lead, to prosecute the said Appeal, according to the Notice given thereof, as aforesaid; which Case the Rule --, Orders or Constitutions so appealed against, shall not be in Force untift such Appeal be heard and determined, according to Jadgestnay give the Directions of this at; and in case the Judge or judges, who hall hear the said Appeal, shall deter c6fts. 'mine the same against the Appellant, it shall be lawful for such Judge or Judges to give such Costs to the

Party or Parties against whom the said Appeal is made, as to such Judge or Judges shall seem meet.

Orders to see xih. Provided allb, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Rules, Orders, Pardiment and constitutions and Assessments as shall be made by the said of, or any seven, or the major Parc printed1'an of them, in pursuance of this act, shall be written on Parchment, and signed by the said Commissioners, or any seven, or the major Part of them, and shall also be printed; and the original Orders, so signed, sni kept amongst shall be kept amongst ihe Records of the Sessions of the Peace of the County within which the same shall the Records of be made; and a true Copy, signed by the Clerk of the Peace of the County where such original Orders she secioas. shall be filed, shall by him be transmitted to the several Clerks of the Peace of the Counties of Berks and Oxford when the said Orders are made in other Counties than those of Berks and Oxen; all which, or true Copies thereof, signed by the Clerk of the Peace, who hath the Custody thereof, shall be taken, adjudged, and deemed good and sufficient Evidence and Proof in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever, and other Places of Judicature; and the said Rules, Orders, Constitutions and Assessments, so signed by the said Commissioners, or confirmed or altered on such Appeal as aforesaid, shall continue in Force from the making the same by the said Commissioners, or the Confirmation or Alteration thereof, by the said Judge or Judges of Aftktc, or Nisi Prius, until some new Order, Rule, Constitution Or Assessment, shall be made in the same Case, by the said Commissioners, or any seven, or the major Part of them; and every such new Order, Rule, Constitution or assessment, shall be subject to the like Appeal as aforesaid.

XIV. And, for the further preventing the Damages and Mischiefs frequently done and committed by rude and disorderly Persons, rowing, managing, haling or towing the said Barges, Boats and Vessels, either with Men or Horses, and that the Owners of such Barges, Boats and Vessels may be more careful rirge master re to prevent the same; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every barge master, or the Mailer of ipojifible for Da any Boat or Veiled, and Owner of any Barge, Boat and Vessel, shall be, and is hereby, made answera ole by anc le*'pon^!e for any Damage or Mischief that shall be done or committed by his or their Barge, Boat or veil'd, or by the whole or any of the Crew of his or thdr said Barge, Boat or Vessel, or by Persons ordinarily belonging to, and going with such Barge, j oat or Vessel, either to the Goods and Commodities with which such Barge, Boat or Vessel is laden, or by fishing with Nets, or otherwise, or by Ihooiing with Guns, or taking or destroying any Fish, Fowl or Game, or to any of the Locks, lock tackle, Weirs, Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes, Dams, floodgates or other Engines; or to any Bridge or Lands, Trees, Meadows or Grounds, in and upon the said Rivers, or bordering, or near adjoining thereto, either with Men or Horses: the said barge mailers, barge owners, and the Mailers and Owners of any Boat or Vefief shall be, and are hereby, made liable to make good all such Damages to be committed as aforesaid; shall and may be sued and prosecuted for the same, by Action of fref pass or otherwise; if it appear that such Trefnafs. or Damage was done by any of the Persons ordinarily belonging to or employed in the Barge or other Craft, whereof such Person or Persons was or were Master or Mailer. Owner crowners, such Master or Masters, Owner or Owners, shall be found guilty, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover his or their Damages thereby sustained, with his, her and their full Costs of Suit; any former Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV

3

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 8. 321

XV. And whereas the Bargemen, and other Persons navigating the Barges, Boats and other Vessels on the Paid Rivers, have frequently embezilled and adulterated Wines, Cyder, Beer and other Liquors;

and have often Role and bartered Coals, Malt, Wheat and other goods"committed to their Care; and have been guilty of many other Abuses, to the great Damage of the Proprietors of such Goods, and the Discredit of the said Navigation; but it has been found very difficult to detect the Offenders Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Bargeman, Boatman, or other Person or Persons, Penalty on being Part of the Crew of or belonging to any Barge, Boat or other vessel, navigating the Paid Rivers, shall fjjv '.f!'1" hereafter Real, sell, take, barter, conitime, adulterate or embezil any Wine, Cyder, Beer or other Liquor, Oo xon^hind. Coals, Malt, Wheat or other Goods, which shall be Part of the Freight of such Barge, Boat or other Vend, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County wherein, or adjoining to the Place where, the oft'ence shall be committed (who are hereby iin powered to hear and determine such Complaints in a summary Way, and to convict the Offenders, either upon their own Confession, or upon the Evidence of one credible Witness upon Oath, which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer) such Bargemen, Boatmen, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings for every such Offence, to any Person or Persons forfti?" rc tn who will inform thereof, the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrantto tllc under the Hand and Seal of the Justice before whom the Complaint or Information 111 all be made or laid

And in case such Offender or Offenders shall have no Goods and Chattels, whereby the Penalty may beforwvitof di levied, or do not, upon Demand, pay down the said forty Shillings, then such Justice shall and may send stre<"s'ofin: '", such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there nr be kept to hard Labour, for any Time nott0 bclj: " mt' exceeding the Space of two Months: And in such Case the Person or Persons so informing, shall be al and the Informer lowed and paid the said Sum of forty Shillings, by the County Treasurers of the two Counties between to be the which that Part of the said River shall run, where the Offence shall happen to be committed, in equal jr "ty r'ca" Shares and Proportions: And the Treasurers of such Counties are hereby required to pay the same, upon the Informer or Informers producing a Certificate of the Conviction of the said Offender or Offenders, under the Hand of the Justice before whom the Information shall be laid; and that such Offender or Offenders had no Goods and Chattels, whereon the Penalty could be levied as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any two oi Complaint of the said Commissioners, upon the Complaint of, and Oath made by any of the Tenants or Occu that tbs Water piers of the Meadows above, that the Water runs over the watermark, and that their Meadows are in runs.?ver he Danger of being overflowed, to send, under their respective Hands and Seals, a Warrant directed to*c°m'

Constable or Constables of the Parish or Tything, or some neighbouring Parish or Tything to the Placecom?" Uhe y where the Offence shall be committed, thereby authorising and impowering him or them to give Notice of Owners of Locks such Complaint to the several Tenants or Occupiers of the said Locks, Weirs, Turnpikes, Dams and to open the same. floodgates; and on their Refusal to open the same, to compel the said Tenants or Occupiers of the said Locks, Weirs, Turnpikes, Dams and floodgates, to open, and keep open the same, as Occasion shall require, till the Water is sunk below the watermark, and no longer: And if any Damage shall be fuf > Commissioners tained by the Tenants or Occupiers of such Meadows, occasioned either by the Occupiers or Tenants f

such Locks, Weirs, Bucks, Turnpikes, Dams and floodgates, penning above the watermark, so as mp^occasioned aforesaid set by the said Commissioners; or neglecting or refuffng to draw, after such Notice, as aforesaid; over flowing, any three or more of the said Commissioners shall, at any of their sub meetings to be held as aforesaid, within the Space of fourteen Days next ensuing, on Proof made on Oath as aforesaid, of the.

Damage or Damages, order such Satisfaction as to them shall ieem just: And if any or either of the Penalty of not. Tenants or Occupiers of any Locks, Weirs, Bucks, Turnpikes, Dams or floodgates, shall refuse to pai ins' pay such Sum or Sums of Money so ordered, within thirty Days after such Order made, and Notice thereof given, he or they so refuffng shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, over and above the Sum or Sums so ordered, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any three or more of the said Commissioners as aforesaid.

XVII. And whereas great Inconveniences and Damages do often happen to light loaded Barges,

Boats and other Vessels, by deep loaded Barges, Boats and other Vessels, lying across or aground in the said Rivers; and thereby or otherwise obstructing and preventing the Passage of such light loaded Vessels,

which otherwise might pass: For Remedy whereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Commissioners That it shall and may be 1 twful for any one or more of the said Commissioners, on his or their View, or111^ m' ke Order on Complaint thereof made to him or them by the Owners or Navigators of such light loaded Barges, Jep-

Boats or other Vessels, to order the Owners or Navigators of such deep loaded Barges, Boats or otherxftruaintfthe Vessels, by Warrant under his or their Hands, forthwith to remove such Obstructions, by lightning their Navigation, said Vessels, or otherwise, in such Manner as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall think fit; and to fufter the said light loaded Barges, Boats or other Vessels to pass; and upon noncompliance with such Penalty of Non order, to assess and levy by Warrant under Rich Commissioner or Commissioners Hands and Seals, to becorop!ianc0 directed to the Constables, or other Peace Officers, of the Parish or Place wherein or near to the Place where such Complaint shall arise, such Penalty not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds, upon the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, or the Tackle belonging to his or their Barge or Barges, as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall think proper, or adequate to the Damage to be thereby fuilained by the Owner or Owners of such light loaded Vessel or Vessels, and to be paid to the Person next immediately sustaining the Damage occasioned by his Boat or vessel's being ifopt.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall appear, either by View of any Penalty of re three or more of the said Commissioners, or upon Complaint made on Oath, to be taken and administered moving Water

VOL. VII - T t: asmarks.

322

C 8.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

and appoint Receivers.

as herein beiorc directed, to any five or more of the said Commissioners, at any of the said sub meetings, that any Owner or Occupier oi any Lock, Weir, Turnpike, Dam or flood gate, or any other Person or Persons, hath removed any watermark, so as a sore said let or appointed by the said Commissioners, that the Person or Pci Tonnes so removing the same shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered at any ott' e laid sub meetings, in a summary Way by any Person or Persons who will complain or inform thereof, and levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, in Manner aforesaid.

XIX. And whereas it may be necessary to cleanse, scour, clear and ballast the said Rivers in many comm itioni rs ' Places; 'Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said for d'nfin^\l!e^0ram'^oners' 01 any en or more f them, at any of their General Meetings, by any Order under their Rivers e Hands and Seals, to cause the said Rivers, or such Parts thereof as to them shall l'eem meet, to be cleansed, icourcd, cleared and ballalfed, and all Obstructions and Annoyances in and upon the said Rivers to be removed; and to defray the Charges and Coifs of such clearing, cleansing, scouring and ballaffing; and removing all Obstructions and Annoyances aforesaid; also to defray the incidental Expenses of printing and publishing the Orders of the Commissioners; and for the making a reasonable Recompense to the several Clerks of the Peace, for transmitting Duplicates of such Orders as aforesaid; for paying the Salaries of such Officers as the Commissioners hall think fit to appoint, for the inspecting the Execution of and impose a this Act; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at Rate on Barges, any Gf their General Meetings, to impose and feta Rate or Rates, to be paid by the Owner or Owners of every Boat, Barge or vcsse], passing the said Place so cleared, cleansed, lcoured and ballafled; and to appoint a Receiver or Receivers thereof until a sufficient Sum be raised for defraying the Expense thereof: And in case the Owner or Owners of such Boat, Barge or vessel shall neglect or refuse to pay the said Rate or Rates, so directed to be paid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to such Receiver or Receivers, to levy the Moneys so rated, or directed to be paid, upon the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay the same, and to dispose of and fell the Goods and Chattels so levied, and to dedmt thereout the said Rates so directed to be paid, together with the Coifs and Charges of such Warrant, Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus to the Person or Persons so refusing or neg lcdling to pay the said Rate or Rates as aforesaid.

ownersofp.jrges

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owners of all Boats, 'to affix their, bal ges and other Vessels, of the Burden of twenty Tonnes, and upwards, navigating the said Rivers, shall piatevof Abod» taule his, her or their Name or Names, and Place of Abode, together with the Dimentsions and Tonnage con their of his, her or rheir Boat, Barge or Veiled, to be seton some conspicuous Places of their respective Boats, vefiijs. Barges or Vessels: And every Owner or Owners neglecting so to do, or suffering his, her or their Boat, Penalty. Barge or other Vessel, to navigate in or upon the said Rivers, or either of them, without their respective Names, Place of Abode, Dimension and Tonnage thereon, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings for every such Offence, to any Person or Persons who will make Information or Complaint thereof to the said Commissioners, at any or either of their sub meetings, to be, as aforesaid, held; the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods as aforesaid, so as the Offender or Offenders be thereof sirs duly convicted by the said Commissioners, at any of their sub meetings as aforesaid.

XXI. And whereas for improving the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and i/is, it is found expedient to put such Part of the River of Keiinet, as is between the common landing place at Reading aforesaid the Mouth of the said River of Kennet, under the same Regulation and Management; 'be it therefore p.irt of the Ri enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners appointed by this Act shall be Commissioners undo thtfome or carrying on and regulating the Navigation of the aforesaid Part of the said River Kennet, in like man manogcmen' ller as tbsy are hereby appointed Commissioners concerning the Navigation of the said Rivers of Thames and Ijis \ and that all and singular the Powers and Authorities by this Act given to, or vested in, the said Commissioners, relating to the Navigation of the said Rivers of Thames and is, shall extend to, and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to exercise the same over the aforesaid Part of the said River Kemiet, and over all Persons, Boats, Barges and Vessels navigating the same, or any ways concerned therein, and the Locks, Weirs, Turnpikes, Dams, floodgates and other Engines thereon, and the adjacent Lands, Meadows, Tenements and preinittes; and to make all such, or any of the Orders and Constitutions relating thereto, as are herein mentioned, and in like manner as the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to do, of and concerning the Navigation of the said Rivers of Thames and i/is, and the Matters and Things relating thereto, or any Persons interested or concerned therein.

Limitation.

XXII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away any Jurisdiction, Power or Authority of the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or any other Body Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons whatsoever.

Orders to be kept

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Orders of the said commis the pet?1 "ks* finer shall be kept by the Clerks of the Peace aforesaid, among the Records of the Sessions of the Peace the record0"2'n fbe respective Counties where the same shall be made; and that such Clerks of the Peace, respectively, shall permit the same to be inspected by all Persons defiling the same, at convenient Times; and shall deliver Copies thereof, or of any Part thereof, to any Person desiring the same, taking for the Searches and Copies thereof reasonable Fees, to be limited by the said Commissioners from Time to Time, at their General Meetings aforesaid.

tumick Act.

XXIV. And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed a public!: Acts, and shall be taken Notice of as such, without specially pleading the same: And if any Action shall be brought, or Suit commenced, against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance f

this

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii U. C9 — 11. 323

this Act, every such Action or Suit shall he brought or commenced in the County or Place where the Cause of Action or Suit doth arise, and not elsewhere, and within the Space of six Months next after such Cause of Action shall accrue; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the Ge General Issue. neral ktue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the Time before limited for bringing or commencing the same, or shall be brought or commenced in any other County or Place, then, and in such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such Case, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs Pnall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if any Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement flan ll be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover double doome Coils. Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Costs and Charges of obtaining this of 'j1'3

shall be paid by the Treasurers of the several Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Bucks, Berks, Oxford, Gloii i(j how to be cester and Wilts, through which the said Rivers run, in equal Shares, that is to say, by every treasurerp

of the said several Counties, one seventh Part, to William Cooke of Great Barring, Bn in the County of Berks,

Gentleman, his Executors or Administrators, upon his or their producing to such Treasurers reflectively the Bill of Costs and Disbursements, on account of passing this Act, firmed by any five of the said commissioners, or their Certificate, or Allowance thereof; And the said Treasurers of the said Counties are hereby required to pay the same accordingly, on Sight of such Bill, Certificate or Allowance, so as aforesaid signed; and the Receipts of the said William Cooke, his Executors or Administrators, shall be good and sufficient Vouchers to such Treasurers respectively, and allowed in their respective Accounts for what they shall so as aforesaid respectively pay to the said tvdliam Cooke, his Executors or Administrators, in pursuance of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the End of this pre 6 & 7 W. 3. sent Session of Parliament, the said Act made in the sixth and seventh Years of his late Majesty Kirrgc l6 William the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Ijocks and Weirs upon the River

of Thames wejiivarel, and for ascertaining the Rates of water carriage upon the said River, and also the said other Act, made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reviving andmi 3 Geo - amending an Act made in the sixth and f venth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, CL intituled, An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Weirs upon the river of Thames westward; and for ascertaining the Rates of water carriage upon the said River; shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

CAP. IX.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from West lavington to the Devizes, and from the Devizes to Scend, in the County of Wilis.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for; 21 Tars.

CAP. X

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley ridge and South mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex. PR. [The Acts X Geo. 1. and 8 Geo. 2. c. 9. continued for 21 Years.]

CAP. XI.

An Act for reducing the Interest upon the Capital Stock of the south-sea Company, from the Time and upon the Terms therein mentioned; and for preventing of Frauds committed by the Officers and Servants of the said Company.

MOST Gracious Sovereign: Whereas the Corporation of the Governor and Company of ai'er

chants of Great Britain trading to the South seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging., a i/jaj the Kifhery, have proposed to accept of four Pouiff; per Centum per Annum on their Capital Stock, toe? 30." 3

Chrjhnas one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and then to land reduced to three Pounds per 1 Geo. 1. C zi.

Centum per Annum, provided the Receipt from the Exchequer, and Charges of Management, upon the 3 ' C

present Old and New south-sea Annuities, be continued as they now are; and also the Charges 6f Ala? ' f'

nagement on the Capital Stock of the said Company be continued; and that all the Rights and exemp s?, z.'c't 4 tions, with regard to the Redemption of the same, be confirmed in the same Manner as they now Hand; 7 Geo. 1. c. 5.

And your majesty's dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons" of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, 7 Geo. 1

1 having duly considered the said Proposal, have resolved to accept thereof, in full Discharge of all Demands J' c' ZI ' which the said Company could or might claim of the King of Spain, on account of the Aftiento, or an cf. 1. C g 4 nual Ship, or on any Account whatsoever, over and above the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds 1 Geo. 2. C

paid pursuant to treatyand do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; t Gts - C i5 and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent' Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fffd f

6 Geo. z. 25 &; S, 7 Geo. 2. c. 17.9 Geo. 2. r, 34. logeo, 2, r. 17, 20 Geo. 2. c. 3. 24geo. 2.

e.

32 4

C I 2.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

soutvsea Com tame, That the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South sas, and pany to leceive other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, flail have, receive and enjoy, and shall be iwi 4 I, p rcent. n tied, by virtue of this Act, to have, receive and enjoy the present Annuity of four Pounds per Centum per tilf" - Dec'Annum, payable on their said Capital Stock, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven 17jj-'hundred and iifty seven; and that from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven

which is then hundred and fifty seven, the said Annuity of four Pounds per Centura per Annum shall be reduced to an Into he reduced to tcreft after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the Redemption thereof, in full Discharge 3 1. percent. of ttll Demands which the said Company could or might claim of the King of Spain, on account of the Assiento, or annual Ship, or on any Account whatsoever, over and above the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds paid pursuant to Treaty.

Charges of M

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor

nagement upon and Company flail continue to receive from the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, so much Moneys out their Oid and Df the Fllnds appropriated for that Purpose, as flail, from Time to Time, become due and payable for the to^be continued Interest and Charges of Management upon such Part of the said Old and New south-sea Annuities, as

CL ' are not redeemed, and on the Capital Stock of the said Company, as they now have and receive; and that

all the Rights and Exemptions, with regard to the Redemption of the said Capital Stock of the said Company, shall be, and are hereby, confirmed in the same Manner as they now stand; any Thing in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer or Servant of the said Company, being entrusted with any Note, Bill, Dividend warrant, Bond, Deed, or any Security, Money or other Effects belonging to the said Company, or having any Bill, Dividend warrant, Bond, Deed, or any Security, Money or Effects of any other Person or Persons lodged or deposited with the said Company, or with him as an Officer or Servant of the said Company, flail secrete, embezil or run away with, any such Note, Bill, Dividend warrant, Bond, Deed, Security, Money or Effects, or any Part of them, every Officer or Servant so offending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

Officer or Servant of the Company em bezilling, C any Effects of the Company in hulled with him,

to fuller Death as a Felon,

See farther 26 Geo. 2. c. 16.

Cap. xir.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act made in the twenty second Year of the Reign oiyjtug Charles the Second, for making navigable the Rivers commonly called Brandon and Waveney, so far as the same relates to the Navigation of the River coin, monly called the Lesser Ouze, from Bhetford to Brandon, and from Brandon to a Place called the White House, near Brandon Ferry, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

PR.

Car. 2. ' "5WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for making navigable the Rivers commonly called Brandon and jvaveney,

diverse Persons therein named were constituted Commissioners for determining all Controversies which might arise in making the said Rivers navigable, in maintaining the Navigation thereof, in settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods on the said Rivers, and for ascertaining the Damages done to the Banks of the said Rivers by hauling and drawing of Vessels navigated thereon; and Power was given to the Commissioner appointed by the said Act, or any five of them, to choose other Persons, residing in the Coun ties of Norfolk and Suffolk, to be Commissioners, instead of such Commissioners as Should from Time to Time die: And whereas all the Commissioners appointed to put into Execution so much of the said Act'as relates to the Navigation of the said River commonly called the lesser Ouzc, from t'hetford to Brandon, 'and from Brandon to a Place called the White House, near Brandon Ferry, have been long since dead;

and that no new Commissioners were appointed in their Stead and Place, pursuant to the Power veiled in

them by the said Act: And whereas some Disputes have of late Years arisen between the Owners of

Lands and Banks adjoining to the said River commonly called the lesser Ouzc, from Thetford to Brandin,

and from Brandon to a Place called the White House, near Brandon Ferry, relating to the hauling ways there, and other Matters relating to the said Navigation, which cannot be adjuiled and settled by any other Means than by expensive and tedious Lawsuits, unless some further Provision be made by Par linment for appointing new Commissioners, and inverting them with the like Powers and Authorities as were granted to the Commissioners appointed by the said former Act relating to the said Navigation May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, C "

"appointed to put the Act of 22 Car. 2. in Execution, so far as relates to the Navigation

of the Lesser Ouzc."

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quaito. Georgii IIo C 13, 14. 325

CAP. XIII.

An Act for repearing the Road from Crosford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town of manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.].

CAP. XIV.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

PR.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his11 G C 3*» present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Myflcry of Mercers of the City of London, after reciting that by Indentures of Lease and Relcafe,

bearing Date respectively the third and fourth Days of October one thousand six hundred and ninety nine, and enrolled in the High Court of Chancery, the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mer ' cers of the City of London, did grant and release diverse Messuages and Tenements, Tofts, Gardens,

6 Ground and Hereditaments, of and belonging to the said Wardens and Commonalty, situate and being.

in the City of London, and in the County of Middlesex, therein particularly mentioned and described;

together with one full Moiety of all that great Fabric and Place called the Royal Exchange, London, and other Tenements in, under, upon or near the same, therein particularly mentioned and described; and also all that the Manor of Mercers, with the Rights, Members ajid app" rtcnances thereof, lying and being in the County of Londonderry, in Ireland, and diverse other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in Ireland, in the same Indentures more particularly mentioned and described, unto Sir ifilliatn Hedges,

and several other Persons, as Trustees, their Heirs and Assigns, upon Trust, amongst other Things, to pay and satisfy several charitable Gifts; and also such Annuities to be granted by the said Wardens and Commonalty, during the Lives of the Wives of Clergymen, or of other Persons, surviving their Huf ' bands, in such manner as in the said Act is mentioned; and also reciting that by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date the first and second Days of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-one,

Richard chef well the elder. Sir Thomas Wcbfter, David Papillon and Clement Tookie, therein named, being then the only surviving Trustees in certain Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date the first and second Days of June one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in the said Act mentioned and referred ' to, did, by the Direction and Appointment of the said Wardens and Commonalty, grant and convey the said several Trust Estates to the Use of themselves, and other Trustees therein named, their Heirs and Assigns, upon certain Trusts, and for diverse Purposes mentioned in the said Act, or in certain Deeds therein referred to; and also reciting that the Trustees, in whom the' legal Interest of the said Estates comprised in the said Indentures of the third and fourth of October one thousand six hundred and ninety nine, and the said Indentures of the first and second of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-one,

was then veiled, might refuse to act; and that it might be for the Benefit of the said Annuitants, that building and repairing Leases should be left of the several Estates that are within the City of London and County of Middlesex, and also that such of the said Estates as are in the Kingdom of Ireland, should be let for a Term of Years, or for Lives and a Term of Years; it was enabled. That it should and might be lawful to and for the said Wardens and Commonalty, and their Successors, from Time to Time, by any Deed or Deeds indented under the Common Sealof the said Wardens and Commonalty to demise and lease all or any Part of the said Estates (except as therein after is excepted) for any Term or Nura her of Years not exceeding twenty-one Years absolute, in Possession, and not in Reversion, reserving most improved Rent that could be had for the same, without taking any Fine or other Thing, by way of Income, for granting any Lease or Leases thereof, and so as no such Lease or Leases should be made difpunishable of Waste, and so as the respective Lessees should seal and execute Counterparts of such Lease or Leases respectively; in which said Act is contained a Proviso, that it should and might be lawful to and for the said Wardens and Commonalty, and their Successors, to demise and lease the Manor of Mercers, Part of the said Estates in the Kingdom of Ireland, with the Rights, Members and 1 Appurtenances, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding sixty one Years in Possession, or for sixty one Years in Possession, and for the Lives of any three Persons, and the Life of the longer Liver of them; and that they, should and might take such Fine or Fines, or other.

Consideration, for the granting such Lease or Leases, and reserve such yearly or other Rent or Rents thereon, as could be reasonably obtained, so as the reserved Rent upon any such. Lease be not less than the Rent then reserved to the said Wardens and Commonalty; and also that it should and might be lawful to and for the said Wardens and Commonalty to demise and lease the several Messuages and Tenements, Part of the said Estates, situate, lying. Handing and being, in or near Long Acre in the County of Middlesex,

all other the Messuages or Tenements belonging to the said Estates, which they should deem necessary to let upon building or [repairing Leases, according to the common.or usual method of letting such

326 C 15 — 17. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1750.

Leases; videlicet, the building Leases for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding sixty one Years,

and the repairing Leases for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding forty-one Years, to com nrence from the Date, or Dates of any such Leases; and should and might take such Fine or ines, or

other Consideration, and such yearly and other Rent or e.ents, for granting such Lease or Leases, as they should think fit; in which building Lease or Leases, 'power should be given to tyre respective Lef ' sees, or their Agents, to pull down and demolish the old Buildings, and to dispose of the Materials, at they should respectively think fit; and also a Proviso, that no Lease or Leases of any Part of the said Estates (except the Estates in Ireland and Long Acre) should be granted till within the Space of three Years next before the Expiration of such Lease or Leases as were then in being: And whereas the True fees named and appointed by the said Deeds of the first and second Days ol June one thousand Even hundred and forty-one, decline acting in the said Trust: And whereas the Powers given to the Did ' Wardens and Commonalty by the said recited Act, are not sufficient to enable the said V 'ardens and Commonalty to grant such Lease or Leases of their Estate in Ireland, as was meant and intended by lhe said Act they should have Power to grant, inasmuch as by the said Act, the Leases they are thereby enabled to grant, are to be for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding sixty one Years in Pofiie.

fion, or for sixty one Years in Possession and for the Lives of any three Feffons, and the Life of the 6 longer Liver of them: And whereas the said Irijl) Estate is now let on Lease or Leases which are not yet expired; and the Power given by the said Act to grant Leases for sixty orre Years, being refrained and limited to be for sixty one Years iri possession; and the Power of granting Leases for three Lives,

being a Power to grant a Freehold, the same cannot by the Rules of Law be granted to commence in t"future; so that the said Wardens and Commonalty, as the Act now Ends, cannot legally grant any Lease of the said Irijl) Estate, either for fixfy one Years, or for three Lives and sixty 'brie Years, 'until the f Lease or Leases thdreof now in being are expired or surrendered, without the Aid ocean Act of Parliament for explaining and amending the said recited Act, with respect to the Power of granting.leases of the said Estate And Whereas it wifi be greatly for the Advantage of the Annuitants of the said War dens and Commonalty, that the said wardens and Commonalty fnuuld be now enabled, and have Power,

to grant Leases of tliefr faits Irijl) Eliate to commen ce tit the Expiration of the Leases thereof now fub sitting, reserving the present Rent, anil taking the beftfine that can be got for the same, according to the ' 'true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act; 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, at the humble Request of your loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, that it' may be enacted, bfi.

4c Mercer's Company miy grant Leases of their Estate iri Ireland, in Reversion for 61 Years, o'r'for three "Lives, and take Fines, Lfc. They may grant building Leases for 61 Years, &c. ami repairing Leases ' "for 4j Years, of their Estate in Long Acre, and take Fines; and may lease their other Estates in London "and Middlesex, for 21 Years; and gfarit building Leases for 6r Years, and repairing Leases for 4.1 "Years, without Fines. Leases Of the Estates in London or Middlesex not to be granted until within 3 "Years of the Expiration of the present Leases. No Lease to be valid, unless corrfente'd tb by the a11 nuitants and Creditors, &c. Deed's anil Settlements not altered by this Act! Rights of the Crown and of other Persons referred. Public Act.' [Amended 25 Geo. 2. c. 7. j

CAP. XV.

An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Mary, ijlington, in the County of Middlesex, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish.1 PR'.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of small Debts within the City of Lincoln, and County of the same City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof; and within the Bail of Lincoln in the County of Lincoln.

PR.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for repairing, the Road leading from the east end.of Brampton High Lane in the County' of York, to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to and through the Towns of Ajirigg and Ingleton in the said County., to the Town of Lcfnc ajtcr in the comity of Lamajer. PR,

[Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years,]

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 18. 327

CAP. XVIII.

An act for the better Regulation of trials by Jury; and for enlarging the Time for Trials by Nisi Prius in the County of Middlesex.

[3 Geo. 2. C]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, *entitled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries; it is amongst other things enacted, That the Person or Party who shall apply for a Special jury to be (truck in the manner therein mentioned, shall bear and pay th? Fees for the Striking such Jury, and shall not have any Allowance for the same upon Taxation of Colds: And whereas the said Clause doth extend only to the Fees paid for striking such Special Jury; by reason whereof Special Juries have frequently been applied for in small and trivial Causes, in order to burden the other Party with the Expense thereof; which Practice has been found to be very in convenient and oppressive: whereas one other Act was made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his 6 ceo z c 37> ' present Majesty, entitled, An act Act for making perpetual the several Acts therein mentioned for the better Regulation of juries; and for impowering the jifvices of Seffim or assizes for the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, to appoint a Special Jury in manner therein mentioned; and for continuing the Act for regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the west Riding of the County of York excepta Clause therein contained) and for continuing any Aid for the more effectual punishing uicked and evil disposed Persons going

two other Acts made for the same Purpose; whereby it is amongst other Things enacted, That the said for the better Regulation of Juries, shoyld be, and was thereby made perpetual; and it was there by also enacted, That the Justices of the Session or Assizes for the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, should and might, upon Motion, order and appoint a Jury to be struck before the proper Officer of each Court respectively, for thetyial of any Issue in any of the Cases, and in such manner as are therein mentioned For Remedy thereof be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of Easter I'ersons applying Term, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, the Person or the

Party who shall by virtue of either of the said Acts apply for such Special Jury, shall not only beamand expences^of* jiay the Fees for striking, Jury, but shall also pay and discharge all the Expences occasioned by the striking the Trial of the Cause by such Special Jury, " and shall not have any further or other Allowance for the same, fa ire, and the upon Taxation of Costs Person or Party would he entitled unto in case the Cause had been ?ha', ee, s oc"'tried by a Common jury, unless the Judge before whom the Cause is tried shall immediately after the^tj e Trial, certify in open Court under his Stand upon the Back of the Record, that the same was a Cause proper to be tried by a Special Jury.

II. And whereas Complaints are frequently made of the great and extravagant Fees paid to Jurymen returned under the authority of the said recited Acts Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall after the said first Day of E after Term, serve upon any Jury appointed or returned by Fees allowed to Authority of any of the said Acts, shall be allowed or take for serving on any such Jury more than the Jurymen.

Sum of Money which the Judge who tries the Issue or Issues shall think just and reasonable, not exceeding the Sum of one Pound one Shilling, except in Causes wherein a View hath been or shall be directed.

III. And whereas by an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Amu, Ann. C 16,

(entitled, An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the Letter Advancement of Justice') it is enacted,

That from and after the first Day of Trinity Term one thousand seven hundred and six, every Venire facias for the Trial of any Issue, in any Action or Suit in any of her majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, shall be awarded of the Body of the proper County where such Issue is triable; but in tfte said Act there is contained a Proviso, that the same shall not extend to any Action or Information upon any penal Statute; which Proviso has, by Experience, been found inconvenient, by reason of Challenges to the Arrays of Panels of Jurors, and to the Polls for Default of plundredors therefore, for Vem', e.fac as for Prevention thereof for the future, be it enacted, That from and after the said first Day of Easter Terra, every Venire facias for the Trial of any Issue, in any Action or Information upon any penal Statute, in nai sututvtobe any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Counties Palatine of Lancaster, Chester, and awarded of the Durham and the Principality of Wales, shall be awarded of the Body of the proper County where such bodj the iicue is triable, anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas great Delays do frequently happen in Trials, where a Peer or Lord of Parliament tnabk' C is Party, by reason of Challenges to the Arrays of Panels of Jurors, for want of a knight's being re turned on such Panels; For Remedy thereof for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Eafm Term, no Challenge shall be taken to any, Panel of Jurors, No challenge to

V for

328 C 19. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

b 11 kei>. to any for want of a knight's being returned in such Panel, nor any Array quashed by reason of any such Chal pauei o^jtuots leilge taken after that Time; any Law, Usage or Cullom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Knight's being returned, C

11 gco.i. c. 31. ' Ar. And whereas by an act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better regulating Trials by Nisi Prius in the County of Middlesex; Power and Authority is given to the Chief Justice of the King's Bench., the Chief Justice of the Common Pica;, ' and the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, for the Time being, and every of them respectively, ' and in the Absence of any of them, to and for any other Judge or Baron of the said several Courts, a, Justices of Nisi Prius for the said County of Middlesex, within the Term, or within the Space of eight Days after the End of any Term respectively, to try all such Issues as by an Act of Parliament made in rsl iiz. C II tie eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, (entitled, An Act for Trial of Nisi Prius in the if. of Middlesex) they, or any of them, are enabled to try, in such Place and Manner, and with

and under such Powers, Authorities and Provisions, as in the said last mentioned Act, or any other Act of Parliament, or Law whatsoever concerning the premisses, are prescribed and contained: And whereas the restraining the Time for such Trials after the Term, to eight Days, hath been found incon justices of Nisi <*and occasioned Delay of Justice Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Prius for the from anc) after the so fl Day of Easter Term in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty dlefts, 5 may' one, shall and may be lawful to and for the Chief Justice of the King's Bench, the Chief Justice of the withm Days Common Pleas, and the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, for the Time being, and every of them after the End of respectively, and in the Absence of any of them, to and for any other Judge or Baron of the said several Term, try Courts, as Justices of Nisi Prius for the said County of Middlesex, at any Time or Times within the Space of fourteen Days after the End of any Term refnedfively, to try all such Issues as by the before sn father it) mentioned Acts they or any of them are enabled to try, in such Place and Manner, and under such Pow 6v,: 2. C 19. ers. Authorities and Provisions as in and by the aforesaid Adds, or any other Act of Parliament or Law whatsoever concerning the premisses, are prescribed and contained; anything in the before mentioned Adds to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XIX.

An act for making the River Nar navigable, from the Town and Port of King's Lynn to West acre, in the County of Norfolk.

PR.

WHEREAS the River Nar in the County of Norfolk, is very capable of being made navigable, from the Town and Port of King's Lynn to jvejlacre in the said County; and the same, if effedded, ' will be of great Benefit and Advantage, not only to the said Town of King's Lynn, but to all the Towns and Places situate near the said River, and be a general Benefit to all the adjacent Country, by better accommodating the same with Necessaries, and by opening and facilitating Trade and Commerce, ' whereby Navigation and the Number of Watermen will be increased, the Poor find Employment, and the Highways thereabouts, now worn by the Weight of heavy and frequent Carriages, will be better supported and maintained To the End therefore that the said River Nar may be made navigable for Boats, Barges and other vessels, from the said Town and Port of King's Lynn to Westacre aforesaid 3 Be it enacted, (Ac.

"Commissioners may contract with Persons to make the River navigable. Undertakers may remove An act"(Ac. and erect Locks above Setch Bridge, C and set out Towing paths. Satisfaction to be "made to the Owners of Grounds. Seven Commissioners may receive Proposals; to be present at "making the Contracts. Notice of Meeting for that Purpose to be given. If the adjourned Meetings be "not held as often as necessary, five Commissioners may iummon a Meeting. Nine Commissioners may "agree with the Owners of such Lands as shall be made use of, and settle the Proportion payable there "to the Tenant. If any Persons shall refuse, or be incapable of making such Agreement, a Jury to "be impanelled, who may view the Lands, and afiefs the Recompense. Verdict to "be kept amongst the Records of the Sessions. Commissioners may summon witnesses, and impose Fines on the Sheriff and "others making default in the premisses, to be levied by Distress and Sale. Tolls to be paid for Goods "carried up or down the River, which are vested in the Commissioners, and may be levied by Distress and "Sale. No Toll to be paid for Goods carried not more than a Furlong above Setch Bridge. Commissioners "may appoint Collectors and Treasurers of the Tolls, and other Officers, and administer an Oath of Office "to them, lac. Salaries to be allowed to the Officers. avatermen to give an Account of the Quantity and*"Quality of Goods on board, lac. Penalty on his Refusal, iifc. Commissioners to setup g ates, tsfe. "where towing paths shall be set out. If the River shall be raised above its usual Height by Weirs or "Dams, the Banks are to be proportionably raised. If new Cuts, V be made, &c. which render the "Ways impassable. Bridges are to be built over them. Commissioners may make Orders concerning the "Navigation of the River. No haling with Horses allowed between King's Lynn and Sandringham Eau. Pe "on Commissioner adding where he is interfiled. Commissioners may make Bylaws, &c. with Pe "Persons aggrieved by any Bylaw may appeal to the Quarter sessions. Royalties of the River "reserved to the Lords, &c. No Toll for pleasure boats. Commission of Sewers not abridged by this Act.

---

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 20 — 23. 329

"Boat-master answerable for Damages done by his Boat or Crew. Justice to inquire into, and order the Recompence. Penalty of obstructing the Passage of other Vessels, or of the opening or shutting the Locks, &c. Penalty on Waterman carrying a Gun or Net to fowl or fish with. Application of the Forfeiture, &c. Persons aggrieved by the Order of any Justice, may appeal to the Sessions. Order of the Justices not removeable by Certiorari. No Order of the Commissioners to be quashed for want of Form. Commissioners may borrow Money on the Tolls."

CAP. XX.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland.

PR.

[Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. XXI.

---

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, For repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodstock through Kiddington and Enftone to Rollright Lane, and from Endow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford; and for making the said Act more effectual. PR. [The Act 3 Geo. 2. c. 21. continued for 21 Years, C j

CAP. XXII.

An act for explaining and amending so much of an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for the repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds; and from thence, in two several Branches j one through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and jvihfey, to the Town of Halifax in the same Riding, as relates to that Part of the said Roads which lies between Selby and Leeds; and also for repairing the Road from Tadcaster* in the said West Riding, over Bramham Moor through Kidhall Lane, over jvin Moor, and through Scacroft to a Place called Hahon Dyal, where it comes into the abovesaid Road, between Selby and Leeds. PR. [The Act 14 Geo. 2. c. 22. continued for 21 Years., and amended.]

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for Regulating the Commencement of the Year and for. Correding the Calendar now in Use.

WHEREAS the legal Supputation of the Year of our Lord in that Part of Great Britain called < Amended t>y England, according to which the Year beginneth on the twenty-fifth Day of March, hath been 25 Geo. 2. C

found by Experience to be attended with diverse Inconveniences, not only as it differs from the Usage of 301'

neighbouring Nations, but also from the legal Method of Computation in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and from the common Usage throughout the whole Kingdom, and thereby frequent Mistakes afe occasioned in the Dates' of Deeds', 'and other Writings, and Disputes arise therefrom: And whereas the Calendar now in Use throughout all his Majesty's British Dominions, commonly called The Julian Calendar, hath been discovered to be erroneous, by means whereof' the Vernal or Spring Equinox, which at the Time of the General Council of Nice in the Year of oiir Lord three hundred and twenty-five, happened on or about the twenty first Day of March, now happens on the ninth or tenth Day of the same Month; and the said Error is still increasing, and if not remedied, would, in Process of Time, occasion the several Equinoxes and Solstices to f..ll at very different Times in the Civil Year from what they formerly did, which might tend to mislead Persons ignorant of the said Alteration

And whereas a Method of correcting the Calendar in such manner, as that the Equinoxes and Solstices may for the future fall nearly on the same nominal Days, on which the lame happened at the Time of the said General Council, hath been received and established, and is now generally practised by almost all other Nations of Europe: And whereas it' will be, of general Convenience to Merchants, and other Persons corresponding with other Nations and Countries, and tend to prevent Mistakes and Disputes in or concerning the pates of Letters, and Accounts, if the like Correiftion be received and established in his Majesty's Dominions May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in and throughout all his Majesty's Dominions and Countries in Europe, Aisa, Africa and America, The o!j soppu belonging or subject to the Crown of Great Britain, the said Supputation, according to which the Year of tation of the our Lord beginneth on the twenty-fifth dayaif March, shall not be made use of from and after the ]aft Vear nqt to be Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and that the first Day of January next fol se^iv i lowing the said last Day of December shall be reckoned, taken, deemed and accounted to be the first Day Year to com of the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two: and the first Day of January, which mence, for the shall happen next after the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, sir all C > VII U u be

330 C. 23. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

The d.iys to be numbered as now until 2 Sept. 1752 5 and the Day following to be accounted 14 Sept, omitting 11 Days.

Hilary and michaelmasterms, and all Courts, to be held on the same nominal Days.

Courts held with Fairs or Marts excepted.

Hundredth Years, except every fourth hundred, to be common Years of 365 Days.

Years B [Textile of 366 Days,

Easter and the other movable Feasta, to be observed according to the new Calendar, 'tables and Rules,

be reckoned, taken, deemed and accounted to be the first Day of the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three; and soon, from Time to Time, the first Day of January in every Year, which shall happen in Time to come, shall be reckoned, taken, deemed and accounted to be the first Day of the Year and that each new Year shall accordingly commence, and begin to be reckoned, from the first Day of every such Month of January next preceding the twenty-fifth Day of March, on which such Year would, according to the present Supputation, have begun or commenced: And that from and 2fter the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, the several Days of each Month shall go on, and be reckoned and numbered in the same Order; and the Feast ofeajler, and other move able Feasts thereon depending, shall be ascertained according to the same Method, as they now are, until the second Day of September in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two inclusive; that the natural Day next immediately following the said second Day of September, shall be called, reckoned and accounted to be the fourteenth Day of September, omitting for that Time only the eleven intermediate nominal Days of the common Calendar; and that the several natural Days, which shall follow and succeed next after the said fourteenth Day of September, shall be respectively called, reckoned and numbered forwards in numerical Order from the said fourteenth Day of September, according to the Order and Succession of Days now used in the present Calendar; and that all acts, Deeds, Writings, Notes and other Instruments of what Nature or Kind soever, whether Ecclesiastical or Civil, Public or Private, which shall be made, executed or signed, upon or after the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, shall bear Date according to the said new Method of Supputation, and that the two fixed Terms of st..hilary and St. michaej, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the courts of Great Sessions in the Counties Palatine, and in shales, and also the Courts of General Quarter sessions and General Sessions of the peace, and all other Courts of what Nature or Kind soever, whether Civil, Criminal or Ecclesiastical. all Meetings and A file mb lies of any Bodies Politic or Corporate, either for the Election of any Officers or Members thereof, or for any such Officers entering upon the Execution of their respective Offices, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, which by any Law, Statute, Charter, Custom or Usage within this Kingdom, or within any other the Dominions or Countries subject or belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, are to be held and kept on any fixed or certain Day of any Month, or on any Day depending upon the Beginning, or any certain Day of any Month (except such Courts as are usually held or, kept with any L airs or Marts) shall, from Time to Time, from and after the said second Day of September, be held and kept upon or according to the same respective nominal Days and Times, whereon or according to which the same are now to be held, but which shall be computed according to the said new Method of numbering and reckoning the Days of the Calendar as aforesaid; is to say, eleven Days sooner than the respective Days whereon the same are now held and kept; any Law, Statute, Charter, Custom or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And for the continuing and preserving the Calendar or Method of Reckoning, and computing the Days of the Year in the same regular Course, as near as may be, in all Times coming; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Years of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred, one thousand nine hundred, two thousand one hundred, two thousand two hundred, two thousand three hundred, or any other hundredth Years of our Lord, which shall happen in Time to come, except only every fourth hundredth Year of our Lord, whereof the Year of our Lord two thousand shall be the first, shall not he esteemed or taken to be Biflextile or Leap Years, but shall be taken to be common Years, confiding of three hundred and sixty five Days, and no more; and that the Years of our Lord two thousand, two thousand four hundred, two thousand eight hundred, and every other fourth hundred Year of our Lord, from the said Year of our Lord two thousand inclit five, and also all. other Years of our Lord, which by the present Supputation are eilceijicd to be Biflextile or Leap Years, shall for the future, and in all Times to come, bt; esteemed and taken to be Biflextile or Leap. Years, confiding of three hundred and sixty six Days, sin the same Sort and Manner as is now used with respect to every fourth Year of our Lord.

III. And whereas according to the Rule prefixed to the Book of Common Prayer of the Church of England, easter day is always the first Sunday after the first Full Moon which happens next after the one and twentieth Day of March, and if the Full Moon happens upon a Sunday, easter day is the Sunday after; which Rule was made in Conformity to the Decree of the said General Council of Nice, for the Celebration of the said Feast of Easter: And whereas the Method of computing the Full Moons now used in the Church of; 'ngland, and according to which the Table to find Easter for ever, prefixedju the sail Book of Common Prayer, is formed, is by Process of Time become considerably erroneous:

And whereas a Calendar, and also certain Tables and Rules for the fixing the true Time of the Cele bration of the said Feast of Easter, and the finding the Times of the Full Moons on which the same de pendeth, so as the same shall agree as nearlj as may be with the Decree of the said General Council, and e also with the Practice of foreign Countries, have been prepared, and are hereunto annexed; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Feast of Easter, or any of the movable Fcafts thereon depending, shall, from and after, the said second Day of September, be no longer kept or observed in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in any other the Dominions or Countries fub jeeft or belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, according to the said Method of Supputation now used, or the said Table prefixed to the said Book of Common Prayer; and that the said Table, and also the Column of Golden Numbers, as they are now prefixed to the respective Days of the Month in the said Calendar, shall be left out in all future Editions of the said Book of Common Prayer; and that the said

new

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 23. 331

new Calendar, Tables and Rules, hereunto annexed, shall be prefixed to all such future Editions of the said Book, in the Room and Read thereof; and that from and after the said second Day of September, allfeafts and Fads, and every the fixed feast days, holy days and fast days, which are now kept and observed by the Church c be of England, and also the several solemn Days of Thanksgiving, and of Farting and Humiliation, which by virtue of any Act of Parliament now in being, are, from Time to Time, to be kept and observed, shall be kept and observed on the respective Days marked for the Celebration of the same in the said new Calendar; that is to say, On the same respective nominal Days on which the same are now kept and observed; which according to the Alteration by this Act intended to be made as aforesaid, will happen eleven Days sooner than the same now do; and that the said Feast of eq/lc', and all other movable Feaib thereon depending, shall, from Time to Time, be observed and celebrated according to the said new Calendar, Tables and Rules hereunto annexed, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and in all the Dominions and Countries aforesaid, wherein the Liturgy of the Church of England now is, or hereafter shall be used; that the two movable Terms of Easter and Trinity, and all Courts of what Nature or Kind soever, and all Meetings and Assemblies of any Bodies Politic or Corporate, and all Markets, Fairs and Marts, and Courts thereunto belonging, which by any Law, Statute, Charter, cu ftom or Usage are appointed, used or accustomed to be held and kept at any movable Time or Times depending upon the Time of Easter, or any other such movable Feast: as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, from and after the said second Day of September, be held and kept on such Days and Times' whereon the same shall respectively happen or fall, according to the happening or falling of the said Feast' of Easter, or such other movable Feafirs as aforesaid, to be computed according to the said new Calendar, Tables and Rules.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Meetings of the Court of1court* of Session Session, and Terms fixed for the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the April Meeting of the Governor, Bai tg^ "^u"d lifts and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the great Level of the Fens, and the holding Markets, Fairs and keeping of all Markets, Fairs and Marts, whether for the Sale of Goods or Cattle, or for the hiring and Marts to t.c of Servants, or for any other purpose, which are either fixed to certain nominal Days of the Month, or held upon the depending upon the Beginning, or any certain Day of any Month, and all Courts incident or belonging same pataial to, or usually held or kept with any such Fairs or Marts, fixed to such certain Times as aforesaid, shall '!* from and after the said second Day of September, be continued upon, or according to the nominal Days of the Month, or the Time of the Beginning of any Month, to be computed according to the said new Calendar, but that from and after the said second Day of September, the said Courts of Session and Exchequer, the said April Meeting, and all such Markets, Fairs and Marts as aforesaid, and all Courts incident or belonging thereto, shall be held and kept upon, or according to the same natural Days, upon or according to which the same should have been so kept or held, in case this Act had not been made; that is to say, eleven Days later than the same would have happened, according to the nominal Days of the said new Supputation of Time, by which the Commencement of each Month, and the nominal Days thereof, are anticipated or brought forward, by the Space of eleven Days; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And whereas, according to diverse Customs, Prescriptions and Usages, in certain Places within this Kingdom, certain Lands and Grounds are, on particular nominal Days and Times in the Year, to be opened for Common of Pasture, and other Purports; and at other Times, the Owners and Occu piers of such Lands and Grounds have a Right to enclose or fbut up the same, for their own private Use; there is, in many other Instances, a temporary and distrinft Property and Right verted in different Persons, in and to many such Lands and Grounds, according to certain nominal Days and Times in the Year: And whereas the anticipating or bringing forward the said nominal Days and Times, by the Space of eleven Days, according to the said new Method of Supputation, might be attended with many Inconveniences Be it therefore further declared, provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to accelerate or anti the Times for cipate the Days or Times for the opening, enclosing or hutting up any such Lands or Grounds as aforesaid, or the Days or Times on which any such temporary or distinct Property or Right in or to any fitchmon"6 not U Lands or Grounds as aforesaid is to commence; but that all such Lands and Grounds as aforesaid shall from altered, and after the said second Day of Scpteenber be, from Time to Time, respectively opened, enclosed or shut wp, and such temporary and distinct Property and Right in and to such Lands and Grounds as aforesaid, shall commence and begin upon the same natural Days and Times on which the same should have been so respectively opened, enclosed or flint up, or Would have commenced or begun, in case this Act had not been made; that is to say, eleven Days later than the same would have happened, according to the said new Account and Supputation of Time, so to begin on the said fourteenth Day of September as aforesaid.

VI. Provided also, and it is hereby further declared and enacted, That nothing in this present Act con times of retained shall extend, or he construed to extend, to accelerate or anticipate the Time of Payment of anympl, trenrs> Rent or Rents, Annuity or Annuities, or Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, which shall become pay annulucs> cable by Virtue or in Consequence of any Custom, utage, Lease, Deed, Writing, Bond, Note, Contrast or other Agreement whatsoever, now subsisting, or which shall be made, signed, sealed or entered into, at any Time before the said fourteenth Day of September, or which shall become payable by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, or which shall be made before the said fourteenth Day of September, or the Time of doing any Matter or Thing directed or required by any such Act or Acts of Parliament to be done in relation thereto.; or to accelerate the Payment of, or increase the Interest of, any such Sum

or of Delivery of, Goods, Commencement or Expiration of Leaks, &c.

or of attaining the Age of 21 Years, C not altered.

See 26 Geo. 2. c. 3 if. 4.

332 C. 23. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

of Money which shall become payable as aforesaid; to accelerate the Time of the Delivery of any Goods, Chattles, Wares, Merchandise or other Things whatsoever; or the Time of the Commencement, Expiration or Determination of any Lease or Demise of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any other Contract or Agreement whatsoever; of the accepting, surrendring or delivering uo the Possession of any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments; or the Commencement, xpiration or Determination of any Annuity or Rent; or of any Grant for any Term of Years, of what Nature or Kind soever, by Virtue or in Consequence of any such Deed, Writing, Contract or Agreement; or the ime of the attaining the Age of one and twenty Years, or any other Age rc quifxtc by any Law, Custom or Usage, Deed, Will or Writing whatsoever, for the doing any at, 'or for any other I urpose whatftever, by any Person or Persons now born, or who shall be born before the said fourteenth Day of September; or the Time of the Expiration or Determination of any Apprenticeship or other Service, by virtue of any Indenture, or of any Articles under Seal, or by reason of any simple Contract or Hiring whatsoever; that all and every such Rent and Rents, Annuity and Annuities, Sum and Sums of Money, and the littered thereof, shall remain and continue to be due and payable; and the Delivery of such Goods and Chattles, Wares and Merchandise, shall be made; and the said Leases and Demises of all such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and the said Contrails and Agreements, shall be deemed to commence, expire and determine; and the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall be accepted, surrendered and delivered up; and the said Rents and Annuities, and Grants for any Term of Years, shall commence, cease and determine, at and upon the same respective natural Days and Times, as the same should and ought to have been payable or made, or would have happened, in case this Act had not been made; and that no further or other Sum shall be paid or payable for the Interest of any Sum of Money whatsoever such Interest shall amount unto, for the true Number of natural Days for which the principal Sum bearing such Interest shall continue due and unpaid; and that no Person or Persons whatsoever shall be deemed or taken to have attained the said Age of one and twenty Years, or any other such Age as aforesaid, or to have completed the Time of any such Service as aforesaid, until the full Number of Years and Days shall be elapsed on which such Person or Persons respectively would have attained such Age, or would have completed the Time ot such Service as aforesaid, in case this Act had not been made; anything herein befort contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II.

C 23.

The New Calendar, Tables and Rides, mentioned and referred to in the Act for regulating the Commencement of the Tear; and for cor reding the Calendar now in Use.

The Calendar, with the Table of leftons.

JANUARY hath XXXI Days.

I A Calenda;

2 b 4 Non.

3 C 3 Non.

4 d Pr. Non.

5 e Nome

6 f 8 Id.

7 g 7 Id.

8 A 6 Id.

9 b S.N.

IO C 4 Id.

I I d 3 ld

I 2 e Pr. Id.

13 f Idus.

'4 g 19 Cal. Feb.

15 A 18 Cal.

16 b 17 Cal.

17 C 16 Cal.

18 d 13 Cal.

19 e 14 Cal.

20 f 1 3 Cal.

21 g 1 2 Cal.

22 A 11 Cal.

23 b 10 Cal.

24 C9Cal.

25 d 8 Cal.

26 e 7 Cal.

27 f 6 Cal.

28 g 5 Cal.

z9 A 4 Cal.

3° b 3 Cal.

3' C Pr. Cal.

diranicifton.

(Epiplyinp.

Lucian, Pried k M.

Morning Prayer. Evening Pray

Lessen.

Gn. —. 1

- 3

- 5

- 7

Hillary, Eilh. & Con.

Prifca, Rom. V & M.

Fabian, B. of Rom. M.

Agnes, Rom. V & M.

Vine. Span. Deac. M.

Conb ofs>.^aut.

S. Cfjaricfl Spart -

'3

-1 t

-17

'9

- 21

z

-25

-27

-29

3i

-35

-33

-40

-42

-44

-46

- 48

- 50

Exod. 2

- A

2 leiton.

Matth.

5

6

7 - 8

9

-10 -11 -12

3

*14

-1

-16

-17

-18

-19

-20

-21

-22

-23

-24

-25

-26

-27

-28

1 Lesion.

Gen.

Rom.

-12

1a

l6

l8

-20

-22

24

-26

-28

-30

-32

-34

-37

-39

-41

-43

-45

-47

Exod.

-49

1

3

5

7

9

2 Lesion.

1

2

3

4'

- 5

- 6

- 7

- 8

- 9

- 10

- 11

- 12

- 13

- 14

- 15

- 16

1 Cor. 1

- 2

- 3

- 5

- 6

- 7

- 8

- 9 — 10

- r 1

- 12

3*

C

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751

The Calendar, with the Table of Lessons.

FEBRUARY hath XXVIII Days, and in every Leap year XXIX Days.

d e f calend.e 4 Non. 3 Non. Fr. Non. Nonas 8 Id. Frr ft

2 3 purification s3. 93. Blafius, bish & Mart.

4- 5 6 K A k Agatha Sicilian V & M.

7 897 !d. 6 Id. - Id.

d

3 id! Pr. y. Idas,

1 2 A

'3 '4 i's I 0 b

C d 16 Cal. Mar. !j Cal. Valentine bish. & M.

14 Cal. 13 Cal. 12 Cal.

; 7 >18 f

I

>9 P 21 11 cal

b to Cal.

C g Cal. 8 Cal.

22 d

73 74 a; e 7 Cal. 6 Cal. 5 Cal. 4 Cab 3 Cal.

f S. $3attl)fa0, 21. 95.

26 A

27 b

28 C Pr. Cal,

29

1 Lesion. Exod. 10

Evening Prayer.

i left'n. Exod. 11 2 Lesson. 1 Cor. t 3

14

1 J 15

*5 2 Cor. 1

1 /

*9

3

"3 1 4

j -

19

Nura. 12

9

*4

*7

23 13 Galar. i

3°

3-

3° Deut. - 2 -- 1 i

'5 - 6

J 4 Ephef. 1

fc

"3

Roin. 12

x4

March

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II.

C 23* 335

The Calendar, with the Table of Lessons.

MARCH hath XXXI Days.

<4

11

<9

16

Calends

6 Non.

5 Non.

Non.'

\ Nod.

Pr. Non. Nonce,

8 Id.

7 Id.

6 Id.

5 Id.

4 Id.

8 Id.

Pr. Id.

Idus.

17 Cal. Apr. 16 Cal.

15 Cal.

14 Cal.

13 Cal.

12 Cal.

1 1 Cal.

10 Cal.

9 Cal.

8 Cal.

7 Cal.

6 Cal.

5 Cal.

Cal 3 Gal.

Pr. Cal.

David, Archil. Menev. Cedde or Chad. B. Lite.

Perpetua Maurit. Mart.

Greg. M. B. of R. & C

Morning Prayer. Evening Prayer,

1 Lesson. Dent. 15 -- 17

- 19

- 21

- 24

- 2'0

- 28

- 34

Joshua 2

- 6

2 lelton. Luke 12

- 13

- 14

- 17

- ns — -- 19 — ^20 — 21 — '22

- 2 3

- 24

Ed. K. of West. Sax.

Judge

- io

-24

Benedict. Abbot.

- Paji.

2lnmmctatv S. SI. 2!9.

- 10

- IZ

- 14

- io

- 18

- 20

Ruth

i sam.

John

3

4

5

6

7

- 8

9-10 -11 -12

'3

-14

'S

i 6 -17 -18

1 Lesson. Deut. 16 -18 -20 -22

i -27 -29

3*

33 I

3

5

7

9

2 3

I

3

5

Joshua

Judges

2 Lefibn. Ephef. 6 Philip. 1 -- 2

- i

- 4

Colos. 1

- 3

1 thcf. 1

2 Thef.

- 11

I 1ini.

- 2,

it

- 19

- 21

Ruth 2

1 Sam. 2

2 Tim. 1

Titus'

Philem. Heb.

The Numbers here prefix'd to the several Days, between the twenty first Day of March and the eighteenth Day of April, both inclusive, denote the Days upon which ihofe Full Moons do fall, which happen upon or next after the twenty first Day of Ivtirch, in those Years of which they are respectively the Golden Numbers: And the Sunday

A P R I I

The Calendar, with the Table of Lessons.

APRIL hath XXX Days.

13, g

2 2 A

3 b

10 4 C

S d

18 6 e

7 7 f

8 S

'59A

4 10 b

11 C

12 12 d

1 13 e

4 f

9 '3 g

16 A

'7 >7 b

6 18 C

19 d

20 e

21 f

22 g

23 A

24 b

25 C

26 d

z7 e

28 f

29 3° 1

Calends 4. Non.

3 Non.

Pr. Non. Non

8 Id.

7 Id.

6 Id.

5 Id.

4 Id.

3 Id.

Pr. Id.

Idus.

18 Cal. Mali 17 Cal.

16 Cal.

15 Cal.

14 Cal.

13 Cal.

12 Cal.

11 Cal.

10 Cal.

9 Cal.

8 Cal.

7 Cal.

6 Cal.

5 Cal.

Cal.

3 Cal.

Pr. Cal.

Richard Bifli. of Chic. S. Ambrose, B. of Mil.

Alphege, Archb. Cant.

S. George, Martyr.

t^ark <e3ban. $ - sgarl

Morning Prayer. Eveninc Prayer.

1 lefton.

1 Sara. 5 -- -- -7

- 1?

- G-

- 21

- 25

- 27

- 29

- 31

2 Sam. 2

- 4

- 6

- 8

- 12 — 14 — 16 — 18

- 20

- 24

1 Kings 2

- A

- 6

2 lefton. John 19

- 20

- 21

Acts 1 - 2

- 3

- 4

- 5

- 8

-9-10 -11 -12 -13 '4

"'5

-10

-18

i9

-20

-21

-22

-23

-24

S

-26

-27

1 lefton. rsam. 6

- 8

- 10

- 12

- 14

- 1£>

- 18

- 20

- 24

- 26

- 28

- 30

2 Sam. 1

- 3

- 5

- 7

- 9

- 11

- 13

- 17

- 19

- 21

1 Kings

"5 — 7

2 lefton. Hebr. 3 -- -- -4

- 6

- /

- 8

James

- 9-- 10 — 11 -1 2 13

- 2

2, 3 John

Letter next following any such Full Moon points out easter day for that Year. All which holds until the Year of our Lord 1809 CL u five; after which Year, the Places of these Golden Numbers will be to be changed, as is hereafter expressed.

M A Y

The Calendar, with the Ta le of Lefions.

M A Y hath XXXI Days.

I b Calends

2 C 6 Ison.

3 d t Non.

4 e 4 Non.

5 f 3 Non.

6 g Pr. Non.

7 A Non

8 r

9 C 7 Id.

IO d 6 Id.

i I e 5 Id

I 2 f 4 Id.

'3 S 3 ld

4 A Pr. Id.

'5 b Idus.

16 C 17 Cal. Jun.

*7 d 16 Cal.

18 e 15 Cal.

'9 r 14 Cal.

20 g 13 Cal.

21 A 12 Cal.

22 b 11 Cal.

23 C 10 Cal.

z4 d9Cai.

25 e 8 Cal.

26 f 7 Cal.

27 g 6 Cal.

28 A 5 Cal.

29 b 4 Cal.

3° C 3 Cal.

Sid Pr. Cal.

I ano far. 21.

and £$.

Invention of the Cross.

S. John Evang. ante — — (port. Lat.

Dunstan. Archb. Cant.

A tig. fist Archb. Cant. Venerable Bede, Pr.

& Clptrle# II -- - $ I'tctiirn.

Morning Prayer.

Lesson. 2 Leilon.

28 ikingr 9

3 - 13

4 5 67

r9

7 8 akings 1 3

Evening Prayer.

1 Lesson.

2 Lesson.

Jude -

Rom. 1

- 2

- 3

- 4

- 6

- 8

5 IO

9

1 3

x3 '4

>5

1'11 /' 10 i Cor. 1

3

Ezra 2

- 8

9-10

-11

-12

i3

Id.

Vol. VII.

X X

JUNE

33s C 23.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D.

The Calendar, with the Table of Lessons.

JUNE hath XXX Days.

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

S

9 10: 1 12 3 H '5 16

>7

18

'9

20

21

22

z3

24

25

26

27

28

29 3°

Calendre

Non.

3 Non.

Pr. Non. Non re

8 Id.

7 Id.

6 Id.

5 Id.

4 Id.

3 Td.

Pr. Id.

Idus.

18 Cal. Julii. 17 Cal.

16 Cal.

15 Cal.

14 Cal.

13 Cal.

12 Cal. i 1 Cal.

10 Cal.

9 Cal.

8 Cal.

7 Cal.

6 Cal.

5 cal

Cal.

3 Cal.

Pr. Cal.

Mcom. Rom. Pr. & M.

Bonis. B. of Mentz. M.

Barnab. 51. SIS.

Alban, Mart.

Transl. of Ed. K. of

- (West Sax.

- Fast.

Jflatibitp of »>. 31. Bap.

- Fast.

iditcr, 3. ano tp.

Morning Prayer.

1 lelton. Esther 5 2 lelton. Mark 2

7 3

r 1^4

5 - - fy

4

9

M

19 i3

H

-35

Luke 1

-9

31

D 3 D

4

37 -

39

41 /

Prov. 1 Q

3 1 9

5

7

9

Evening Prayer.

1 lelton. Edher 6 8

Job

- 3

- 5 7

- 9

-11

- 13 — 5

17:

- 24,

is

-20 -2 2 25

- 28

- 30

- 32

- 34

- 36

- 38

2 Lesion. 1 Cor. 1 -16

Cor.

- 2

- 3

- 4

ZS6

- 7

Gal at.

910 11 12

13

1

- 2 3

4

5

40 6 Ephef. 1

Prov. 2 2

4 3

- 0 4

5

10 6

'7s1*

JULY

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II.

C 23.

7

O O j

The Calendar, with the Table of leftons.

JULY hath XXXI Days.

I g Calends

z A 6 Non.

3 b 5 Non.

4 C 4 Non.

6 e Pr. Non.

7 f Non

8 g 8 Id.

9 A 7 Id.

IO b 6 Id.

I I C sid.

12 d 4 Id.

3 e 3 Id.

H f Pr. Id.

G 0* Idus.

l6 17 Cal. Aug.

17 b 16 Cal.

18 C 15 Cal.

19 d 14 Cal.

20 e 13 Cal.

21 f 1 z Cal.

22 g 11 Cal.

z3 A 10 cal

24 b9Cal.

z5 C 8 Cal.

26 d 7 Cal.

27 e 6 Cal.

28 f S Cal.

z9 g 4 Cal.

3° A 3 Cal.

3i b Pr. Cal.

Visit. of the B. V Mary.

Transl. of S. Mart. B. & C

Swithun, B. of Winch. - (Transl.

Marg. V & M. Antioch.

S. Mary Magdalane.

- Fast.

=>. 31 anojp.

S. Anne, Mother to the -- (Bl. Virg. Mary

Morning Prayer. Evening Prayer.

1 Lesson. Prov. 11 -- -- -13

- 15

- 17

- 19

- zi

- Zi

- 27

- 29

Eccles. 1

- 3

- 5

- 7

- 9

- 11

Jerem.

- 3

5

7

9

-11

3 -1;

-17

-19

-21

-23

-25

-27

John

2 Lesson. Luke 13

- 14

- 15

- 16

- 17

- =-18

- 20

- zi

- 22

- 23

-+ I

- Z

- 3

'4

"S

- 6

- 7

- S

- 9

-10 -11 -12

*3

-14

'»?

16

17

18 -19

1 Lesson. Prov. 12

- 15

- 20

- 24

- 26

- 28

- 31

Eccles. 2

- 6

- 10

12

2

- 4

- 6 - 8

-10

Jerem.

-14

-16

-18

-20

-24

-26

-28

2 Lesson. Philip. 1

- 3

Colos. 1 - 2

- 4

ithef. 1

- 4

- 4

2 Thef. 1 -- -- 2

- 3

i Tim. 1

- 3

- 4

- 5

- 6

2 Tim. 1 - 2

Titus f

- 7 2> 3 Philein.

Heb.,

X X 2

AUGUST

340 G. 23

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II.

A. d.1751

The Calendar, with the Table of leftons.

AUGUST hath XXXI Days.

1

z

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12 345

it)

17

18

>9

20

zi

22

23

24 23 z6

27

28 '9 3° 3«

Calends

Non.

3 Non. Pr. Non. Nonse

8 Id.

7 Id.

6 Id.

5 Id.

4 Id.

3

Pr. Id.

Idus.

19 Cal. 18 Cal. 17 Cal. 16 Cal.

15 Cal.

14 Cal. 13 Cal. 12 Cal.

11 Cal. to Cal.

9 Cal.

8 Cal.

7 Cal.

6 Cal.

5 Cal.

Cal.

3 Cal. Pr. Cal.

Sept.

lammas day.

Transfig. of our Lord. Name of Jesus.

S. Laur. Arch D. of R.

- (& M.

- Fast.

sbartljol. 21. <$ sp.

St. Au. B. of Hip. C D. Beheading of John Bap.

Morning Prayer. Evening Prayer

i lelton. Jer. — 29

- 3*

- 33

- 35

- 37

- 39

- 41

- 43

- 15.4°

- 48

- 50

nr5i

Ezek.

Dan.

4

z - 6 -13

-18

34

2

- 4

- 6

8

- 10

Hof. 2, 3

- 5.

- 8

Acts

2 lelton John — zo

- 2!

1

2

3

4

I

7

8

9

10

II. 12 -13 -14

j5

-16

'7

-18 -19 -20 -21

-22 "23 -24 -25

-26 "2/ -28

Matth.

1 lelton

Jer — 3c -- 3z

- 36 -- 38

- 40

- 4-2

- 44

- 47 -- 49

Lam. 1

- 5

Ezek. 3

- 7

- 14

33

Dan.

- ; 11

Hosea 1

- 4

- 7.

- : 9

- 11

- is

2 lelton. Heb. 4

James

i Pet.

- 7

- 8

-9-10 -11 -12

-13

1

- 2

- 3

- 4

"5

1

- 2

- 3

4

5

1

- 2

3

1

- 2

- 3

- 4

3 John lude — Rom. 1

: Pet.

John

SEPTEMBER

The Calendar, with the Table of Lessons.

SEPTEMBER hath XXX Days.

1

2

3

4

I

8

9

10

II. 12 >3 H

15

16

17

18

19

20 21 22

23

24 ?5

26

27

28

29

3°

Calends Non.

3 Non.

Pr. Non. Non

8 Id.

7 Id.

ld.

sid.

4 Id.

3 Id.

Pr. Id.

Idus.

18 cai.oa.

17 Cal.

16 Cal.

15 Cal.

14 Cal.

13 Cal.

I 2 Cal.

II. Cal

10 Cal.

9 Cal.

8 Cal.

7 Cal.

6 Cal.

5 Cal.

Cal.

3 Cal.

Pr. Cal.

Giles, Abbot and Conf.

Enurchus, B. of Orleans. Nativity of the B. V M.

Holy, Cross Day.

- 1 idu Zeph. 1.

Lambert, Bish

5 Haggai .2 Zech. 2, 3 5

-. " pa

B ©attljrto, 3l m

Q

- uno 217+

- -

S. Cyprian, Archb. of (Earth &. 4 Mai. 2 4

S'. ihbir anb all atn.

St. Jer. Pr. Conf. & do£v

Morning Prayer. Evening Prayer

1 Lcfion Hoiea 14 Joel 2 Amos 1

- r 3

- 7

9 1

- 4

Micah 2

- 4

- 6

Jonah

Nahum j -- -3

Tobit 2

2 Lcfion. Matth. 2

- 4

- 5

8

-9ic

-11

-12

13

H

s

-16

"17 -18 -19

-20

-21

- 22

-23

-24

"25

-26

-27

-28

vlark

Obadiah Jon. 2, 3 Micah 1

- '3

- S-

2 Hab. 1

- 3

Zeph. 2 Haggai i Zech. 1

- 4> 5

- 7

Mai.

9

-11

j3

1

Tobit 1 -- -- 3

2 Leilbn. Rom. 2 1 3

- 4

- S

- 6

- 4

1 Cor.

-11

-1 i

-13 -1 1

*5

-1(3

1

- 2

- 3

- 4

- 5

- 6

- 7

- 8

- 9

-10

11

2

31

-14

-15 -

OCTOBER

The Calendar, with the Table of Lessons.

OCTOBER hath XXXI Days.

-1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

'3

14

>5

16

17

18

'9

20

21

22

23

24

25 2(5

j7

28

29 3°

3*

Calends

6 Non.

5 Non.

Non.

3 Non.

Pr. Non. Nona)

8 Id.

7 Id.

6 Id.

5 Id.

4 Id.

3 Id.

Pr. id.

Mus.

17 Cal. Nov. 16 Calf ij Cal.

14 Cal.

13 Cal.

12 Cal.

11 Cal.

10 Cal.

9 Cal.

8 Cal.

7 Cal.

6 Cal.

5 Cal.

Cal. '

3 Cal.

Pr. Cal.

Remig. B. of Rhemes.

Faith, Virgin & Mart.

S. Denys Areop. B. & M.

Transl. of K. Ed. Conf.

Etheldred, Virg.

S?. xlufee, scan.

Crispin, Mart.

- Fast.

ant) »> 3: u - a. &11d 35.

Fast-

- j5

- i7

- 19 Ecclus 2

- 4

- 6

- 8

- 10 — 1 2 -14

Evening Prayer.

1 lelton. Tobit 8 2 lelton. 1 Cor. 16 2 Cor. 1

1 4 J udith 2 3

4

4 6 \

9

7 8

9

14.'16

Wifd. 2

4 - f j Galat. 1

0

3

4

6

!4 Ephef. 1

Q

Ecclus 1

" 3

'J 4

5 " '5 6

i Philip. 1

'" 9

3

'13 Colos. 1

3!

NOVEMBER

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II.

C

The Calendar, with the Table of Lessons.

NOVEMBER hath XXX Days.

1

2

3

4

1

7

8

9

10

11

123 '4 '5 16

'7

18

19

20 zi

2 2

23

24

25

26

27

28

29 3c

Calendar

Non.

3 Non.

Pr. Non. Nona;

8 Id.

7 Id.

6 Id.

3 Id.

4. Id.

3 Id.

Pr. Id.

Idus.

18 Cal. Dec, 17 Cal.

16 Cal.

15 Cal.

14 Cal.

13 Cal.

I z Cal.

II. Cal.

1 o Cal.

9 Cal.

8 Cal.

7 Cal.

6 Cal.

5 Cal.

Cal.

3 Cal.

Pr. Cal.

Sill saints ©av -

Pafis?£* Conl piriuy.

Leonard, Coufcllor. —

S. Martin, bii. and Conf.

Britius, Bishop.

Machutusl Bishop.

Hugh, Bish. of Line.

Edmund, King & Mart.

Cecilia, Virg. & Mart.

S. Clem. I. B. of R. & M.

Catherine, Vir. C Mart.

- fajl

Sncreh), X anti $jp<

Morning Prayer. Evening Prayer

lelton. z lelton.

- 22

Bell and the Dragon.

Isaiah 2

- 4

- 6

- 8

- 10

- 1 z

1 Lesson —

- 5°

Baruch 1

- 3

History of su ftnna.

Isaiah,

- 3

- 5

- : 7

- 11

2 lelton

2 Tim.

Note, That (a) Ecclus 23. is to be read only to ver, 13. and fb) Ecclus 30. only to ver. 18. and Ecclus 46,

only to ver. zo.

343

DECEMBER

344 C 23.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

The Calendar, with the Table of leftons.

DECEMBER hath XXXI Days.

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12 3 '4 S 16

7

is

!9

20

21

22

z3'

24

z?

26

z7

28

29

3°

3'

Calends Non.

3 Non. Pr. Non. Nona;

8 Id.

7 Id.

6 Id.

3 Id.

4 Id.

3 Id.

Pr. Id. Idus.

19 Cal. 18 Cal. 17 Cal. 16 Cal. 15 Cal. 14 Cal.

'3 Cal. 12 Cal.

11 Cal. 10 Cal.

9 Cal.

8 Cal.

7 Cal.

6 Cal.

5 Cal.

Cal.

3 Cal.

Pr. Cal.

Jan.

Nichol. Bish of Myra in (Lycia.

Concept, of the B. V M.

Lucy Virgin & Mart.

O Sapientia.

- Fast

! and §5.

Faji.

cijriffma0*dap.

S. ©frplirn, f. SSL lotjn and fa. 31nnocent^oap.

Silvell. Bifli. of Rome.

Morning Prayer. Evening Prayer.

"55

57

59

-61

-63

-6;

2 lefton. acts — 2

- 3

- 4

- 5

- 6

to v.30 — 7>3c

- q

ICI I -12 "> 3

'4

-16

7

-18

-19

20 -2 I -22 "23

-24

-23

-26

-27

2s

1 lefton. lfaiah 15

- 17

- 19

- 22

- 24

- 26

- 28

- 30

- 32

- 34

- 36

- 38

- 42

- 44

- 46

- 48

- 50

- 12

- 54

- 36

- 18

- 60

-62

-64

66

2 lefton. Heir., - 8

- 9

- 10

- 11

- 12

- is

James

1 Pet.

2 Pet.

1 John

a

4

5

1

2

3

4

5 1

3

1

2 John

3 John jme

Tables

Tables and Rules for the Movable and Immoveable Feads; together with the Days of Fading and Abdinence through the whole Year.

Rules to know when the Movable Feads and holy days

begin.

easter day, on which the rest depend, is always the first Sunday after the Full Moon which happens upon or next after the twenty first Day of March', and if the Full Moon happens upon a Sunday, easter day is the Sunday after.

Advent Sunday is always the nearest Sunday to the Feast of S. Andrew, whether before or after.

Septuagefima ") - ("Nine "lib Sexagejima ( g j Eight ( j" Ahiinquagefwia f C J Seven f 55«Ajuadragefima J £ (_ Six J^1°

Rogation Sunday") C 5 Weeks")

ascension day ( J 46 Days I after

whitsunday f 1 j 7 Weeks f Eajier.

Trinity Sunday J S Weeks J

A Table of all the Feads that are to be observed in the Church of England throughout the Year.

X

ALL Sundays in the Year.

The Circumcision of our Lord JESUS CHRIST.

The Epiphany.

The Conversion of S. Paul.

The Purification of theblefied Virgin. S. Matthias the Apostle.

The Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin.

S. Mark the Evangel ift.

S. Philip and S. James the Apostles. The Ascension of our Lord JESUS CHRIS T.

O'

o

VI

rt

Q

CD

CS.

Barnabas.

The Nativity of S. John Baptist.

Monday and Tuesday in easier week. Monday and Tuesday in whitsun week.

S. Ptter the Apostles.

James the Apostles.

Bartholomew the Apostles.

Matthew the Apostles.

Michael and all Angels.

S. Luke the Evangelists.

Simon and S. Jude the Apostles. All Saints.

S. Andrew the Apostles.

Thomas the Apostle.

The Nativity of our Lord.

S. Stephen the Martyr.

S. John the Evangelist.

The Holy Innocents.

CO

346

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

A Table of the Vigils, Falls and Days of Abstinence, to be observed in the Year.

T

'IIE Evens or Vigils before

f The Nativity of our Lord." The Purification of the Blessed Virgin Mary. f 1 The Evens

The Annunciation of the

Blefied Virgin. > or Vigils

easier day. afcenfioyi day. Pentecost. before

S. Matthias.

S. Peter. S. Jaines.

S. Simon and Jude. S. Andrew.

S. Thomas.

Note, That if any of these feast days fall upon a Monday, then the Vigil or fast day shall be kept upon the Saturday, and not upon the Sunday next before it.

Days of Falling, or Abstinence.

it H E Forty Days of Lent.

ir Sea t T i. the

r Fri }- \ f he 1

j ll p;

The ember days at the four sea fons, being the Wednesday day, and Saturday

the first Sunday in Lent. Feast of Pentecoll.

mber 14.

mber 13.

III. The three rogation days, being the Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday before Holy Thursday, or the Ascension of our Lord.

IV. All the Fridays in the Year, except christmas day.

Certain Solemn Days for which particular Services are

appointed.

I.! V H E fifth Day of Nevesnber, being the Day kept in Memory of the Papists

ji. Conspiracy.

II. The thirtieth Day of January, being the Day kept in Memory of the Martyrdom of King Charles the First.

III. The nine and twentieth Day of May, being the Day kept in Memory of the Birth and Return of King Charles the Second.

4

TABLE

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 23. 34.7

TABLE day fro till the according lendar. Golden Number. 1 to find in the present fear 1899 ir to the forego Day of the Month. vster time, lclusive, ing Ca Sunday Letter

H March 21 C

3 22 D

23 E

it 24 F

25 G

i9 26 A

8 27 B

28 C

16 29 D

5 30 E

31 F

13 April 1 G

2 2 A

3 B

10 4 C

5 D

18 6 E

7 7 F

8 G

159A

4 10 B

11 C

12 12 D

1 13 E

14 F

9 15 G

16 A

n 17 B

6 18 G

19 D

20 E

21 F

22 G

23 A

24 B

2s C

THIS Table contains so much of the Calendar as is necessary for the determining of Easter, to find which", 'look for the Golden Number of the Year in the first Column of the Table, against which Hands the Day of the Paschal Full Moon; then look in the third Column for the Sunday Letter, next after the Dav of the Full Moon; and the Day of the Month Handing against that Sunday Letter is easter day. If the full Moon happens upon a Sunday, then (according to the first Rule) the next Sunday after is easter day.

To find the Golden Number, or Prime, add one to the Year of our Lord, and then divide by 19; the Remainder, if any, is the Golden Number; but if nothing remaineth, then 19 is the Golden Number.

To find the Dominical or Sunday Letter, according to the Calendar, until the Year 1799 inclusive, add to the Year of our Lord its fourth Part, omitting Fractions, and also the Number 1: Divide the Sum by 7; and if there is no Remainder, then A is the Sunday Letter: But if any Number remaineth, then the Letter Handing against that Number in the small annexed Table, is the Sunday Letter.

For the next Century, that is, from the Year 1800 till the Year 1899 inclusive, add to the current Year only its fourth Part, and then divide by 7, and proceed as in the lafi Rule.

Note, That in all Bifiextile or Leap years, the Letter found, as above, will be the Sunday Letter from the intercalated Day exclusive, to the End ofj the Year.

O A

I G

2 F

3 E

4 D

5 C

6 B

Yy a

Another

348 C 23.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

Another TABLE to find Easter till the Year 1899

inclusive.

SUNDAY LE T T E R S.

Golden Number. A B C D E F, G

1 April 167 18 19 20 14 15

11 April 93 4 5 6 7 8

in March 2.6 27 28 29 23 24 25

IV. April j6 j7 11 12 j3 j4 j5

V April 2 3 4 5 6 March 31 April 1

VI. April 23 24 25 19 20 21 22

VII. April910 11 12 j34 8

VIII. April 2 3 March 28 29 30 31 April 1

IX. April 16 j7 18 19 20 21 22

X April910 11 5 6 7 8

XI. March 26 27 28 29 30 3> .25

XII. April -167 18 19 13 14 15

XIII. April 2 3 4 5 6 7 8

XIV. March 26 27 28 22 23 2+ 25

XV. April 16 ID 11 123 14 15

XVI. April 2 3 4 5 March 30 3i April 1

XVII. April 23 24 18 19 20 21 22

XVIII. April91c 11 12 13 7 8

XIX. April 2 March 27 28 29 30 3i April 1

TO make use of the preceding Table, find the Sunday Letter for the Year in the uppermost Line, and the Golden Number or Prime, in the Column of Golden Numbers; and again! the Prime, in the same Line under the Sunday Letter, you have the Day of the Month on which Easter falleth that Year. But Note, That the Name of the Month is fe: on the Left Hand, or just with the Figure, and followeth not, as in other Tables, by Descent, but Collateral,

A TABLE

A TABLE of the Movable Fcafts for fifty-two Years, according to the foregoing Calendar,

tr1

O

O

H or

B"

a CO a.

0*q G

OF p

0 w S'

t 1

p 0 tr

3 TJ

cr 45

a-» tr

G

P

Crq

3

p

CO

g

B

a.

H

O

a

t

w

O

no

B

W

TO

cs

p

OB

CO

C

B

a.

CO G go'

nu

SM O ET P

B B 2

CL

Cluj P H t

B

A

-5

Q

752

753

754

75$

756

757

758

759

760

761

762

763

764

766

767

768

769

770

77'

772

773

774

775

776

777

778

779

780 78 I

782

783

784

785

786

787

788

789

790

791 79' 93

794

795 79'

797

798

799 co

801

802

803

804

G

F

E

DC

B

A

G

F E D C B

AG

F

E

D

C B A G F

ED

C

B

A

GF

E

D

C

B A G F E DC B A G

F E D C B

AG

F

E

D

C B A G F E D C B AG

Feb. — 18

- 10

-26

Jan.

Feb.

Jan.

Feb.

Jan.

Feb.

Jan.

Feb,

Jan.

Feb.

Jan.

Feb.

fan.

Feb.

Jan. Feb.

Jan.

Feb.

Jan.

Feb.

fan.

Feb.

Jan. ?eb.

Jan. feb. an

Jan.

Feb.

Jan. Feb.

fan.

Feb.

- j5 - 6 -22 -11

- 3

-18

- 7

30

19

- 3

-26

'5 i 1 -22 -1 I

-27

l6

- 7 3° -12

- 4

-26

5 3i -23 -11

-27

-16

- 8

-23 -12

4 -20 - 8 3i -20

- 5

'2j

-16

- 1 -24 -12

- 4

-20

- 9

- 1

H

Jan. — 29

March 7 Feb. — 27

- 12

March 3 Feb. — 23

- 8

- 28

- 20

- 4

- 24

- 16

March 7 Feb. — 20

- 1 2

March 4

Feb. — 17

- 28

- 12

March Feb. — 24

- 16

March 1 Feb. — 21 -- -- 12

March Feb, — 17

- 9

- 28

- 13

March 5 Feb. — 25

- 9

March i Feb. — 21 -- -6

" — -25

- 17

March9Feb. — 22

March 5 Feb. — 1 8

- 10

March 1 Feb. — 21 -- -- 6

- 26

- 18

March 3 Feb. — 23 -- -:

April -22

- 14

March 30 April -18 — -- -10

March 26 April -1 5 -- -- 6

March 2 2 April -11

- 3

- 22

- 7

March 30 April -19

- 3

March 26 April — 13 March 31 April -19 -- -- 11

- 3

- 16

March 30 April -19

4

March April -15 March 31 April -20

March 27 April -!<? 8

VI. arch 3! April -20

- C

March 2 april -16

March 2 j April -13

- C

- 18

May — 27 -- -19

- 4

- 23

- 15

April -30 May — 20 11

April -26 May — 16

April -30 May — 2c

- t;

- 25

- 16

May — 3 1

- 23

- 8

- 27

- 19

- 4

- 24

- r s

April -30 May — 20 -- -12

=?6 - 8

- 28

- 12

- 4

- 24

- 9

- 28

- 20

- \2

- 25

- 16

- 28

- 13

- 4

- 24

- 9

- 29

- 20

June — 10

May — 18 June — 6 May — 29 14

June — 1o

May — 26 18

June — 7 May — 22

- M

J une 3 May — 19 June — 7 May — 30 22

April -27 May — 17

May — 19 June — 8 May: — 30 -- -15

Dec. —

- 25

- >7

- 1

- 21

)une — 2 May — 17

- 9

- 29

- 14

- 5

- 25

- 17

'4

-27

-19

-10

June — 4

May — 2 7

- 11

June — 12 May — 27

7 -- >9

June — 8 May — 24 7 -- --5

Jure — 4 May — 27

June — 1 May — 24 June — 6 May — 29 -- -20

Dec. — 2

Nov. — 30

Dec

A TABLE

35° C 23

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

A TABLE of the Movable Feasts, according to the several Days that Easter can possibly fall upon.

CO CO p 3 cr.

3 tart) 77 C

tr. vc 3> t CTQ £> > o' 3 b C

CD- n'ro n m 0 O 3 3 O e1 C 3 CO

W V -5 CO C O n 5 CL 6s CL ft< 3 3 C

zr 3 t 1*3

3 ye 42 3 r

March 22 I Jan, 18 Feb. 4 April z6 April 30 May ic 27 Nov. 29

23 I '9 5 27 May i I 1 27 3°

24 I 20 6 28 2 12 27 Dec. 1

2s 2 21 7 29 3 13 27 2

26 2 22 s 32 4 14 27 3

27 2 239 May 1 5 l5 20 Nov. 27

28 2 24 10 2 6 i 6 26 28

29 2 25 11 3 7 >7 26 29

3° 2 26 I 2 4 8 L 8 26 3°

3' 2 27 13 59>9 26 Dec. 1

April 1 3 28 14 6 IO 20 26 2

2 3 29 »5 7 I 1 21 26 3

3 3 3° l6 8 1 2 22 25 N ov. 2 7

4 3 3i 1-7913 23 25 28

5 3 Feb. 1 i 8 1 0 M 24 25 29

6 3 2 19 11 13 2s 25 3o

7 3 3 20 12 l6 26 -5 Dec. j

8 4 4 21 '3 >7 27 2s 2

9 4 s 22 14 18 2 s 27 VT 3

1 O 4 6 23 1 3 >9 29 24 Nov. 27

I 1 4 7 24 l6 20 30 24 2g

I 2 4 8 2s 17 21 31 24 29

'3 4926 18 22 June 1 24 3°

>4 4 10 27 »9 23 2 24 Dec. 1

'5 5 11 2^20 23 3 24 2

16 5 I 2 March 1 21 2 5 4 24

>7 5 13 2 22 26 5 23 Nov. 27

18 S 14 0 23 27 6 23 28

*9 5 >3 4 24 28 7 23 29

20 5 16 5 23' 29 8 23 30

21 S 17 6 26 3c923 Dec. 1

22 6 18 7 27 31 10 23 2

23 6 »9 8 28 June 1 ] I 23

24 6 20929 2 I 2 2 Nov. 27

2i 6 21 10 30 3 >3 2 2 28

Note, That in a Bi flex tile or cop year, the Number of Sundays after Epiphany will be the same, as

if Easter jay had fallen one Dav later than it really does. And for the same Reason one Day must in

every Leapyear be added to the Day of the Month given by the Table for septua^cjina Sunday

And the like must be done for the first Day of Lent (commonly called afo 'ivcdnejda;,) unless ihe

Table gives 1'omc Day in th Month ot March for it j for in that Case the Day given by the t*ble

is the right Day.

TABLE

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II.

C 23. 35*.

TABLE to find easter day

from the Year iqoo to the Year

2199 inclusive.

Golden Day of the Sunday

N umbers. Month. Letters.

H March 22 D'VI'HE Golden Numbers in the foregoing Ca

3 23 E J lendar will point out the Days of the Paschal

24 F Full Moons, till the Year of our Lord igoo; at

11 25 G which Time, in order that the Ecclesiastical Full

26 A Moons may fall nearly on the same Days with the

19 27 B real Full Moons, the Golden M umbers must be

8 2b C removed to different Days of the Calendar, as is

29 D done in the annexed Table, which contains so much

16 30 E of the Calendar then to be used, as is necessary for

5 31 F finding the Paschal Full Moons, and the Feast of

April 1 G ea/lcr, from the Year iqoo to the Year 2iqq in

13 2 A clulive. L his f able is to be made use of, in all

2 3 B respects, as the first Table before inserted, for find

10 4 5 C D ing Easter till the Year 1899.

6 E

18 7 F

7 8 G

9 A

15 10 B

4 II C

12 D

12 t3 E

I 14 F

G G

9 16 A

17 17 B

6 18 C

19 D

20 E

21 F

22 G

23 A

24 B

2s C

General

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

352 C 23:

General TABLE S for finding the Dominical or Sunday Letter, and the Places of the Golden Numbers in the Calendar.

table 1.

6 B 5 C 4 D 3 E 2 F X G 0 A

1600 1700 1800

t900 2000 2100 2200 2300 2400 2500 2600 2700 2800

2900 3000 3100 3200 3300 3400 3500 3600 3700

3800 39co 4000 4100 4200 4= O O O O 4500 4600

4700 4800 4900 5000 5100 5200 5300 5400 5500 5600

5700 5800 5900 6000 6100 6200 6300 6400 6500

6600 6700 6800 6900 7000 7100 7200 73co 7400

O O O O LOO ir. 77co 7800 7900 8000 8100 8200 8300 8400

8500 C

TO find the Dominical or Sunday Letter for any given Year of our Lord, aid to the Year its fourth Part, omitting fra&ions, and also the Number, which in Table I. standeth at the Top of the Column, wherein the Number of Hundreds contained in that given Year is found: Divide the Sum by 7, and if there s no Remainder, then A is the Sunday Letter; but if any Number remaineth, then the Letter which standeth under that Number at the Top of the Table, is the Sunday Letter.

TABLE II

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 23. 353

TABLE 11.

1 2 3 I 2 3

Years Years

of our of our

Lord Lord.

B 1600 0 B 5200 15

1700 1 5300 16

1800 I 5400 j7

1900 2 5500 l7

B 2000 2 B 5600 l7

2100 2 5700 18

2200 3 5800 18

2300 4 5900 l9

B 2400 3 B 6000 l9

2500 4 6100 l9

2600 5 6200 20

2700 5 6300 21

B 2800 5 B 6400 20

2900 6 6500 21

3000 6 6600 22

310° 7 6700 23

B 3200 7 B 6800 22

33°° 7 6900 23

3400 8 7000 24

350097100 24

B 3600 8 B 7200 24

3700973°° 25

3800 10 7400 2s

3900 10 75°° 2b

B 4000 to B 7600 26

4100 11 7700 26

4200 12 7800 27

4300 12 7900 28

B 4400 12 B 8000 27

45003 8 too 28

4600 j3 8200 29

4700 H 8300 29

B 4800 H B 8400 29

4900 H 8500 0

5000 l5 C

5 ICO ib

TO find the Month and Days of the Month, to which the Golden Numbers ought to be prefixed in the Calendar in any given Year of our Lord, consisting of entire hundred Years, and in all the intermediate Years, betwixt that and the next hundredth Year following, look in the second Column of Table II for the given Year, confilling of entire Hundreds, and Note the Number or Cypher which stands again! it in the third Column 5 then, in Table III look for the same Number in the Column under any given Golden Number, which when you have found, guide your Eye sideways to the Left Hand, and in the first Column you will find the Month and Day, to which that Golden Number ought to be prefixed in the Calendar during that Period of one hundred Years.

The Letter B prefixed to certain hundredth Years in Table II denotes those Years which are still to be accounted Biflextile or Leap Years in the new Calendar; whereas all the other hundredth Years are to be accounted only common Years.

Vol. VII

TABLE

TABLE III

Paschal Full S = GOLDEN NUMBERS.

Moon. rs i II in IV V VI VII VIII IX X XI XII XIII XIV XV j XVI xvii xviii XIX

March 21 C 8 19 0 I I 22 3 14 25 6 l1 28920 J 12 23 4 15 26

March 22 D920 I 12 23 4 5 26 7 18 29 10 21 2 23 24 5 l6 27

March 23 £ 10 21 2 13 24 5 l6 27 8 l9 0 11 22 3 H 25 6 17 28

March 24 F 11 22 3 >4 2.5 6 '7 28920 I r 2 23 4 l5 26 7 18 29

March 25 G 12 23 4 j5 20 7 18 29 10 21 2 13 24 5 ib 27 8 19 0

March 26 A 13 24 5 16 27 8 19 0 I I 22 3 14 25 6 II 28920 I

March 27 B4 25 6 17 28920 I 12 23 4 26 7 18 29 10 21 2

March 28 C. 5 26 7 l8 29 10 21 2 13 24 5 16 27 8 j9 0 I I 22 3

March 29 D 16 27 89 O 11 22 3 14 25 6 j7 28920 I 12 23 4

March 30 E >7 28920 i 12 23 4 15 26 7 18 29 10 21 2 13 24 5

March 31 F 18 29 10 21 2 j3 24 5 16 27 8 19 0 I I 22 3 14 25 6

April I G 19 O 11 22 3 G 25 67 28920 I 12 23 4 15 26 7

April 2 A 20 .1 12 23 4 15 26 7 18 29 10 21 23 24 5 16 27 8

April 3 B 21 23 24 5 lb 27 8 l9 0 I 1 22 3 H 25 6 17 28 9

April 4 C 22 3 14 25 67 28920 I 12 23 4 15 26 7 18 29 10

April 5 D 23 4 G 26 7 18 29 10 21 2 j3 24 5 16 27 8 i? 0 I I

April 6 E 24 5 ib 27 8 j9 0 I I 22 3 25 67 2892c I 12

April 7 F 25 6 17 28920 1 12 23 4 15 26 7 18 29 10 21 2 13

April 8 G 26 7 18 29 10 21 2 13 24 5 16 27 8 l9 0 11 22 3 14

April9A 27 8 19 0 1 I 22 3 14 25 6 17 28929 1 12 23 4 15

April 10 B 28920 I 12 23 4 '5 26 7 18 29 10 21 2 13 24 5 l6

April 11 C 29 10 21 2 l3 24 5 16 27 89 0 11 22 3 14 25 b 17

April 12 I) 0 J I 22 3 H 25 0 17 28920 1 12 23 4 G 21 1 18

April 13 E 1 12 23 4 !5 20 7 l8 29 10 21 2 '3 24 5 l6 27 8 19

April 14 F 2 23 24 5 lb 27 89 0 I I 22 3 H 25 6 i7 28920

April 15 G 3 14 25 6 17 28920 I 12 23 4 15 26 7 18 29 10 21

April 10 A 4 26 7 18 29 10 21 2 '3 24 5 16 27 89 C 11 22

April 17 B 5 16 27 8 j9 0 I 1 22 3 D 25 6 l7 28920 I 12 23

April 17 B 7 18 29 10 21 2 '3 24

April 18 J 6 17 2892c I 12 23 4 15 2b

April 18 C 7 18 29 10 21 12 l3 24 5 16 27 8 O 0 II 22 3 '4 25

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 24. 35

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to provide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown should descend to any of the Children of his late Royal Highness Frederick Prince of Wales, being under the Age of eighteen Years, and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majesty having it entirely at Heart to secure the future Welfare and Happi- C Vy ness of your People, was graciously pleased to communicate to your Parliament, That you had maturely considered, that nothing can conduce so much (under the Protection of the Divine Provi dence) to the Preservation of the Protestant Succession in your Royal Family, and the Support of the

Religion, Laws and Liberties of these Kingdoms (which have been always moult dear to your Majesty) as the making proper Provisions for the Care and Tuition of the Person of your Successor to tyre Crown, and for the regular Administration of the Government; in case such Successor should he of tender Years, by means whereof, the Safety and Princely Education of such Successor may be fe

the public Peace and good Order maintained, and the Strength and Glory of the Crown of Great Britain suffer no Diminution; for which Reasons your Majesty, out of your paternal Affection and Tenderness for your Royal Family, and for all your faithful subjects, did earnestly recommend it: to both your Houses of Parliament to take this weighty Affair into their moil serious Deliberation; and was pleased to propose to their Consideration, That when the Imperial Crown of these Realms should defeend to any of the Issue of your Son the late Prince of tvales being under the Age of eighteen Years,

the Princess Dowager of Wales their Mother (of whose great Virtues and eminent Qualities, we are

truly sensible) might be Guardian of the Person of such Successor, and Regent of these Kingdoms,

until they should attain such Age, with such Powers and Limitations as should appear necessary and CX ' pedient for these important Purposes: And whereas, in Return for this paternal Goodness, with the most unfeigned Duty and Gratitude to your Majesty, and with the justest Sense of that constant Pro ' teclion which your Majesty has always extended to our religious and civil Rights, and of the many Blessings which these Kingdoms have enjoyed, during your auspicious and glorious Reign (for the long Continuance whereof our daily and most fervent Prayers are offered, up to Heaven) we have taken this weighty Affair into our serious Consideration, and being thoroughly convinced of the Wisdom and Ex

of what your Majesty has thought fit to recommend on this important Occasion, are firmly

and zealously determined to contribute everything in our Power to the Preservation of the Protestants

Succession, as settled by Law in your Royal Family, the numerous hopeful Branches whereof, formed

by your instruction, and led by your Example, we look upon as so many Pledges of the Security of

our excellent Constitution to future Generations: 'We, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, do humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whensoever, and as often as the Imperial Crown of this if the Crown Realm shall defeend to his Royal Highness George William Frederick Prince of Wales, the eldest Son of his 0, 311 descenj to Royal Highness Frederick late Prince of I Vales, or to any other of the Children of his said late Royal 0, the mu

Highness, if at the respective limes of such Descent, his said Royal Highness George jvuliam Frederick prince of Vales

Prince of Wales, or such other of the said Children succeeding to the Crown as aforesaid, shall be under being under the'; the Age of eighteen Years, her Royal Highness Augusta Princess Dowager of Wales shall be Guardian, and Ageof is ye, rs, 'have the Care, Tuition and Education of the Person of his said Royal Highness George William Frederick i3, Jc'; 0'

Prince of Wales, or such other Successor as aforesaid, until their respective Ages of eighteen Years, and.^jes^is cofni i shall, till such Ages, have the Disposition, Ordering and Management of all Matters and Things relating tuted c.ujidfii' thereto; and that her said Royal Highness shall, during such Minorities, and no longer, have full Power of such Succjflbrf and Authority, in the Name of his said Royal Highness George jvuliam Frederick Prince of tvales, or such, other Successor, and in his or her Stead, and under the Style and Title of Regent of the Kingdom, to oxer am: Regent of cife and administer, according to the Laws and Constitution thereof, the Regal Power and Government ofths Kingdom. r this Realm, and all the Dominions, Countries and Territories belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, and shall do and execute all Prerogatives, Authorities, Acts of Government and Administration of Government, which belong to the King or Queen of this Realm to do and' execute, according to Law; but in such Manner, and subject to such Conditions, Restrictions, Limitations and Regulations, as are herein after for that Purpose specified and mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts of Regal Power, Prerogative, Acts of Regal

Government or Administration of Government, of what Nature or Kind soever, which shall be, done vfe('in

executed by such King or Queen under the Age of eighteen Years, during the Regency of her said: ^?")('4gf^n Royal Highness, established by this Act, otherwise than by her said Royal Highness, in the Manner, and Highness r according to the Directions of this Act, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

void.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to assist her said Royal High council of rv ness in the Administration of the Government, there shall be during such Minorities, a Council to be caiied pencv

The Council of Regency, which shall consist of the Persons and Officers following, (that is to say) his^d^3'

Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland, the Archbishop of Canterbury for the Time being, the 111 s'

His Majesty by; Instruments under his Sign Manual may add four Counfcliors;

and may alter bit. Nomination;

After the Demise of his Majesty, in case of such Minority, the Jntiruments to be brought before the Privy Council.

Any Person who shall open the said instruments, C incurs a Premunire.,

One Instrument

produced,

effectual.

If the Office of Lord High Treasurer, C be in Commission, the first in comntif iion to be of the Council.

Not less than five of the Council to ah

I iis Royal Highness the Duke, Head of the Council.

Oath of Office to be taken by her Royal Highness,

C 24. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, the Lord trei furer of Great Britain for the Time being, the Lord President of the Council for the Time being, the Lord Privy Seal for the Time being, the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, the Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being, and the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench for the Time being; and such and so many other Persons (being natural born Subjects of tkis Realm) not exceeding the Number of four, as his present Majesty shall, by three Instruments under his Royal Sign Manual, revocable, from Time to Time, at his Wii! and Pleasure, think fit to nominate and add to the said Persons and Officers before mentioned; which three Instruments being sealed up under three several Covers, with any Seal his Majesty shall think fit to make use of for that Purpose, shall be each sealed also with the several Seals of her said Royal Highness, the Archbishop of Canterbury for the Time being, and the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal for the Time being; and one of the said Instruments shall be lodged and deposited in the Hands of her said Royal Highness, another in the Hands of the said Archbishop of Canterbury, and one other in the Hands of the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal for the Time being; and if his Majesty shall be willing to revoke or alter his Nomination made as aforesaid, and shall, by three Writings under his Hand and Seal, require the said instruments so deposited as aforesaid, to be delivered up to some Person or Persons thereby authorised to receive the same; then and in such Case, the Persons with whom the said instruments shall be deposited as aforesaid, and every of them, and in case of the Deaths of any of them, their Executors and Administrators respectively, and every other Person in whose custody any of the said instruments shall happen to be, shall deliver up the same accordingly; and in case the said Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper shall die or be removed from their said Offices, before the re delivery of such instruments as aforesaid, the Person so removed, and the Executors and Administrators of the Persons so dying, and every Person in whose Custody such Instrument shall happen to be, shall deliver the same with all convenient Speed, to the Successor or Successors of the Person so dying or being removed; and after the Demise of his Majesty, in case of such Minority as aforesaid, the said three Persons, their Executory or Administrators, and all other Persons in whose Custody the said Instruments shall then be, shall immediately bring the same before the Privy Council then existing; it is hereby enacted, shall be forthwith on such Demise assembled, and such Instruments shall be there opened and read, and presently afterwards enrolled in the High Court of Chancery.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Persons, with whom the said Instruments shall be so deposited, or any of their Executors or Administrators, or any other Person having the Custody thereof, shall open any of the said Instruments in the Life of his present Majesty, without his Majesty's Order, or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to produce and deliver the same to the Privy Council, every Person so opening, neglecting or refusing, shall incur the Pains and Penalties of Premunire inflicted by the Statute of Premunire made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if all the said three Instruments shall not be produced before the said Privy Council as aforesaid, then anyone or more of the said Instruments so produced, shall be effectual to give such Authority as aforesaid, to the Persons therein named, not exceeding four; and in case his Majesty shall not be pleased to name any such additional Counsellors, then his said Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, the said Archbishop of Canterbury, and the said Officers for the Time being, shall be solely the Council of Regency, and be inverted with all the Powers intended to be veiled by this Act in the Council of Regency.

VI. Provided always, That if at the Time of his Majesty's Demise, or at any Time during the Regency of her said Royal Highness, there shall be no Lord Eligh Treasurer of Great Britain, and the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer shall be in Commission, or if there shall be then no Lord High Admiral, and the Office of Lord High Admiral shall be then in Commission, then the first Commissioner named in such respective Commissions shall be of the said Council of Regency.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Council of Regency shall, from Time to Time, meet and sit as her said Royal Highness shall be pleased to direct, and that any five of the said Council, but not any less Number, being so assembled, shall be sufficient to act as such Council of Regency, and all Acts to be done by a major Part of the Council so assembled, shall be

deemed to be Acts of the Council of Regency, (excepting in such particular Cases wherein it is otherwise provided by this Act) and that his said Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland shall be Chief or Head of the said Council.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That her Royal Highness the Princess Dowager of Wales, before she shall act or enter upon her said Office of Regent, or within one Calendar Month after, shall take the following Oath of Office (that is to say)

T Augujla Princess Dowager of Wales, do solemnly promise and swear, That I will truly and faithfully ' JL execute the Office of Regent of the Kingdom of Great Britain, according to an Act of Parliament mack: in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act ' to provide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown Should defend to any of the Children of his late Royal Highness Frederick Prince of Wales, being under the Age of eighteen Tears, and for the Care and Guardianfip of their Persons; and that I will administer the Government of this Realm, and of all'

the

the Dominions thereunto belonging, according to the Laws, Customs and Statutes thereof; and will in all Things, to the utmost of iny Power and Ability, consult and maintain the Safety, Honour and Dig ' nity of his writer (as the Case shall require) Majesty, and the Welfare of his or her (as the Case shall lequire) People.

So help me God

IX. And each of the Members of the said Council of Regency, and their Successors, hall, before Oath of Office they shall respectively act in or enter upon their respeffiive Offices as Members of the said Council, jjcmhcr^of the Council.

take the following Oath of Office (that is to say)

I A.B. do solemnly promise and swear, That I will truly and faithfully serve his or her (as the Case ' JL shall require) Majesty, in the Office of one of the Council of Regency, established by an at of Parliament made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to provide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown Jooulil defend to any of the Children of his late Royal Highness Frederick Prince of Wales, being under the Age of eighteen Tears, ' and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons; and that I will duly and faithfully execute the said Office, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act; and that in all Matters and Things which shall be moved, debated and considered in the Council of Regency, I will truly and faithfully dc clare my Mind and Opinion, according to my Heart and Conscience, and the hest of my Judgement;

and will support, maintain, and defend the Person, Honour, Crown and Dignity of his or her (as the Case shall require) Majesty, to the utmost of my Power.

So help me God.'

Each of which Oaths shall be taken before the Privy Council then in Being, who are hereby required and Jo be taken be empowered to administer the same, and to enter the same in the Council Books. Council p"vy

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That her said Royal Highness, and every Per Her Royal hi^h son who shall be of the Council of Regency by virtue of this at, and of the Powers hereby given, Rail nufs and the ° be deemed and taken to be Persons having and executing Offices or Places of Trust within England, and Council to qua take and subscribe such Oaths, make and subscribe such Declaration, and do all such Acts as are required

by the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom, to qualify Persons to hold and continue in Offices and Places " ru ces 0 of Trust, within such Times, and in such Manner, and under such Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, as in and by the said Laws and Statutes are required.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for her htrroyalhigh

said Royal Highness to take and subscribe the said Oaths, and make and subscribe such Declaration, in thvoa^hs' C and before the Privy Council, and the Certificate of her said Royal highness's having received the Sacra before the prijy meat of the lord's Supper, in any of the Royal Chapels, signed by the Person administering the same. Council, ard re shall be registered in the said Privy Council, and her said Royal highness's so taking and subscribing the ce: ve the sacra said Oaths, and making and subscribing the said Declaration, and taking the said Sacrament, shall be to all j

Intents and Purposes as effectual as if the same had been taken, made and subscribed in the Manner re 'J 'a?e'quired by Law, for the Qualification of Persons to hold and continue in Offices and Places of Trust.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whensoever his present Majesty (whom Upon Jus Maje

God long preserve) Dial] happen to demise, leaving such Sticceftor as aforesaid, under the Age of eighteen the wnwis of Years, the Privy Council for the Kingdom of Great Britain in being, at the Time of such Demise, shall, hissuccessorjthe with all convenient Speed, assemble, and cause such next successor entitled to the Crown of Great Britain, Privy Council to by virtue of an at of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, (entitled, An Act forcm(e such Suc the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the subject) to be openly 1)6 ss

and solemnly proclaimed in the usual Manner in Great Britain and Ireland, and that all and every Member i2 w, 'C, Members of the said Privy Council, wilfully neglecting or refusing to cause such Proclamations to be under Penalty of made, shall be guilty of High Treason, and fufler upon Conviction thereof Pains of Death, and all other High Treason. Losses and Forfeitures, as in cases of High Treason.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Creation of all Peer tef ec^ages of Great Britain or Ireland, in the pardoning of all Crimes of High Treason, and in the Gift, Grant p'jjf re cncy"* and Disposition of all Archbishopricks and Bishoprics in England or Ireland, the Offices of Lord Chan riecdtaryln all cellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain or Ireland, of Lord Treasurer or Treasurers of Creations, C the Exchequer, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer, Lord President of the Council, Lord Privy Seal, Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, the Principal Secretaries of State, Master of the Rolls in Great Britain and Ireland, and of all the Judges of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Courts of Exchequer in England and Ireland, and of the Judges of the Court of Session, Court of Justiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and in the giving instructions, Orders and Authorities for the making any Treaties with any foreign Powers; the Consent of the said Council of Regency, or the major Part of any five or more of them so assembled as aforesaid, hall be necessary to make the said Creations, Pardons,

Gifts, Grants, Dispositions, instructions, Orders or Authorities, good and effectual.

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, i hat it shall not be lawful for her her royal high said Royal Highness to make War or Peace, ratify any Treaty with any foreign Power, or to prorogue, ffff pl.ji(kc adjourn or dissolve any Parliament, without the Consent of the major Part of the whole Council of

gency, then in Being, and in Great Britain, in case there shall then be an unequal Number in Great bri kue anyparlia tain; and if the Number then in Great Britain, shall be an equal Number, then without the Consent ofment, without

one

358 C 24*

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

Cnnfent of the pne half Part of the said Council, and that her said Royal Highness, either with or without the Consent of giv tv Rnyii the Council of Regency, shall not give the Royal Assent to any Bill or Bills in Parliament, for re

Council, nor to

iuiini to any pealing, changing, or in aily respect varying from the Order and Course of Succession to the Crown of at ior airmng this Realm, as the same Hands ..now established in the illustrious House of Hanover, by t e said Atft of the the Succession, twelfth Year of the Reign of Kins

or 5 Anna:. one at of the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, made in Scotland (entitled, An Act for securing the Protestant Religion and Presbyterian Church Government.

Members of the

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Archbishop of Canterbury, Council by rea or any other Person appointed by this Act to be of the said Council of Regency, in virtue or by reason of son of Office, to his Dignity or Office, shall continue no longer of the said Council than he shall continue in such his said be no longer of Dignity or Office, and his Successor in such Dignity or Office shall become one of the said Council; and they continue that the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal for the Time being, the Lord Treasurer or first office. Commissioner of the Treasury for the Time being, the Lord President of the Council for the Time being,

officers appoint the Lord Privy Seal for the Time being, the Lord High Admiral or first Commissioner of the Admiralty for CD 'o be of the tjle jitie being, and the Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being, so appointed to be of the said timic^n'office"1^'council of Regency by this at, shall continue in their said respective Offices, after such Descent of the unless removed. Crown to any of the Children of his said Royal Highness Frederick late Prince of jfales, during the Regency of her said Royal Highness, as well after as before the Expiration of six Months from the Time of f uch Descent, unless removed by her said Royal Highness, with the Consent of a major Part of the whole Council of Regency then in Being, and in Great Britain, in case there shall then be an unequal Number in Great Britain; and if the Number then in Great Britain shall be an equal Number, then with the Consent of one half Part of the said Council, or upon the Address of both Houses of Parliament, in which lat r Case her Royal Highness alone may remove any of the said Officers against whom such Address ftr.il! be presented.

Members of the

XVI. Provided nevertheless, That the Archbishop of Canterbury for the Time being, and the Lord Councl may be Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench for the Time being, notwithstanding their remaining in such sent°of the Dignity and Office respectively, may be removed from being of the Council of Regency by her Royal joriiy, Sec. or Highness, with the Consent of a major Part of the Council of Regency then in Being, and in Great Britain, upnii Address of in case there shall then be an unequal Number in Great Britain; and if the Number then in Great Britain bmli Houses of shall be an equal Number, then with the Consent of one half Part of the said Council, or upon the Adjournment. (frefs of both Houses of Parliament; and that any other of themembers of the said Council not so appointed in virtue or by reason of their Dignities or Offices, may be removed likewise by her Royal Highness, with Vacancies of the like Consent, or upon the Address of both Houses of Parliament; and within two Calendar Months cou^cu to°belie nfter Descent of the Crown as aforesaid, in case any Vacancy or Vacancies of any of the said Offices ailed up within happen then to be, and within the Space of two Calendar Months after every Vacancy which shall 2 Months. happen by means of such Removal, or by the Death or Resignation of any Member of the said Council of Regency, her Royal Highness shall and is required, with the Consent of the Council of Regency, or the major Part of those present, not being less than five, to fill up such Vacancy by the Appointment of a new Officer, where the Vacancy happens by the Death, Removal or Resignation of one of the Members of the said Council, so appointed in virtue or by reason of his Dignity or Office, or by the Appointment of a new Member of the said Council, being a natural born Subject of this Realm, where the Vacancy happens by the Death or Removal, or Resignation of any Member, not being one of the Officers named in this Act, or by the Resignation or Removal of the Archbishop of Canterbury, or of the Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench, from being of the said Council of Regency.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaici, That nothing herein contained shall take away or prejudice the Rights, Authorities, Powers and Jurisdictions of the Privy Council, hut her said Royal Highness shall have full Power to summon and hold, or to cause the same to be summoned and held in the ufqal Manner, and any of the Members of the said Council of Regency may be and continue of the Privy Council also.

Upon Descent of

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whensoever and as often as the I'll n°, a Crown shall defeend to such Minor Successor as aforesaid, in case a Parliament shall he then in Being, which shall have met and sat, such Parliament shall continue for three Years, from the Time of such Descent, unless such Successor to whom the Crown shall defeend as aforesaid, shall sooner attain his or her Age of eighteen Years, or such Parliament shall be sooner dissolved by her said Royal Highness with the Consent ol a major Part of the ccu.mcil of Regency, then in Being, and in Great Britain, in case there shall then be an unequal Number in Great Britain, and if the Number then in Great Britain shall bean equal Number, then with the Consent of one half Part of the said Council; and in case at the Time of such Descent, there shall he no Parliament in Being, which shall have met and sat, then the last preceding ir no Parliament Parliament shall immediately convene and sit at ihejlminjhr, and be a Parliament to continue for three in being, the Years as aforesaid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had never been dissolved, unless such suc prece cefl or shall (boner attain his or her ac of eighteen Years, or such Parliament shall be sooner dissolved by

XIX

Rights of the Privy Council preserved.

Minor the Parliament to continue for three Years, unless such Successor shall be sooner of Age, or the Parliament be d flulved,

3 Years. her said Royal Highness, with such Consent as last mentioned;

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 25. 359

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Royal Highness George willi'am^f^0! "ot 10 Frederick Prince of Wales., in case the Crown shall descend or come to him before his Age of eighteen, or^cori " any other of the Children of his late Royal Highness Frederick Prince of Wales, to whom the same shall without Content descend before his or her Age of eighteen Years, shall not, during the Regency of her said Royal high of her Royal ness, be married to any Person whatsoever, without the Consent of her said Royal Highness, and of ahighncfsand the major Part of the said Council of Regency then in Being, and in Great Britain, in case there shall then becounuli

an unequal Number in Great Britain, and if the Number then in Great Britain, shall be an equal Number, then with the Consent of one half Part of the said Council; and every Marriage so had without such Consent, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and every Person who shall be acting, aiding, krfoitconcern abetting or concerned in obtaining, procuring or bringing about any such Marriage, and the Person whoea, C guilty of shall be so married to such King or Queen, under the Age of eighteen Years, shall be guilty of High High Treason, Treason, and suffer and forfeit as in cases of High Treason.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where the Members of thein Cases °( Council of Regency shall be equally divided in their Voices, her said Royal Highness shall and may decide y!vj'?ty

and determine the Question or Matter concerning which they shall be so equally divided, if she sit all be r0j!a k;, hnef<s pleased to give her own Opinion thereupon. " may decide.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where the Consent of a Where Content major or one half Part of the said Council of Regency then in Being, and in Great Britain, is by this act?fa Mrionty made necessary to the Validity of any at, Matter or Thing, such Consent shall be signed by the respee 4emembei s are live Members giving such Consent in the Council Books; and that a Clerk or Clerks of the Council octo sign the same. Regency shall be appointed by her said Royal Highness, and such Clerk or Clerks shall provide jtsocks for Cleric of the entering the Acts of such Council, and shall enter the same truly and faithfully, and keep the said Books, Council to be for which he or they shall be answerable, and such Clerk or Clerks, before he or they enter upon the ex app01nted> eeution of their said Office, shall take an Oath before such Council, for the due Execution of such Office!" office!"

or Place respectively.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Commissions, Letters Patent, Commissions, Orders, Matters and Things to be made, passed, had or done by the said Regent, either with or without the

Consent of the said Council of Regency, in order unlawfully so feta side, change or vary the Order and cf Governmeni, Method of Government, and Administration of Government settled by this Act, during such Minorities asdechred void, 'aforesaid, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes, and every Person advising, concur and the Person. ring, promoting or assisting therein, sit all incur the Penalties of Premimire, inflicted by the said Statute ofconcclnei 10 ln' Premunire. _ - cur a premurr.re,

XXIII. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act of Parliament made In

the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King' Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act giving Authority to such Hen. 3. CI as shall succeed to the Crown of this Realm when they come to the Age of twenty-four Tears, to make frustrate such Aids as shall be made afore in their Time; and one other Act made in the salt Year of the Reign of King and i Ed. 6, Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act for the Repeal of a certain Statute made in the eight and twentieth Yearz -- of the Reign of the late King, of most famous Memory, Henry the Eighth, for revoking of Acts of Parliament, n'n'd' are determined, and of no Force or lifted whatsoever.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for laying out, making and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Paflhge of Troops and Carriages from the City of Carlifie to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

PR.

WHEREAS the making and keeping a free and open Communication between the City of Carlifie and the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, by a Road proper for the passage of Troops, Horses and Carriages, at all Times in the Year, would be of great Use and Service to the Public; and it hath been found by Experience, that the Want of such Road, passage and Communication, hath been attended with great Inconvenience and Danger to this Kingdom: And whereas such Road cannot be laid out, or the Charge of making the same be defrayed, otherwise than at the Expense of the Public, and by the Authority of Parliament; but it is apprehended that such public Road when finished, may lie supported and kept in Repair, by proper Tolls and Duties to be raised and colieoled thereupon for. that Purpose May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, i.

"new Road shall extend from the West Gate of Newcastle to East Denton, and by Chapel Horses to "Hcdchn on the Wall, Harlow Hill, Port Gate, Chollerford Bridge, Walwick, Carrazuburgh, Whinjhelds,

"Clowgill, Brampton, High crofay, "draivdikes and Stanwix, to the Scotch Gare of Carlifie. Trustees to "nominate Officers, Gfe. Copies of the Accounts and of all Contracts aato bo delivered to each House c' of Parliament. Surveyors may dig Gravel in Waste Grounds, C without paying for the same; level "the Pits. Justices to determine Differences. Trustees may purchase Lands 10 be taken into the Road, C Persons neglecting to treat for the Sale of such Lands, Trustees may a He Is the Recompense by a Jury. The Recompence charged on the Moneys granted by parliament for making the '

"Road. 3, oooo/. to be paid out of the Supplies for the Year 1751, towards making the Road; 1,000l.

"to the Trustees of Cumberland, and 2, ocol. to the Trustees of Northumberland. Accounts of the Mo "to be laid before Parliament. When the Road shall be made, Turnpikes and toll houses are "to be erected, and Tolls to be taken. One Third of the Tolls only to be taken at. any one Toll. "gam

360

13 Geo.i. c. z'

Importers of ba Lint seed or Hempfeed, rr Short Lintiec d,

forfeit 3 I. per Hogshead,

C 26 — 31. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 173r.

C gate in Northumberland, and one half in Cumberland. Penalty on Carriages with four Wheels, drawn "by more than four Horses, or with fewer Wheels, by more than three Horses. Owners of Collieries "may lay wagon ways cross the Road, and repair the same. Justices to determine the statute work to "be done on the Road. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter sessions. Trustees may lefien the "Tolls. Justices may appoint Persons to inspect the Road, who hall inquire of the Application of the "'Polls, and certify any Misapplication. On Death, cof Trustees others to be chosen. Road to be "measured, and mile stones erected. Tolls to continue, until otherwise provided by Parliament."

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for cleansing and enlightening the open Places, Streets, and other Passages; and regulating the nightly Watch and Bedels in the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex.

PR.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Golden Square, in the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, to make and levy a Rate on themselves, for raising Money sufficient for the better Enclosing, Paying, Enlightening and Adorning of the said Square; and supporting and keeping of the same in Repair for the future.

PR.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley Hill in the County of Gloucester to Frogg mill, through the Towns of Norihleach, Burford and Witney, and Parishes of Hanlorough and Bladen, to Campsfeld, in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford; and also the Road from Witnessthrough Ensham, Cumner and Botley, to the City of Oxford.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow in the County of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monks Bridge in the said County; and also from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called the Maidenhead at Orleton in the County of Hereford,

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. XXX.

An Act for repairing the High Roads leading from Darlington in the County of Durham to ivtfl Auckland, and several other Roads in the said County therein mentioned.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for explaining, amending and enforcing an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for further regulating and encouraging the said Manufactures.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (entitled. An act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen alanufa Ft tyres in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland) certain Rules and Regulations were established for en couraging and improving of the said Manufactures, and for preventing of Frauds and Abuses in the same; And whereas the said Rules and Regulations have been found useful and beneficial, and have been a Means of improving the said Manufactures, which might be still brought to greater rerfeftion, ' and be further extended, it' some Parts of the said Act were explained, amended and enforced, and further Regulations established May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons who shall import, or cause to be imported, into any Port or Place in Scotland, any bad, mixed or damnified Lintseed or Hempfeed, or any Lintfecd or Hempfeed which shall not be thoroughly cleansed, or any Lintseed commonly called or known by the Name of Short lint seed, he and they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit such Lintseed or Hempfeed, and shall also be subject and liable to a Penalty, not exceeding three Pounds Sterling for every Hogshead of such Seed; and foin Proportion for any Ids Quantity.

A.D.

17511

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II.

C

r.

; 6 L

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if all or any of such damnified Lintfeeed or hemp seed shall be only damaged in the Conveyance by Sea, the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors damnified V > thereof, shall not be liable or subject to the Paid Forfeiture or Penalty; in case he or they shall immediately, sea, importer y

upon the landing of such Seed, produce sufficient Proof before some Justice of the Peace, or other magis not to forfeit; trate, that such Damage was occasioned as aforesaid, and give sufficient Security as soon as may be unto P'vln? Secmy the Trustees appointed, or to be appointed, in pursuance of the said Act of the thirteenth Year of his late >ur beills majesty's Reign, that such Seed shall not be sown, but shall be made into Oil, or exported, under the Penalty of five Pounds for every Hogshead of such damnified Seed; and foin proportion for any less Quantity.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Lintseed or Hempfeed of the Growth of Scotlandpropr lot of shall be bad, short, damnified or otherwise improper and unfit for lowing, the Proprietor or Proprietors l^uiedb&c&of. thereof shall not be subject or liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by the said former acte, for the Growth of selling or exposing to Sale any bad or damnified Lintseed or Hempfeed, in case he shall, before he shall Scotland, sell such Seed, or expose the same to Sale, give sufficient Security to the said Trustees, that such Seed shall to, ive Securir not be sown, but made into Oil, or exported, under the Penalty of five Pounds for every Hogshead of that he same such Seed; and foin proportion for any less Quantity. shall be ex

po ted, or made into Oil,

CIV. And whereas a Doubt hath arisen with relation to the exact Measure by which all Lintseed and Hempfeed is by the said Act directed to be sold; 'Be it enacted, That all Lintseed and Hempfeed shall be^folditihe sold by the Linlithgow Barley Measure streaked, and that all such Measures shall be first marked and tamped unikhgow bar by the Dean of Guild of some Royal Borough, with the usual Mark of such Borough, and also with these ky Measure Words Linlithgow Barley Measure; and if any Person shall vend or sell any Lintseed or Hempfeed by any streaked, C Measure that shall not be marked and stamped, in Manner as aforesaid, such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence such Measure, and also the Sum of forty Shillings Sterling.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who Persons selling shall sell and, deliver to any one Buyer, at one Time, ten Pecks, or any larger Quantity of Lintseed or tei1 £cc!cs' to Flempfeed, without delivering therewith a Certificate subscribed by such Person or Persons, expressing the ° "'e^certificate Quantity and Price of the Seed, and if the same shall be of foreign Production, the Port from whence the of the Quantity, same was imported, and the Name of the Country where it grew, and the Year of its Growth; and if Price and such Seed shall be of the Produce of Britain, the Year of its Growth, and the Name of the County where Growth, cit

grew; such Person or Persons hall forfeit a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than fifty Shillings Sterling, for every Hogshead of such Seed; and so proportionally for any less Quantity.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all stamp mailers. riding officers, Surveyors or other Officers, Officers may enabling under the directions and Authority of the said Trustees, may, with their Assistants, at all Time ^rc hc fos by Day, enter into any Warehouse, or other Place made use of for keeping Lintseed or Flempfeed, and

into any Place where they shall have Reason to suspect that Lintseed or Hempfeed is kept, and may inspedi

and survey all Lintseed and Hempfeed which shall be found in such Places, and shall and may seize and and seize whit

carry off, or otherwise secure, all bad, short, damnified or mixed Lintseed or Hempfeed, and such asfhj!1 be foun

shall not be clean and good, and detain the same until it shall be legally tried, whether such Lintseed cor

Hempfeed is by the said former or this present Act prohibited to be imported or sold, or exposed to Sale,

or to be sown; and in case it shall be adjuged that such Seed is prohibited to be imported, sold or ex Penalty if the

posed to Sale, the same shall be forfeited, and the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof shall be subject and

liable to a Penalty not exceeding three Pounds Sterling for every Hogshead of such Seed, and foin propor nrihibkfd, C

tion for any less Quantity; and in case it shall be adjudged that the Seed so seized is prohibited to be sown, '

and the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof shall not make it appear that sufficient Security hath heen given

to the said Trustees, in Manner 'as aforesaid, for the exporting or making of such Seed into Oil, or

that Application hath been made, and sufficient Security tendered to the said Trustees for that Purpose,

such Seed shall be also forfeited, and the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof subject and liable to

the Penalty aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, That in all Cases where it shall be proved, that Application hath been only made Seed seized not for giving sufficient Security as aforesaid, such Seed so seized and detained, shall not be delivered'to'0|, edclitre': i' the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, until such Security shall be actually entered into, and executed "'i'12 C to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who Hemp and Fla

shall sell or dispose of any Hemp or Flax, by any other Weight than by the Stone, conftfting of sixteen to be '"ld, b pounds Weight Averdupois; and also all Flax Raifers and Hecklers who hall not affix their Names and 1: 0'e tone places of Abode, upon every Mat or Quantity of Flax by them sold, shall respectively for each and every Flax Raifers such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding five Pounds Sterling. a Hecklers

to affix their Names upon every Mat.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall sell or expose to Penalty of fel sale, in one and the same Mat or other Package, Flax or Hemp of different Quality or Fineness, shall line Flax or forfeit a Sum not exceeding five Pounds Sterling for every such Adat or other Package, '

in thefamcm.lt.

Vol. VII

Provided

Exception. X Provided always, That the said Penalty hall not extend to any Person selling a Tonne or any larger

Quantity of Hemp or Flax to any one Person at one Time, piaim Linen may

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to work up be made with atl(j manufacture plain Linen Cloth, with Flaxen and Tow Yarn mixed, by making the Woof of such. Yarn mixed. Cloth of one of the said Yarns, and the Warp of the other; but that the Yarn which shall be used for Penalty if the the Warp, shall be of the same Quality and Fineness throughout such Warp, and that the Yarn which Warp be not of shall he used for the Woof shall be of the same Quality and Fineness throughout such Woof, under the the same Eme Penalty of a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings Sterling, to be paid by the asavvrhc woof!^eaver» anything in the said former Act, or this present Act, to the contrary note, ithstanding.

ttriped, C Linens, Sec,

mentions pre feriberi $ of false reeled Yarn of the Produce of Scotland,

Foreign Yarn excepted.

Maker of Heckles his

Bleachers of Linen,

Yams of diffe

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to make rent Sorts, C use of Yarns of different Sorts, Qualities and Fineness, in the working up and manufacturing of striped, manufactu ric^ecluere^ and flowered Linens, but so that each Sort of such Yarn shall be of equal Quality and fine n. iiu .1 uring nep, ^throughout each Piece of such striped, chequered or flowered Linens, under the Penalty of a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings Sterling, to be paid by the Weaver; anything in the said former Add, or this present Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Penalty of selling

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who or buying Reels fla]] make, fc]] or expose to Sale, or shall buy one or more Reel or Reels, which shall not be of the not ott, 1- Standard and Dimensions prescribed by the said former Aiit, shall over and above the forfeiting of such

Reel or Reels, forfeit a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings Sterling, for every such Reel; and that all and every Person or Persons who shall be convicted of false reeling and making up Yarn, or exposing to Sale, selling or buying Yarn of the Produce of Scotland, knowing the same to be reeled or made up contrary to the Directions of the said Acts, shall, over and above the forfeiting of such Yarn, forfeit a Sum not exceeding ten nor less than two Shillings Sterling, for every Spindle thereof, and so proportionally for any less Quantity.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to import, fell and expose to Sale, any foreign Yarn, although such Yarn hall not be reeled and made up according to the Directions of the said Act or this Act; anything in the said Act or this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker of Heckles, Wheels, les, &c..to affix Reels, weaving looms and weaving reeds, shall mark or cause to be marked, with an Iron Brand, or is Name, C some other proper Instrument, in legible and durable Characters, on every Heckle, Wheel, Reel, weaving loom and weaving reed by him made, his Christian Name, Surname and Place of Reffdence, as also upon each Reed the Hundreds of such Reed, under the Penalty of forfeiting all such Heckles, Wheels, Reels, weaving looms and weaving reeds; and also of a Sum not exceeding twenty nor less than ten Shillings Sterling, for each of the said Particulars.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons who shall practice the Trade of Whitening or Bleaching of Linen Cloth in the Piece, so as to bleach or whiten a Quantity of Cloth, which shall he of the Value of five hundred Pounds Sterling, in the Course of one Year and also

ani Matters of all Persons who shall keep any publick lapping press or lapping house, shall respectively fi. fl give fuf ^c'ent Security to the said Trustees, to the Extent of one hundred Pounds Sterling for every such to give. Lcunty. g|eac[ler^ an(j of fiftpounds Sterling for every Keeper or Mailer of such publick lapping press and lapping house, for their faithful Performance of the said Trades; and also for making good any Damage which may arise to their respective Employers, by any Neglect or Want of Skill in the Exercise of either Tmrtees to grant of such Trades; and the said Trustees are hereby required, upon their Acceptance of such respetsiive southeast i.icences upon curities, to grant Licences under their Hands and Seals to such Persons, impowering them to exercise the said respetsiive Trades; and that no Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken, for or upon account of giving any such Security, or of granting such Licence; and that if any Person or Persons final without such Licence bleach or whiten a Quantity of Cloth, which shall be of the Value of five hundred Pounds Sterling, in the Course of one Year, or shall keep and use any publick lapping press or lapping house, such Person or Persons hall respectively forfeit, videlicet; such Bleacher or W hitener, the Sum of one hundred Poll lapping press or lapping hoitfe, the such respective Trades without such Licence.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such licensed Bleachers shall' mark or stamp, or cause to be marked or stumped, in legible Letters on each End of every Piece of onccvna7j'icccc'^loth by them bleached or whitened, their Names and Places of Abode, with the Addition of Bleacher, n nuy act. un{jer tac penalty of a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings for every Piece of Cloth which shall not be io marked.

Penalty of lap

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall fold or lap up any cloth.for ping up cloth Sale, when wet, or with any Chalk, Duff, Flour or other Material, which may be prejudicial to thea imci' Eabnck or Quality of such Cloth, or shall lap up any Piece of Cloth for Sale which is not duly {lamped in uo empc in Manner prescribed by the said former Act or this present Act, he or they shall for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings Sterling, for every such Piece of Cloth.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby cnadied, That in all Cases where Cloth shall through unavoidable Accidents be damnified in the weaving^or Bleaching, by Holes or Rents made in the same, or not be

of

Security given.

Penalty on un kcensed Bleachers, C

licensed Bleachers to maik

stamp matters to cut Clothes

j KJ L X 01 luiio iumi i V 1 LI V mu inn y icivwii xj ri

undred Pounds Sterling; and such Master and Keeper of a publick Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling, for every Year they shall carry on.

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 31. 363

f equal Quality, Fabric and Goodness throughout the Piece, in such Manner as the same is directed to damaged byac be made, by the said former Act or this present Act, the stamp matter or stamp matters appointed or toc dent> be appointed by the said Trustees, rnay cut such damaged or insufficient Cloth into such Pieces as he or they shall find to be sufficient and free of Holes and Rents, and affix his Stamps to such Cuttings, in the )n 3rnp "10 same Form and Manner as by the said Act is directed, with regard to whole Pieces, returning the damaged or insufficient Cuttings to the Owners for their Use; but that if the said stamp matter or stamp matters p'05'1 damaged shall not be satisfied that the Cloth received such Damage, or was rendered insufficient, through unavoid b^hero^wea able Accidents as aforesaid, and shall have Reason to believe that the same was occasioned by the Negli vclj anj prc. gence or Ignorance of the Weaver or Bleacher, and that the Cloth was presented to be stainped with a rented to be fraudulent intention to deceive the Buyer, be shall and may seize and detain the same; and if upon Trial temped, to be to be had thereupon, it shall appear that such Damage or Insufficiency was occasioned by the Negligence feiz<, d' or Ignorance of the Weaver or Bleacher of such Cloth, and not by unavoidable Accident, it shall be condemned and forfeited in such Manner as is prescribed by the aforesaid Act of his late Majesty, with respectaml forfeited, to all insufficient and unmerchantable Cloth which shall be offered to be stamped.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any unstamped Cloth or unftatu f Cloth or Wr. table Yarn shall be seized in pursuance of the Powers contained in the said Act, and it shall be alledged be that such Cloth or Yarn is of foreign Manufacture, the Onus Probandi shall lie upon the Owner of Cloth or Yarn, that the same was fairly imported from the Place where it shall be alleged to have been fjcw to lie on. manufactured, or from the next adjacent Port, and that the Duties for the same have been paid; and if the the owner, &c. Owner of such Cloth or Yarn shall fail in such Proof, the Cloth or Yarn so seized shall be deemed and taken to be of the Manufacture of Scotland, and be forfeited; and all Linen Cloth of the Manufacture of Ireland, imported into, or exposed to Sale in Scotland, which shall not have the Seals or Stamps of some stamp matter appointed by the Trustees for the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, affixed thereon, shall be forfeited, and shall be seized and tried in the same Manner as is directed by the said Act, with regard tojp^'j'0 e such Linen of the Manufacture of Scotland as is exposed to Sale without being stamped.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker and Cutter of Stamps Makers of or Seals of any Kind for stamping of Cloth, shall upon some proper Part of every Stamp or Seal by himstay, p.s. to mir*c: made, mark his Name and Place of Abode, and shall take an Impression of every such Seal or Stamp in Book to be kept for that Purpose, and shall enter in such Book the Name and Designation of the Person by take an imprec whom he was employed, and to what Person and at what Time such Seal or Stamp was delivered, under fiou in a Book, the Penalty of fifty Pounds Sterling for each of the said Offences.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall conn penalty of counterfeit any Seal or Stamp made in pursuance. of this Act, or any Seal or Stamp of any stamp matter ap tirfe.ting stamps. pointed by the Trustees for the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, he, she or they so counterfeiting the same,

and being thereof lawfully convicted before the Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, or in the Circuits, shall suffer and incur the same Pains and Penalti s as Persons by the Law of Scotland convicted of Forgery.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker of Heckles, Spin Makers of fjac ning wheels, Reels, weaving looms and weaving reeds, and also every Whaver or Manufacturer oa1" (7 L'nen, Flaxen or Hempen Cloth, or Heckler or Dresser of Flax or Hemp, shall and may, and is hereby thdr° authorised to exercise the said respective Trades, within any City, Town, Corporation, Burgh or Place Trades in any in Scotland, without any Let or Hindrance from any Person or Persons whatsoever, and without beingcity, C chargeable or charged with Payment of any entry money or other Duty whatsoever, for or in respect

of their following such Trade or Business.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall by Force Pcn, lty

or Violence obstruct, hinder or impede any Officer appointed or to be appointed by the said trutteesftrucllnboftleers in the due Execution of his Duty, under the Penalty of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds Sterling, for every such Offence.

XXV. And it is hereby enacted, That ail Offences again! this Act (except only as to the counter slow to feiting of Seals or Stamps) shall and may be heard and derermined by the Justices of Peace or Magistrates tll= '

of any Burghs, or any one of them, within their respective Jurisdictions, after the same Form and Manner, and with the same Powers as are prescribed and mentioned in the aforesaid Act, with regard to Offences committed again! that Act; and that all Offences again! this and the aforesaid Act, (except as aforesaid) shall and my be also heard and finally determined by any of his Majesty's Sheriff' or Stewart Deputes, or their Substitutes, subject only to an Appeal to the Fords of Justiciary or their Circuit

Courts.

XXVI. And it is hereby declared, That all Penalties or Forfeitures which shall he incurred for all tinepenalilesi to le Offences again! this Act, shall be paid and delivered to the Informer or Prosecutor, and be adjudged to bepald to the Pl" payable and deliverable to him.

XXVII. Provided always, That all Actions shall be commenced for Offences again! this Act, and the Limitation of said former Act, within twelve Months after the Commission of such Offence; and ail Actions to be com aai0ns< menced for the same shall cease and determine, and are hereby discharged from and after the Expiration of

eight full Months from the Commencement of the Suit; and if any Appeal, either from the Magistrates r Justices of the Peace to the Quarter sessions, or from the Sheriff or Stewart Deputes, or their substitute, to the Circuit Court, shall not be determined at the Expiration of eight Months from the Commencement of the Action, the Sentence appealed from shall take Place, and be put in Execution, as if no Appeal had been entered again! the said Sentence

364 C 32'

34.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

Act to be interpreted in the m'tfft beneficial Manner. Penalty on Magistrates lefufing to cxecote the Powers.

Comptroller of the Customs to deliver a yearly Account to the Trustees of all flaac cloth, pot ashes, C imported and ex p6rted.

Contrarts, centred into by the Trustees,

Bonds, See,

and Suits, Sec, to be in the secretary's Name.

Commencement of the Art.

XXVIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sheriff and Stewart Deputes, Sheriff and Stewart Substitutes, Justices of Peace, and Magistrates of Burghs, shall interpret and nut this Add, and the said former Act in Execution, in the moil beneficial Manner for promoting the Linen and Hempen Manufactures; and if any of the said Sheriffs or Stewarts, Justices or Magistrates, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute the Powers and Authorities committed to them by this and the said former Act, so as that such Neglect or Refusal shall rend to the Discouragement or Detriment of the said Manufactures, such Neglect or Refusal shall be and be taken to be a Point of Dittay, and the Person or Persons so offending may be prosecuted before and punished by the Lords of Justiciary, in Manner prescribed by the said former Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Comptroller of the Customs in Scotland, or his Deputy, shall, without Fee or reward, in the Month of December yearly, on Demand, deliver in to the said Trustees an Account for the Year ending at Midsummer preceding, of all flax seed and Hcmpfeed, and of all Flax and Hemp, and also of all pot ashes, and all Linen, Flaxen or Hempen Yarn, and Linen clo'.h, imported into Scotland, distinguishing the several Ports from whence, and at which the same were impoited; as also an Account of all Flax and Hemp, and of all Linen, Flaxen or Hempen Yarn, and also of all pot ashes shipped in and exported from Scotland, distinguishing the several Ports from, and to which the same shall be shipped, and of all Linen Cloth shipped in and exported from Scotland, distinguishing the several Ports from and to which the same shall be shipped and exported, and distinguish ing the several Bounties paid upon the Exportation of such Cloth.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Contracts, Securities and Agreements entered into and taken by Authority of the said Trustees for promoting of the said Linen and Hempen Manufactures, or any particular Branch thereof, may be.entered into, and taken in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, and his Successors in Office, for the Use of the Fund established by the said Act for encouraging the Linen Manufacture in Scotland; and all Bonds, Obligations and other Securities, for the faithful Execution of any Office, or for the Performance of any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Manufacture, shall and may be taken in the Name of the said Secretary for the Time being, and his Successors in Office, for the Use of the said Fund; and all Dilligencies, Suits, Actions and Processes, may be issued and carried on in consequence of such Contracts, Securities and Agreements, Bonds and Obligations, and prosecuted to a final Issue in the Name and at the Instance of the said Secretary for the Time being.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all the Authorities, Powers, Matters and Things herein contained, shall commence and take Place from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Acts of Parliament, For repairing the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham in the County of Bucks; and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from the west End of the said Town of jfendover to the End of a Lane called Oak Lane, next the great Road called The Oxford Road, lying between the Town of Beconsfield in the said County of Bucks, and Uxbridge in the County of Middlesex, and that Part of the said great Road which leads from the west End of the said Town of Beconsfield to the River Colne near Uxbridge aforesaid. PR. [The Acts 7 Geo. 1. c. 24. and 15 Geo. 2. c. 5. continued for 21 Years.]

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament passed in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads leading from the moil southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton; and from thence to henjhalps Smithy upon Cranage Green in the said County; and for making the said Act more effectual. PR. [The Act Geo. 2. c. 3. continued for 21 Years.]

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland'

WHEREAS it is necessary that the Laws now in Force in Scotland, for regulating the Times for killing the Game, and for preventing the Abuses of Carriers, Poachers and others carry ing and selling the same, should be amended and made more effectual be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Moor Fowl, Person in Scotland shall, upon any Pretence whatsoever, kill or dellrov any Moor Fowl, from the first Heath Fowl not Lay of January to the tenth Day of July, or any Partridge or Heath Fowl, from the first Day of fe to be killed "out bruary to the twentieth Day of Augitft in any Year.

ot Season. 'this Clause repealed by I Gee. 3. C si.

Penalty on Per

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever, not qualified to son not qualified jcj]] Game in Scotland, shall have in his or her Custody, or carry at any Time of the Year, upon anytp re havi'n1 ?ntin tence whatsoever, any Hares, Partridges, Pheasants, Muir Fowl, Heath Fowl, Snipes or Quails, with ls custody.1" out the Leave or Orders of a qualified Person first obtained, for carrying such Hares or other Game, or for having the same in his or her Custody. III

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 35 — 37. 365

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person transgressing this Act, shall Penalty of for the first Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling; and for the second and every n anigrefiinj other subsequent Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings Sterling; which respective Fines shall and may bethlsa£l' levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Offender; and in case of Insolvency the Party offending shall suffer Imprisonment for the Space of six Weeks for the first Offence, and for the Space of three Months for the second and every other subsequent Offence.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all offences against this Act shall and Offences howto may he inquired into and determined, either by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness orbetlied' Witnesses, or by the Confession or Oaths of the Parties accused, before any two or more of his Majesty's

Justices of the Peace, or before the Sheriff of the County where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender shall be found; and that all Prosecutions for Offences against this Act shall be carried on either at the Instance of the Fifchal of Court, or of any other Person who will inform or complain.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of the Forfeitures to be inapplication of curred for any Offence against this Act shall, when recovered, be paid to the Informer or Prosecutor, and the Forfeitures, the other Moiety shall he applied, for such public Services within the County where the Offence shall he committed, as the Justices of the Peace or the Sheriff respectively shall direct, before whom the Offender

shall be convicted.

VI. Provided always, That any Persons aggrieved by the Judgement of the said Justices or Sheriff respect Persons aggrieved tively, shall have Liberty to appeal to the next General or Quarter Session, in case such Judgement was may appeal, given by any Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, or to the Lords of Justiciary in their next Circuit Court,

or (where there are no Circuit Courts) to the Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, in case the Judgement complained of was given by the Sheriff of any County; and that the Determination of the said General or Quarter Session, or of the said Circuit Court, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh; and from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queen's Ferry in the County of Linlithgow PR. [A private Act 12 Ann. ft. 2. enlarged and continued for 21 Years.]

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Ribble, between the Townships of Preston and Pemvorthanty near a Place called the fish house, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. P R,

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for dividing the Parish of Si. Philip and Jacob in the County of Gloucester and in the City and County of Bristol; and for erecting a Church in the new intended Parish.

PR.

K Hf REAS the Inhabitants of that Part of the now or late Forest or Chase of Kingswood which lies in the Parish of St. Philip and Jacob in the County of Gloucester, within the Diocese of Bristol,

very numerous, and at a great Distance from the Mother Church in the City of Bristol, which said Church is not large enough to contain all the Inhabitants; And whereas it is now proposed, for the better Accommodation of the said Inhabitants, to erect a new Church upon the said now or late Sorest or Chase, to be consecrated and used for the public Worship of God, and the Instruction of the Inha bitants there in the Christian Religion, as it is now professed in the Church of England, and established by the Laws of this Realm; and to promote so good a Work, Thomas Chijler, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of that Part of the said now or late Forest or Chase of Kingswood as lies in the said Parish of St

Philip and Jacob in the said County of glouceftert hath proposed so grant a Piece of Ground commo diously situated in the Centre of the new intended Parish, for the Site of a Church and a churchyard.

House and Gardens, and for other Purposes relative to the Design; and the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Durham (late of Bristol) for promoting so good a Design, is disposed and ready to give the Sum of four hundred Pounds, towards the Endowment of the new intended Vicarage, for the Maintenance of a Minister or Vicar, who shall reiide in the Vicarage House, and in order to obtain the like Sum of four hundred Pounds to be added thereto, by the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne

for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, for the further Augmentation of the Maintenance of such Minister or Vicar of the said new intended Parish: whereas several charitable and well disposed Persons, to encourage so pious an Undertaking, have contributed, and are ready to contribute, towards the erecting and finishing such Church, and an House for the Minister or Vicar to

in, and for the better endowing the same, in case there shall be an Overplus; and whereas the Mayor, Burgesses and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, Patrons of the Vicarage of the said Parish. C Church of St. Philip and Jacob, and the Inhabitants of the said Parish, are willing and desirous that a ' new Church and House may be erected as aforesaid, and that a proper District round the intended Church may be appointed, in order to separate the same from the said Parish, and make it a distinct and separate Parish; whereas, for preventing the Trouble of separating and dividing the same by Commissionersj.

4

366 C 38, 39. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

missioners, they the said Inhabitants and Parishioners of the Parish of St. Philip and Jacob aforesaid, hare agreed among themselves on the District of and for the new intended Church and Parish, and settled the Limits and Bounds thereof; which District so limited and bounded, is, as herein after is mentioned and expressed; is to say, From a Bridge at the Foot of Lawrence Hill, called Lawrence Bridge, along

the Lane southward called Barton Hill Lane; thence in a direct Line along the Lane called Little Marsh Lane \ thence along by a little Stream of Water, which runs from the said Lane into Kings Pill; and thence along by the said King's Pill to the River Avon; and along up the Side of the River Won, to the utrnoft Extent and Boundaries of the old Parish on that Side thereof; from St. Lawrence Bridge 'aforesaid, westward, to a Lane called Dod Lane; along this Lane, northward to the Bridge called Gant Bridge, in the Road leading from Bristol towards Gloucester; from thence along the said Road directly to 1 Coomb Brook; and thence to the utrnoft Extent and Boundaries of the old Parish, eastward, quite to the River Avon as aforesaid: whereas, for the like Purpose aforesaid, they the said Inhabitants and Pa ' rifhioners have also agreed among themselves, that the Piece of Ground so proposed to be granted by the said Thomas Chester as aforesaid, and which contains, by Estimation, two Acres one Rood and six Perches (be it more or lei's) and is situated at or near a certain Place called Don 'john's Cross; and is bounded on the Ealt Side by the Road leading from Bristol to Bath j on the West, partly by Don john's Cross, and partly by a Garden, now or late in the Tenure of Thotnas Mars; the North by a Road

leading from Bristol to Marfofichl; and on the South, partly by a Lane or waste Ground, and partly by a small Enclosure, late in the Tenure of John Curtis % shall) be for the Site of the new intended Church, and a Churchyard or Cemetery, to be belonging to the said Parish, and a Vicarage House, with a Gar ' den or Gardens, and Conveniences for the Habitation of the Minister or Vicar for the Time being, of the same Church Therefore, may it please your Majesty (at the humble Petition of sundry of the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish of St. Philip and Jacob, which is situated in the County of Gloucester and Diocese of Bristol) that it may be enacted, isfe.

"Money for the Augmentation of the Vicarage to be paid, when the Church is built and consecrated. 44 The District before described, erected into a distinct Parish. The Church to be called by the Name of 44 St. George. William Carry appointed Vicar. Corporation declared Patrons of the Vicarage. Work "to be for the joint Use of both Parishes, isc. Power given to the Vestry to make Church Rates, 44 Sc. The Church, isc. to be under the Jurisdiction of the Archbishop of Canterbury, Bishop of Bristol, "and Archdeacon of Gloucester. Rights of the Crown reserved.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for levying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or a sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or sold within the Town of Greenock and Baronies of Easter and Wester greenock, and Finnart, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. PR. [A Duty of Excise granted to the Town for 31 Years.]

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the better regulating the Navigation of the River Avon, running through the Counties of Warwick, Worcester and Gloucester; and for ascertaining the Rates of water carriage upon the said River.

PR.

WHEREAS THE River Avon hath for many Years past been made navigable from the River Severn, through Part of the Counties of Gloutesler and Worcester, to or beyond the Borough of Stratford in the County of Warwick, for Boats, Barges, ldghters and other Vessels, for the better supplying the said several Counties with Pit Coal, Iron, and other Goods and Commodities, for the public Good of the said Counties, whereby the Trade in those Parts hath been very much enlarged and increased: ' whereas frequent Disputes have arisen between the Owners and Proprietors of the said Navigation, ' and the Persons navigating thereupon, touching the Rates of Tonnage of Coal, and other Goods and Merchandise carried thereon; for Remedy whereof, and for the ascertaining the Rates of such Tonne

for the future, and to the End and Intent the said River Avon may for ever hereafter be continued and preserved navigable, for the Encouragement of Trade, and the Benefit and Advantage of the Public 1 in general; and that the Locks, Weirs, Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes, Dams, floodgates and other Engines, may for the future be kept in good and sufficient Order and Repair, and the Rents and Out goings for Lands cut away, and other Rents, may be raised, and paid to the Persons inti tied to receive the same May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, V

"River Avon declared to be a free River. Rates of Tonnage to be paid for Goods carried on the River. "No public Wharf to be kept, for unlading Goods for Sale, between eve/hatn and Harrington Sluices. £< Royalties, isfc. reserved. Owner answerable for Damage done by his Veiled. Rates to be paid by Vessels passing through the Sluice at Tewkesbury into the Severn, and through the Sluice at Evesham and

L "at

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 40., 367

"at every Weir. Proprietors of the Navigation to keep the River cleansed, csv. Justices to determine Differences concerning the Navigation, C in a summary Way.'

CAP. XL

An act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Spirituous Liquors, and upon Licences for retailing the same; and for repealing the Act of the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, entitled, An act for granting a Duty to his Majesty to be paid by Distillers upon Licences to be taken out by them for retailing Spirituous Liquors 3 and for the more effectually restraining the Retailing of distilled Spirituous Liquors and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of British made Spirits; and that the Psrish of St. Mary le Bon, in the County of Middlesex, shall be under the Inspection of the Head Office of Excise.

vlfhere AS the immoderate Drinking of distilled Spirituous Liquors by Persons of the meanest For former Lams e and lowest Sort, hath of late Years increased, to the great Detriment of the Health and Morals concerning spiri e of the common People; and the same hath in great measure been owing to the Number of Persons who 'ftfftfftftfr have obtained Licences to retail the same, under Pretence of being Distillers, and of those who have ft I ftjft presumed to retail the same without Licence, more especially in the Cities of London and Westminster, the 22 Car. 2. C 4.

borough of Southwark, and other Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, contrary to the good and wholesome Laws heretofore made for preventing thereof: And whereas we your majesty's dutiful and C^'M sft loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, ever attentive to the Preservation 7 g jp ft C

and Health of your majesty's subjects, have taken this great Evil into our serious Consideration, and 3o. s£fg jr.

proposed such Laws and Provisions as appear to us to be most likely to put a flop to the same; but it mays C. 9so happen, that in Consequence of the necessary Regulations for that Purpose, there may accrue a 11 ^3 ^.4' 4 Failure or Deficiency in the respective Funds to which the Duties charged upon Spirituous Liquors and jft

Distillers Licences, were appropriated and applicable: 'Now, for the more effectual restraining such y?. 2. C 14". Abuses. to the End that such Failure or Deficiency may be made good, and that the public Faith, fo4^fc». C 12. cfiential to the well-being of this Kingdom, may be supported, we do most humbly beseech your Majesty, 12 rlm.f. 2. that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice "ft \ftft J and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afternbled, j ff, sc." and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred 1. is. n and fifty-one, there shall be raised, levied, collected.and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, <?» ' C 3c for the several Kinds of Spirituous Liquors herein after mentioned, specified and enumerated (over and 2 jfty j above all Duties, Charges and Impositions by any former Act or Acts of Parliament thereupon respectively fft J j \\\ let, rated, and imposed) the several Rates and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned and expressed; \ eft.z. C 23. is to say, 10 Geo. 2. c. 17*.

11 Geo. 2. tm

15 Geo. 2. c. 25, 16 Geo. .2. vs. 17 Geo. 2. c. 17. 19 Geo. 2. c. 12. 20 Geo. 2. c. 39. Additional Duties on Spirituous Liquors.

For every Gallon of Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from any Sort of Drink or Wad), brewed or made from any Sort of Malt or Corn, or from Brewers Wall) or Tilts, or any Mixture with such Brewers Wash or L ilts, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, three Halfpence.

For every Gallon of Strong Waters, or Aqua litre, made for Sale of the Materials aforesaid, or any of them, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, fourpence halfpenny.

For every Gallon of Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from Cyder, or any Sort or Kind of britiji) Materials, except those before mentioned, or any Mixture therewith, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, one Penny three Farthings.

For every Gallon of Spirits made for Sale from Cyder, or any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except those before mentioned, to be paid by the Distillers or imakers thereof, threepence Halfpenny.

II. And, for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, raising, levying and securing the Rates and Duties in Duties by this act imposed on the said Spirituous Liquors, and preventing Frauds therein, Be it further be u, lder enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Rates and Duties by this act granted, as areoftftcommf/ charged upon Spirituous Liquors made, extracted and manufactured in, or imported into England, Wales, (loners of Excise or the Town of Bewick upon Tweed, shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners and a England, Officers of his Majesty's Revenues of Excise in England for the Time being 3 and such of the said Rates, 'n,

and Duties as are imposed by this act upon Spirituous Liquors made, extracted and manufactured in, or quee" s" imported into Scotland, shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners and Officers ofthtre.

Excise in Scotland for the Time being: and the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, have hereby Power, by Commission under their respective Hands and Seals, to constitute and appoint under them such Officers as shall be necessary in that Behalfand all the Moneys arising by theuiftt laid Duties in Great Britain, or any. Part thereof (the. necessary Charges of.raising and accounting for the 1 'e "ies tc

same

be paid into the.

368 C 40. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 175r.

Exchequer, di same excepted) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his majehy's Exchequer at jvefl ilindiroinotherm\nj}cr^ distinddly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenues, subject and liable to the

1.1m. if? of the famcufes and Purposes respectively as the present Duties on Spirituous Liquors and Licences are now liable and appropriated unto.

III. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twentieth Year of his Majesty's ' Reign, (entitled, An Act for granting a Duty to his Majesty to be paid by Distillers upon Licences taken out by than for retailing Spirituous Liquors) it is enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, it should be lawful to and for the several Distillers within the Cities of London and Westminster, Borough of Southwark, or Weekly Bills of Mortality, to take out

Licences from his Majesty's Commissioners of Excise for retailing Spirituous Liquors; and the said Commissioners were thereby authorised and required to grant such Licences to every Distiller and Di 4 fillers within the Limits aforesaid, who hold apply for the same, upon Payment of five Pounds for eery such Licence, which were to be renewed yearly, upon Payment of the like Sum of five Pounds, under certain Restrictions in the said recited Act mentioned: And whereas the permitting Distillers to take out Licences for the retailing Spirituous Liquors, has greatly tended to increase the drinking ofspi rituous Liquors, many of whom nave wilfully permitted and suffered the same to be tippled and drank

in their Shops, contrary to the Direction of the said Add of the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's

the Duty of 51.1 Reign Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day ftilprl^or U June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, the Duty of five Pounds payable by every di{filler for cehcai towa'i) a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors by Retail, shall cease, determine and be no longer paid; and that no re^aied, 'Distiller shall have a Licence, or be permitted to sell any Spirituous Liquors, mixed or unmixed with any Ingredients, by Retail, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one.

Penalties of the

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal ftid Act, to be or vacate the several Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by the said Add of the twentieth Year of his said pre ftik.n Force. sent majesty's Reign.

After 25 March V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu and stead of the said Duty of five

1752, sn addi Pounds, granted and directed to be raised by the said Add made in the twentieth Year of his said present

stot^te h/d Reign, and which is hereby repealed as aforesaid, there hall, from and after the twenty-fifth

cn Licences to ot' March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, be raised, levied, collected and paid unto his

retail Spirituous Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of twenty Shillings per Annum for every Licence Liquors. that shall be taken out by any Person or Persons for the retailing Spirituous Liquors, pursuant to the Directions of the Act of Parliament made in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (entitled, tg Geo. z. C 8. An Act for repealing certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences for retailing the same; and for laying other Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences to retail the said Liquors) and of this Add, or either of them; which said additional Duty of twenty Shillings hall from Time to Time be paid down in like manner, and at the same Time, and be raised, levied, colledded and paid by the same Means and Methods, and under the like Penalties, as the Duty upon Licences to be granted by virtue of the said Add made in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, is directed to be raised, levied, colledded and paid.

Powers, C

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, given by any Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things which in and by to be in Force' 311 Add made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Kin; Chari s the Second, (entitled. An Act for taking with regard to away the Court of jfards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and theft Duties, for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof) or by any other Law now in Force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale or other Liquors are provided, settled or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raiding, levying, colledding, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detedding and punishing Frauds relating thereto (not other wise altered by this Add) hall be exercised, praddifed, applied, used imposed, levied, recovered and put in Execution, for the securing, enforcing, managing, raiding, levying, colledding, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering and paying the Duties and Penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, detedding and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present Add.

icceo. 2, C S,

VII. And whereas by an Add made in the sixteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, That no Licence shall be granted to any Person or Persons whatsoever for selling by Retail any Spirituous LI 4 quors or Strong Waters whatsoever, except to such Persons only who shall keep Taverns, Viddualling houses, Inns, coffee houses or alehouses; that if any such Licences shall be granted to any other Persons than as aforesaid, the same are thereby declared void to all Intents and Purposes: it is thereby also enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall presume or offer to retail any of the said Spiri tuous Liquors, without taking out such Licence as is therein mentioned, and renewing the same yearly,

in manner therein mentioned, he, lie or they shall respectively forfeit and lofc the Sum of ten Pounds for each Offence; and in case such Person or Persons shall refuse or negledd to pay the said Sum of ten Pounds, the same being lawfully demanded, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace or any County, Riding, Division, City or Liberty, upon Information upon Oath being made before him or them, of such Refusal or Negledd, by Warrant under his or their Hand and

Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Person or Persons to the House of Correction for the County,

Riding,

Revenue.

ro Geo. C 39*

369

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 40.

Riding, Division, City or Liberty wherein such Person or Persons shall reside, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for the Space of two Months, to be reckoned from the Day of the Paid Commir nient; and the Person or Persons shall not be discharged, until he, she or they shall have paid the said Sum of ten Pounds, or until the full Expiration of the said two Months; and that nothing in the said Act shall extend, or be construed to enable any Person or Persons to sell any Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters by Retail, unless such Person or Persons be first licensed to sell Ale or Spirituous Liquors, by two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City or Liberty wherein such Person or Persons shall sell the said Liquors, under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices:

whereas by one other Act made in the seventeenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, it is enabled, That '7 Geo. 2. C

in case where a Licence shall have been granted for retailing Spirituous Liquors, to any Person who shall "

the Time of granting such Licence, keep a i avern, victualling house, Inn, coffee house or Ale ' house, if such Person so licensed, shall afterwards, during the Time of continuing such Licence, exercise the Trade of a Dilliller, Grocer or Chandler, or keep a Brandy Shop or Shops for Sale of any Spi ' rituous Liquors, the Licence granted in every such Case shall be void; and such Persons retailing Spin'*tuous Liquors afterwards shall forfeit ten Pounds for every such Oficncc, notwithstanding such Licence so obtained as aforesaid; that no Licence fur retailing Spirituous Liquors shall authorise and empower any Person, to whom the same may be granted, to sell such Spirituous Liquors in any other Place, except in such Houses or Places thereunto belonging, wherein he, she or they shall inhabit and dwell, at the Time of granting such Licence: And whereas it may be doubted, whether the said Penalty of ten Pounds can The of be recovered within the Limits of the Head Office of Excise in onden, before a Justice or Justices of nfed°^eu"; ]j1si ' Peace; 'Be it hereby declared and enabled, That the said ten Pounds Penalty may be recovered; and any may he recovered Person retailing dillilled Spirituous Liquors without a Licence, within the Limits of the said Head Office, before any may be convicted before any Justice of the Peace for the City, County or Liberty where the Offence hath insti'e been or shall be committed, as well as before the Commissioners of Excise; and that such Penalty shall not be re^ccd'b". in any Case, either by the said Commissioners or Juflires of the Peace, be mitigated or reduced below thej0w 5].

Sum of five Pounds.

VIII. And for the further Reffiribtion of such Licences, and the granting thereof, be it enacted by the to be LI authority aforesaid, That no Licence for the selling by Retail of Spirituous Liquors shall be granted,

within the Limits of the Head Office of Excise in London, but to such as shall occupy a Tenement or Te to church' nements.of the Yearly Value of ten Pounds or upwards, and for which they shall accordingly be rated and pocr. pay in the Parish Rates; nor to any Person in any other Part of the Kingdom, where there are Rates to Church and Poor, but to such as shall be afieffed and pay to the Church and Poor in the several Parishes and Places in which they shall be respectively licensed; that no Licence shall be of any Avail to any Person not so qualified, or for any longer ime than the Person so licensed shall be qualified as aforesaid, but shall be absolutely void.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person not authorised by Law, shall re Penalty on uni

tah any Spirituous Liquors, such Person shall not only be subject to the Penalties now in Being for such 7"

Offence of retailing Spirituous Liquors without Licence, but all the dillilled Spirituous Liquors that shall ohvnce then, or at any Time or Times afterwards, within six Calendar Months after Conviction for such Offence, '

be found in the Custody of such Offender, or in the House, Lodgings, Shop or Warehouse where such Offence shall be committed, or any Court, Yard, Ground or Place occupied therewith, whether then in the Occupation of such Offender or not, or in the Occupation of any other Person whomsoever, shall and may be seized by Warrant of the said Commissioners, or of any Justice or Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions; and the same shall, by virtue of such Warrant, forthwith, on finding the same, be flaved or otherwise destroyed; which Purpose any Peace or Parish Officer, authorised by such Warrant as aforesaid, shall have Power at any Time within the Space of six Months after Conviction as aforesaid, to enter such Places and break open Doors, if not opened on Demand; and if any Person who Penalty hath been or hereafter shall be convicted of any such Offence, shall, after such Conviction, again offend in ort^ce; like manner, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners or Justices respectively, before whom such Offender shall be convicted of such subsequent Offence, as well to inllibt the Penalties by any former Law to be inflibted for fuel) Offence, as also to commit such Offender to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, and also (if they shall think fit) to order such Offender to be whipped; and in case third off. r.ce any Person who shall have been convicted of such subsequent Offence as aforesaid, shall offend again in like Felony, manner, such farther Offence shall be deemed Felony; and the Offender being indibled, and lawfully con and the oip n vibled thereof, shall suffer as in Cases of Felony, and may, by the Justices of the Peace of the County or dirj°.be Place where such Felony shall be committed, at their General or Quarter sessions (who are hereby impow °' cred to hear and determine such Felony) be ordered to be transported to any of his Majesty's Plantations, for any Time not exceeding seven Years.

X. And for the better Discovery and Punishment of such Offenders as aforesaid. Be it enacted by the com. r.htioners Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise, and Justice? of the

Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, or any one or more of such Justices, upon Oath made before vwj'n:; him or them, of any Offence committed against this Act, or any other Law in Force for restraining orr btlenct, regulating the retailing of distilled Spirituous Liquors, to grant their Warrant to any of the Peace Officers, or other Parish Officers of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall be sworn to have been committed, to enter and search the House, Lodgings, Shop, Warehouse, Cellars and other Places where such Offences shall be sworn to be committed, orin the Occupation of the Person sworn to b guilty thereof,

---

370 C. 40. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

and the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, authorized by such Warrant, shall and may enter such Houses, Lodgings, Shops, Warehouses and other Places, and break open the Doors thereof, in case they be not forthwith opened upon Demand, and search for and seize all such distilled Spirituous Liquors as they shall there find, and detain the same until the Matter of the said Offence shall be heard and determined; and in case the Offender be convicted of such Offence, the Liquors so found shall be forthwith staved and destroyed as aforesaid, and if such Person shall not be convicted, then the same shall be restored.

[Distiller, &c. selling &c. Liquors, to be unlawfully retailed or to unlicensed Retailers, to forfeit 10l. and treble the Value.]

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Distiller or other Person shall knowingly sell or deliver, or cause to be sold and delivered by his Servants or others, directly or indirectly, any Quantity of distilled Spirituous Liquors to any Person, to the end that the same may be unlawfully retailed, or unto any unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, such Distiller or other Person shall forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Pounds, and also treble the Value of all such Spirituous Liquors so sold or delivered;

[Application of the Penalty.]

---

Retailer difeo \ cring and con \ lining the Oilfiller, 'entitled to his Share of

one Moiety thereof to the King, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as will sue for the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at u^ejlininster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, by aistion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no eftoin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of.law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and if any Person guilty of retailing diffilled Spirituous Liquors shall discover the Distiller or other Person who shall have knowingly supplied him with such Liquors as aforesaid, and shall prosecute such Distiller or other Person for the same, without Fraud or wilful Delay, until be be convicted thereof, such Prosecutor shall not only be in titled to his said Share of the Penalty, but shall also be indemnified against all Penalties and Forfeitures in t. ie Penalty, and curred by him before the Commencement of such his Prosecution, for selling Spirituous Liquors without indemnified. Licence.

No Debt under

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of tuous jtuot" 7ilty one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, no Person or Persons whatsoever, shall be intided unto or eout acted atone maintain any Cause, aceon or Suit for, or recover either in Law or Equity, any Sum or Sums of Mo tune, recover ney, Debt or Demands whatsoever, for or on account of any Spirituous Liquors, unless such Debt shall otic, a C have really been and bona sicle contracted at one Time, to the Amount of twenty Shillings or upwards;

nor shall any particular article.or Item in any Account or Demand for distilled Spirituous Liquors be allowed or maintained, where the Liquors delivered at one Time, and mentioned in such Article or Item, shall not amount to the full Value of twenty Shillings at the least, and that without Fraud or Covin; and where no Part of the Liquors so sold or delivered shall have been returned or agreed to be returned directly or indirechy; and in case any Retailer of Spirituous. Liquors, with or without a Licence, shall take or receive any Pawn or Pledge from any Person or Persons whatsoever, by way of Security for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money owing by such Person or Persons for such Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, every such Person or Persons offending herein shall forfeit and lose the Sum of forty Shillings for each and every Pawn or Pledge so taken in or received by him or them, to be levied and recovered by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace where the Offence is committed; and that one. Moiety thereof shall be to the Use of the Poor of the Pariftt where such Offence is committed, and the

Owner may re other Moiety to the Informer or Informers; and the Person or Persons to whom any such Pawn or Pledge «, vc, h, pl«dge.j6th.or{ha]/be]oi?g, shall - -'-

it had never been pledged.

---

[No Licence to be granted for retailing Spirituous Liquors within Gaols, Houses of Correction or Workhouses.]

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Licence shall be granted for the retailing of Spirituous Liquors within any Gaol, Prison, House of Correction, Work-house, or House of Entertainment for any Parish Poor, and that all Licences granted or to be granted, contrary to this Provision, shall be void and of no Effect from and after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one;

[Keeper, &c. suffering Spirituous Liquors to be used there, &c.]

and if any Gaoler, Keeper or Officer of any Gaol, Prison or House of Correction, or any Governor, Master or Officer of any Workhouse or House for the Entertainment of any Parish Poor, shall sell, use, lend or give away, or knowingly permit or suffer any Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters to be sold, used, lent or given away, in any such Gaols, Prisons or Houses of Correction, or brought into the same; other than and except such Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters as shall be prescribed or given by the Prescription and Direction of a regular Physician, Surgeon or Apothecary, and to be applied in pursuance of such Prescription, from the Shop of some regular Apothecary;

[to forfeit 100l.]

every such Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, Master or other Officer, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to such Person or Persons as will sue for the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information; wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed;

[and for a second Offence, to forfeit his Office.]

and in case any such Gaoler or other Officer, being convicted thereof as aforesaid, shall again offend in like manner, and be thereof a second Time lawfully convicted, such second Offence shall be deemed a Forfeiture of his Office.

[Justices, upon Information that Liquors are kept, &c. in such Houses, may enter and search, impower any Constable so to do.]

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or any one of them, upon Information upon Oath, That any such Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters are kept and disposed of in any such Gaol, Prison, House of Correction, Workhouse or House of Entertainment for Parish Poor, in Great Britain, to enter and search, or to authorize and impower any Constable, Headborough or other Peace Officer of the Parish where any such Places are situated, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to enter and search any such Gaol, Prison, House of Correction,

---

Retailer taking a Pledge for Liquors, to forfeit 40 s.

Application of the Penalty,

is, shall have the same Remedy for recovering such Pawn, or the Value thereof, as if pledged.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Licence shall be granted for the of Spirituous Liquors within any Gaol, Prison, House of

liqurs aic kept, C in such Housey, may enter and search,

oiimpower any Constable so to do.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II.

C 40. 371

A.D. 175.1.

work house or House of Entertainment foi Parish Poor 5 and m case any such Spu ltuous Liquors orand foize and Strong Waters shall he found therein (except such as are direhed to be used medicinally as aforesaid) it Have the same, shall and may be lawful for such Constable, Headborough or Overseer of the Poor, to seize such Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, and to cause the same to be forthwith staved and destroyed.

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall carry or bring, or attempt or persons carrying endeavour to carry or bring any distilled Spirituous Liquors (except to be used in the way of Medicine as&c. Liquors into herein before mentioned) into any Gaol, Prison, House of correhion, work house or House of enter such Houses tainment for Parish Poor; and if any Person or Persons shall offend therein, it shall be lawful for the

Gaoler, Keeper, Master or Chief Officer of such Gaol, Prison, House of correhion, work house or House of Entertainmefit for Parish Poor, or his or their Servants, to apprehend such Person or Persons and to carry him, her or them before a Justice of the Peace of the County, Division, City, Town Corrt0 be taken be porate or Liberty, where such Gaol, Prison, House of Correction, work house or House of entertain fore a justice; ment for Parish Poor is situate (who is hereby empowered to hear and determine such offence in a summary Way, and to administer an Oath to the witne fies); and if by the Oath of one credible witr.efs orand on Convic - otherwise, he shall convih such Person or Persons of such Offence, he dial forthwith commit such offen tl0.n> to be 90m der or Offenders to Prison, or to the House of Correction, there 'to be kept in Custody for any Time notu'^e exceeding.three Months, without Bail or Mainprize; unless such Offenders respectively shall immediately in 201. nor Id's pay down such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty Pounds, and not less than ten Pounds, asthan 10l. the Justice shall impose upon such Offenders severally, as their Fines; to be paid, one Moiety to the Inapplication of former, and the other Moiety to the Hie of the Poor of such Gaol, Prison, House of Correction, work lliefor eiture* house or House of Entertainment* for Parish Poor.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Gaoler, Keeper, Master and Chief Officer of every Gaol, Prison, House of Correction, work house and House of Entertainment

for any Parish Poor, shall on or before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, A Copy of the procure one.or more Copy or Copies of the three preceding Clauses, to be printed or fairly written, and, h[es preced!ns and hung up in one of the moult public Places of his Gaol, Prison, House of Correction, work house or House of Entertainment for Parish Poor, and renew the same from Time to Time, so that it may be al - gs &CJP Iil ways kept fair and legible; on pain of forfeiting the Sinn of forty Shillings for every wilful Default, to be under Penalty levied by Warrant of any Justice of the Peace of the County, Division, City, Town corporate or liberty of 40s. where such Gaol, Prison, House of Correction, work house Or House of Entertainment for Parish Poor, shall be situate, to be granted on Conviction of such Default, in a luminary Way, before such Justice, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer); and it shall and may be lawful for every Justice of Peace, to enter into any Gaol, Prison, Justice may de house of Correction, work house or House of Entertainment for Parish Poor, within the Limits of histnd a jurisdiction, and demand a Sight of such Copy so hung up as aforesaid; and if the same shall not be ft me

forthwith shown to him so hung up in some public Place, fair and legible as aforesaid, such Justice shall be not fair, may and may immediately convict such Gaoler, Keeper, Master or Officer of such Default, and so, from Timeconvia the to Time, as often as he shall think fit; one Moiety of the said Penalty to be paid to the Informer, and Gaoler, C the other Moiety (or the whole if there be no Informer) to the Use of the Poor of such Gael, Prison, Application of House of Correction, work house or House of Entertainment for Parish Poor.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every his Majesty's Justices J, JJ1CES totrauf of the Peace within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, or within the LI - q^j 'the mits of the Head Office of Excise in London, shall once in every Month transmit to the Clerk of the Peace Peace, 'a Certifi for the County where they act, a Certificate of all Persons convicted before them respectively, for any cate of Persons Offences committed again! this or any former Act or ahs of Parliament, relating to Spirituous Liquors convicted,

or Strong Waters, or for licensing the Retailers thereof; who is hereby authorised and required to keep "be and enter the same among the public Records of the Court of the Quarter sessions of the Counties respee 3j" D tively, where such convihion shall be so certified; which Certificates shall be Evidence upon any Information direcfed by this or any other AH relating to Spirituous Liquors.

XVIII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the eighth and ninth Years of the's&9w 3 ' Reign of his Majesty King William the Third, (entitled, An Act for repealing a Clause in a former AW'IS'

relating to Party Guiles, and for the better preventing Frauds and abv.fes of Brewers, and others charge able with the Duties of Excfe;,) it was (amongst other Things) enacted, That no common Distiller or Maker cf Low Wines, Spirits or Strong Waters for Sale or Exportation, should at any Time after the e tenth Day of April one thousand six hundred and ninety seven, ereh or setup any 'Pun, Calk, Wash batch, Copper, Still or other Vessel for the brewing, making or keeping any W orts, Wash, Low Wines,

Spirits or Strong Waters, nor alter or enlarge any Tun, Cask, Washbatch, Copper, Still or other

veite] already erehed or setup, nor should have or keep anyprivate or concealed Tun, Cask, Wash batch, Copper, Still or other Vessel, nor any private or concealed Warehouse, Storehouse, Cellar or

other Place for the brewing, making, laying or keeping any Worts, Wash, Low Wines, Spirits or Strong Waters, without first giving Notice thereof at the" next Office of Excise, within the Limits or jurisdihion whereof he or they did of should inhabit; upon pain of forfeiting for every Tun, Cask

Copper, Still, Warehouse, Storehouse, Cellar or other Place, so erehed or setup, altered or enlarged, kept private or concealed, the Sum of twenty Pounds; and that all and every Person or Persons in whole Occupation any House, out house or other Place whatsoever, was or should be,

where any such Private or concealed Tun, Cask, Washbatch, Copper, Still, Warehouse, Storehouse

Cellar should be discovered or sound, should also forfeit and iofe the Sum of fifty Pounds: And

372 C. 40. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

Vessels for DU Hillation, See,

whereas the Number of Casks and other Vessels used by Distillers being very great, and the Officers not being empowered to mark the same, so as to be enabled to distinguish the entered Vessels from those that are not entered, it is impossible for the Gauger to prove the particular Vessel unentered, and consequently to convidf the Offender, agreeable to the Intent and Meaning of the aforesaid Acts: whereas Distillers at present are not confined to keep their after runnings or Feints from the second extraction in any particular Vessels, which makes it impossible for the Gauger to keep an exadf Stock of the said Afterrunnings or Feints: And whereas fonte Distillers taking the Opportunity of the Officers Absence, do frequently charge their Stills, either in the Whole or in Part, with Wall privately brought in, and when the Officers find the Still so charged, the Distillers allege, by way of Excuse, that such Stills are charged with after runnings or Feints, which the Officers are not able to disprove, by reason of their not having an exact Account of the said after runnings or Feints; in which Cases the Revenue is greatly defrauded by the Distillers obtaining Relief of the Duty wherewith they are charged upon their Complaints of an Overcharge Therefore to remedy such Defects, and the better to prevent such Distiller to make Frauds; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of July one Entry of all thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, every Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for Safe or Exportation, shall within ten Days after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and all Persons who shall, after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, become Distillers or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale or Exportation, shall ten Days before he, she or they distill or make any Spirituous Liquors, make a true and particular Entry in wri.ing at the next Office of Excise, within the Limits whereof his, her or their work house, Stillhouse, Storehouse, ware house or other Place used for distilling or keeping Waft, Low Wines or Spirits, is or shall be situate, ef all and every Still, Copper, Tun, 'Washbatch, Calk or other Vessel which he, she or they shall make use of for the brewing, distilling, working, making, laying or keeping any Worts, Wash, Low ines. Spirits or Strong Waters, and also of the Casks or Vessels which every such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale or Exportation as aforesaid, shall make use of, for the brewing, holding or keeping of the after runnings or Feints from the second Extraction, which shall from Time to Time be drawn from every such Still, (which said last mentioned Casks or Vessels shall not at any one Time exceed two in Number, at any such Distillers or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale or Exportation) and also of all such new Utensils as such Distillers or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale or Exportation

shall make use of for the Purposes aforesaid; on pain that every such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale or Exportation, shall forfeit and lose for every such Still, Copper, Tun, Washbatch, Cask or other Vessel herein before mentioned, which shall be made use of and not entered as aforesaid, te Distillertofliew Sum of fifty Pounds; and every such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale or Exportation

the Ganger as aforesaid, is hereby required to show to the Gauger or Officer of Excise, who surveys his, her or their

Workhouse, Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse or other Place used for distilling or keeping Wash, Low Wines or Spirits, every such Still, Copper, Tun, Washbatch, Cask or other Vessel so entered, and he the said Officer is hereby required to mark the same with a particular, distinest and durable Mark; and every Still, Copper, Tun, Washbatch, Calk, and any Vessel which shall at any Time or Times be used by any such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines and Spirits for Sale or Exportation, for any of the purposes aforesaid, without being so shewn or marked, shall be deemed a Vessel or Utensil of which no Entry, has been made; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall at any Time or Times hereafter, after such Still, Copper, Tun, Washbatch, Calk or other Vessel, shall have been so marked by such Officer as aforesaid, rub out or deface any such Mark so fixed upon any such Still, Copper, I'un, Washbach, Cask or other Veiled by such Officer as aforesaid, he, she or they so offending, mail form cry such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XIX. And in order to enable the Gauger the better to detect such Frauds, by having proper Proof to lay before the respective Courts where such and other Offences against the Laws relating to these Duties thcganprmay shall be heard and determined; Be it further enacted, That from and after the said first Day of July one ute .1 Sample of thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, it shall and may be lawful for any Gauger or Officer of excise at lo V wins ami any Time or Timm to take a Sample of such Low Wines or Spirits, and of Feints and Spent Wash, paying for such Spirits or Low Wines, after the Rate of ten Shillings per Gallon; and for the said Feints and Spent Wash, after the Rate of one Shilling per Gallon; and in case any such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale or Exportation, or any Workman or Servant belonging to him, her or Penalty of ob them shall refuse to permit such Gauger or Officer to take such Samples as aforesaid, or shall any ways ftrnfhngofficers J. irider or obstrut him or them in taking such Samples, such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits

Vessels for brew ing or keeping the after run jv ngs or Feints of the second extraction, not to exceed two 5 Penalty.

very Still and Vessel.

Feints, p.iyin] for the same.

therein.

for Sal XX

e or Exportation, shall for every such Offence n. spectively forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty 1 X And whereas Distillers and Makers of Lovv Wines or Spirits for Sale or Exponati

Pounds, ation, very

frequently take in Waft, when p ivately prepared, and charge their Stills in the Officers Absence, and

- i, mines of Wash, Low Wines and Spirits E The better to prevent fuel

1 by these Means run great Qr Frauds for the future, be it further enacted,

That from and after the said first Da

fucm

of July one thousand

Distiller CO give Notice before he receives an itkjittd Wash

under Penalty

vt'

seven hundred and fifty-one, every Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale or Exportation, within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall, twenty-four hours.at least, and in other Parts V sir of Great Britain, forty-eight Hours at least, before fie, she or they receive any Quantity of Wine, Cyder, Sugar, Water or any kind of fermented Wafti whatsoever, into his, her or their Custody, give Notice to the Ganger or Officer of Excise, who surveys his, her or their Workhouse, of the particular Quantity of such Wine, Cyder, Sugar, Water or any kind of fermented Wash, and the Species thereof, and of the Time when he, she or they shall intend to receive the same into his, her or their Custody, oil pain.of forfeiting and losing for every Offence in not giving such Notice, the Sum of list) Pounds. XXL

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 40. 373

XXI. And for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Spirits, drawn or made in Great Britain, from the Materials aforesaid, or any of them; Be it et.acted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Drawback of tfce said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, there shall be a Drawback or Allowance Nation

of the several and respective Duties charged by this Act, on such Spirits so drawn or made in Great Britain, ot spr; ts made which shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas; and upon Oath being made before any two or more of incrcaibriuin, the Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place from whence any such Spirits are intended to be exported, that the Duties of the same are duly entered and paid, and that the same are exported for Merchandise to be spent beyond the Seas; and upon producing a Certificate under the Hands of the Officers of Excise for the Port or Place where such Spirits were shipped, of the Quantities so shipped, and that the lime were shipped in the Presence of such Officers; the Distiller or Distillers, or other Person or Persons exporting the same, shall be allowed or paid back by the Commissioners of Excise, or their Collector, for the Port or Place where such Spirits shall be shipped off, the several Duties charged thereupon by this Act accordingly.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Brewers, rn july one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, no Person or Persons whatsoever, being a common Brewer k<wpcrn diflt -- of Ale or Beer, or Innkeeper, Distiller or other Seller of or Dealer in any Kind of Spirituous Liquors, or spirits'^c? who is, or are»or shall be interested in any of the said Trades or bufineftes, shall, during such Time as he, ot to act as ju or they shall be such common Brewer, Innkeeper, Distiller or other Seller of or Dealer in Spirituous LI ftices relating w quors, or interested in any of the said Trades or Bufinefics, be capable or have any Power to act, or shall the distjiery, be directly or indirectly concerned in acting 2s a justice of the Peace, in any Matter or Thing whatsoever,

which shall any ways concern the Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament, in any wise relating to Distillers or Makers of Low Wines, Spirits or Stroitg Waters for Sale, or to the Duty or Duties imposed upon Low Wines, Spirits or Strong Waters, or any other Kind of Spirituous Liquors whatsoever, or to the granting Licences to the Retailers of Spirituous Liquors.

+XXIII. And whereas it has been doubted whether the several Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Punishments and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things which were provided, settled, directed, established or imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament made since the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, relating to the selling Spirituous Liquors without Licence, might be lawfully exercised, imposed,

inflictej and recovered against any Person for retailing Spirituous Liquors, in less Quantity than two Gallons, in regard the Quantity of Spirituous Liquors which might be lawfully sold without Licence, without subjecting the Seller thereof to be deemed a Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, is different in the said Act of the sixteenth year of his present Majesty's Reign, from that in 1(5 Geo. 2. e, S.

the seventeenth Year of his said majesty's Reign, (entitled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sur 17 eo'; C 1'

plus or Remainder of the Moneys arisen or to arise by the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act of the last session of Parliament; and for explaining and amending the said Actin relation to the Retailers of such Liquors; and for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East indies; ') Now in order to put an end to such Doubts, Be it enacted and declared, That all and The Powers ir.i every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Punishments and Forfeitures, 1>enlln7l&c' Clauses, Matters and Things, provided, settled, directed, established or imposed, by any Act or Acts made since of Parliament made since the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, relating to the selling Spiri 6 Geo. 2. re tuous Liquors without Licence, (except the Forfeiture or Penalty of one hundred Pounds imposed by an lacing t the fel act of the ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Re Spirituous toilers of Spirituous Liquors; and for licensing the Retailers thereof,) may for the future, and from the Time Exception of the commencement of the said Act of Parliament, made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, might have been lawfully exercised, practised, applied, used, imposed, inflicted, Lvied and 10 be in Force, recovered, in regard to all and every Person and Persons that have offended, or shall offend against the said Acts of the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of his said majesty's Reign, or this Act, or any or either of them, in like manner as they might have been, in relation to Persons offending against the said several and respective Acts, or any of them, made since the sixth Year of his said present Majesty's Reign.

XXIV. And whereas by a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the ninth Year of his present9CC C J3'

Majesty, (entitled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, and for liecnfing the Retailers thereof) it is enacted, That nothing in the same Act contained shouk! extend to enable any Person to sell any Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters by Retail, unless such Person be first LI ' censed by two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Person should sell the said Liquors, under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices; which Licence or Licences the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence, and no more, should be paid to the Clerks of such Justices, and no See or Sum of Money, or other Reward whatsoever, to the Clerk or Clerks of the Peace for cn tering the same, or on any oth r Account, on Pain of forfeiting five Pounds, in case any of the said Justices Clerks, or any Clerk of the Peace, should ask or receive any Fee, other than as above, on account of such Licences: And whereas by another Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the cc<j;

sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An Act for repealing certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences for retailing the same; and for laying other Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences to retail the Jaiel Liquors) the said first recited Act is in part repealed; and same Doubts having arisen, whether the said first recited Clause, limiting the Fees for Licences to two Shillings and sixpence each, be repealed or not, the Clerks of Justices of the Peace, in many Parts of this Kingdom, have taken larger lees for such Licences, contrary to the Intention of the said Act: And

374. C. 40. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

whereas no particular Method is prescribed in the same Act for the Recovery of the before mentioned Penalty of five poundsnow, to put an end to all Doubts concerning the find first recited Clause, and The Clause In the Method of suing for and recovering the said Penalty therein contained, Be it declared and enacted by strawahepv s the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Clause in the aforesaid Act of the ninth Year of his prefect an!fl?aaerksmajesty's Reigiij restraining or intending to festrain the Clerks of Justices of the Peace for asking or receiv -- fsf Licences, wing more than two Shillings and sixpence for each Licence therein mentioned, is now and shall, from be in Force. henceforth, be and remain in full Force.

pcn«lries how

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by the to be recovered, said first recited Clause imposed, final 1 or may be sued for, levied and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or by Indictment at the Affixes, or at the General or Quarter sessions of the Peace of the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall sue or prosecute for the same; in which Suits no Essoin, Wager of Law, or more than one "Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge with

qua Vita made in Scotland exempted.

any of

jicar. s. C 34

the Duties directed to be paid, levied or received as aforesaid, any Spirits made or diffilled from Malt, and retailed and confirmed within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which Spirits are commonly called and known by the Name of Aqua Sites, in that Part of the Kingdom, or to subject the Makers, Sellers and Retailers thereof, within that Part of the Kingdom, to take such Licences as are herein before directed.

XXVII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, (entitled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and tefwres in Gapite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance; and for settling a Revenue upon Lis Majesty in lieu thereof) it is amongst other Things enacted, That all Parts of the Cities of London and Westminster, ard the Borough of Southwark, and the several Suburbs thereof, and Parishes within the' Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall be under the immediate Care, Inspection and Management of the Head office of Excise in London: And whereas since the passing of the said Act, the Parish of Saint Mary U' Bon in the County of Middlesex, is greatly increased in Buildings and Inhabitants, and is contiguous to The Parish of the parishes within the said Bills of Mortality; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority afore anw blonder That the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bon shall, from and after the said first Day of July one thousand thsinfpeftion seven hundred and fifty-one, be deemed and taken, and is hereby declared to be under the immediate Care, of the Head Of inspection and Management of the said Head Office of Excise; any Law, Custom or Usage to the confix of Excise. trary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Persons affem

XXVIII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Persons, to the Number of o(fender^oi^tx)ar< or more, shall from and after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, in beattnformci^a tumultuous and riotous Manner assemble themselves to refeue any Offenders again! this or any other Act, Sic.'relating to Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or for licensing the Retailers thereof, or to assault, beat

or wound any Person or Persons who shall have given, or be about to give any Information against, or shall have discovered or given Evidence again!, or shall seize or bring to Justice any Person or Persons offending against this or any o! the said former Acts, or forcibly to oppose the Execution of any of the Powers given by this Act, that then, all and every Person or Persons so assembling, their Aiders and Abettors, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall he, and be adjudged to be guilty of Felony; and every such Felon shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Courts by and before whom he, she or they shall be convicted, shall have full Power and Authority of transporting such Felon and Felons for the Space of seven Years, to any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, upon the like Terms and Conditions as are given, directed and enacted by an Act made in the 4. Geo. 1. c. 11. fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (entitled, An Act for the further pre

to be guilty of Felony,

and transported for 7 Years,

6 Geo.

be recovered.

venting Robbery, Burglary and other Felonies; and for the more effectual Transportat ton of Felons, and unlaw 1. C fid Export: rs of Wool A ard by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First (entitled. An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies; and for "the more effectual Transportation of Felons.)

i'cnjltics how to

XXIX. And be it Further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this or any other Act relating to the Duties of Excise, or other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, shall be sued for, levied, recovered or mitigated by such Ways, Means and Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise (not otherwise directed by this Act) or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at tvethninster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform or sue for the same.

XXX. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of or by Colour of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced within the Space of three Months next after the Offence shall be committed, and shall be

limitation of Actions.

General Issue,

laid in the proper County; and such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his and their Defence; and if upon Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff" or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his Suit or Prosecution, or if Judgement be given for the Defendant or Defendants, upon Demurrer or otherwise;

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 4 r. 375

wife; then such Defendant or Defendants ball have treble Costs to him or them awarded a glim! the Plain Treble Costs, tiff or Plaintiffs.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons sued or prosecuted for P "fons sued, in anything done in or relating to the Execution of this present Act, shall be iiwitled to all the Privileges

and Benefits f r their legal defence that are provided or enacted in or by an Act of Parliament made in, ZG; 0. 2. C zg» the eleventh Year of his Majesty's Reign (entitled, An Act for the enforcing the Execution of an Act made in the ninth Year of his Majestf $ Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty on the Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof) for Persons employed in the Execution of the said Act.

XXXII. And for the Encouragement of those who hall discover Offences committed against this Act, Where the p.s. be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fuss Day of July one thousand seven naltyonconvic hundred and fifty-one, where any Person or Persons shall be lawfully convicted of any Offence in unlawfully

retailing ditlilled Spirituous Liquors, and the pecuniary Penalty hereby, or by any other Act of Par n(" L e'paid liament insifted for such Offence, shall not be paid, and cannot be levied by the Space of one Month within i Month, next ensuing the Time of such Conviction, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excile in the commif england and Scotland respectively, to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding five Pounds ll0ncq°f Qc each, to be paid to the several and respective Persons who shall appear to them to be entitled thircto as In in'or'iner/*formers, out of any Moneys in their Hands arising by any Penalties or Forfeitures for the iik.e Offences as co: vm, f sgi aforesaid, ritucus Lijm«

see further 26 Geo. 2. c. 13. 27 Geo. 2. c. 11. 31 Geo. 2. r. 36. 32 Geo. 2. c. 29. 33 Geo. 2. c. 5 ah,

CAP. XLI.

An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties upon Tobacco.

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the Laws heretofore made relating to the Importation of Tobacco rorthefi L m into Great Britain from his Majesty's Plantations in America, and for securing the Duties due and refer to 12 Car.

payable thereon upon the Importation thereof into Great Britain, and also with regard to the Exportation c 3+ 15^.

of Tobacco from Great Britain to foreign Parts, many great Frauds and Abuses are frequently contrived, 7 cf7f fc A ' committed and carried on by several ill designing Persons concerned in the different Branches of Business 04.'*

and Trade in Tobacco, to the great Prejudice of his Majesty's Revenue, and to the great Loss and Dif 7 3. C

couragement of the fair Traders, so that it is become necessary that some further Provision should be10- 10 "

{ made for the more effectual preventing the same for the future; 'Be it therefore enacted by the King's f f' g a' most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and 7 22. S Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Am', C. 13. 12 the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, when any Ship or Vessel what Am. sat. 2. t. soever, shall have taken in Tobacco at any Port or Place whatsoever within his Majesty's Plantations 1 Gea ' in America, in order to convey the same from thence into Great Britain (except such Tobacco as^p'/'tir shall be water born before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty, 'g'. 6 Gee. r. two) the Collector or Comptroller, or other chief Officer, or any two of them, employed in thee. gga.i. Management of the Customs, at such Port or other Place, where such Ship or Vessel shall have taken 021. 12 Geo. in Tobacco, shall, at and upon the clearing of every such Ship or Vessel by the proper Officer Officers of the Customs appointed for that Purpose, deliver to the Mailer, Commander or otherveffelsta kbg>rs Person taking charge of any such Ship or Vessel, a Manifest or Content in Writing, under his and their Tobacco at the Hands and Seals of Office, which shall contain a true Account of all the Tobacco loaden on board Plantations for every such Ship or Vessel, with the Number of Hogsheads, Casks, Chests and other Packages containingbri ta71' the same, and the Quantity of the Tobacco contained in each particular Hogshead, Calk, Chess and other cutwis to pwe Package, together with the Marks and Numbers seton each and every Hogshead, Calk, Chess or other the Madera Package thereof, with the Tare of each particular Hogshead, Caffe, Chess or other Package in which such Manifest with Tobacco shall be contained; and also shall, at and upon the clearing of every such Ship or Vessel as afore (he Number and said, immediately transmit a Duplicate of such Manifest or Content to the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain: And any Collector, Comptroller or other chief Officer or Officers of thea_*j trlnfmita Customs at any Port or Place in his Majesty's Plantations in America, who shall, at and upon the clearing Duplicate to the of any Ship or Vessel having Tobacco loaden on board her as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to deliver to the Commissioners! Commander or other Person taking charge of such Ship or Vessel, such Manifest or Content as's -

herein before specified and directed; who shall not, at and upon the clearing any such Ship or Vessel, ^faool^ immediately transmit a Duplicate of such Mamfefl or Content to the said respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Admiralty in his Majesty's Plantations where such Offence shall be committed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Master, Commander or other Mato tc deliver \ Person or Persons taking charge of any Ship or Vessel having Tobacco loaden on board as aforesaid, at any co!j't: 7 Portor Place whatsoever in any of his Majesty's Plantations in America as aforesaid, shall, upon his Arri '^, ivisnifeft*'" val at his Port of Discharge in Great Britain, and at the Time that he makes his Report of his Ship at the 1'- '

customhouse, deliver to the Collector of the Customs at the said Port (who is hereby required and directed to deliver the same to the land waiters appointed for the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel) the Manifest or Content of the Lading of his Ship or Vessel which he received from the Collector, Comptroller or other chief Officer of the Customs at the Port or other Place in the Plantations where he took in his Lading;

and

under Penalty of ioqj.

land waiter not

5°1.

Landing Marie to be see upon every Hogshead, C

and if any Mafier, Commander or other Person or Persons taking charge of any such Ship or Vessel, shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Manifest or Content to the Collector of the Customs, at the Time he makes his Report of his Ship at the customhouse at the Port of his Discharge, he and they shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the land waiters appointed for the bacrtto bmj"a Delivery f cvory Ship or Vessel arriving at any Port or Place in Great Britain from any of his Majesty's cd"°lh° hasten Plantations in America, having Tobacco on board her, shall not fufter any Part of the Tobacco on board teicd the mani any Ship or Vessel to be landed, until they have, from and agreeable to the Manifest delivered to them by nfr, cof the the Collector, entered into their respective Books (given them by the Directions of the Commissioners of several packages, ], is majesty's Customs for keeping Accounts of Goods by them delivered or suffered to be delivered from

on board such Ships) the said several and respective Manifests, Marks, Numbers, Weights, Tares and Contents of the several Hogsheads, Casks, Chests and other Packages, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of fifty Pounds; and the said land waiters are hereby authorised and required, upon the Landing of any such Tobacco, to cause such landing mark to be fixed and set upon every Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or other Package whatsoever containing the same, as shall be directed by the respective Commissioners of the and an Entr to Cu, as aforesaid; the said land waiters are hereby also required to enter every such landing mark in be made thereof! Bicir several Books aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day

No Debenture or of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one no Debenture shall be made forth for any Tobacco Drawback al imported into Great Britain after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and towed on Expor fifty-one, 'or any Drawback be paid or allowed for the same, when exported or entered outwards for tubtcco^be ftip Exportation to any Part or Parts beyond the Seas, unless the same and every Part thereof be shipped and ped from the F exported from the very same Port or Place at which such identical Tobacco was at first originally imported Port at which it into Great Britain, and no other; and also unless the same identical Tobacco, if unmanufactured, and nns imported, every Part thereof, be dripped and exported in the original Package, with the same Marks, in and with TJ picks'if' which it was at first imported into Great Britain, and no other, without any Alteration whatsoever being unmanufactured made in the Package (except such as shall be occasioned by necessary Cooperage for the Repair of the said Package) or any other Tobacco being put therein, or any Part of the Tobacco being reiroved or taken

out of the Package in which it was at first imported (except only ten Pounds Weight of Tobacco, which shall be allowed to be taken cut of each Hogshead, Cask, Case or other Package after the same is weighed at the Importation, as is now the Practice; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall enter any Tobacco for Exportation at any other Port or Place than that at which the same identical To portor in o hcr ^acco was imported, or in any other Cask or Package than the same in which the same unmanufactured Package" 1 C Tobacco was originally imported, or without the same Marks, all such Tobacco shall be forfeited, and no' Drawback thereupon shall be paid, or if any shall be paid, the same shall be repaid, and the Person who entered, or caused the same to be entered, shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and whoever shall knowingly export beyond the Seas any Hogshead or other Package of Tobacco, out of which more than ten Pounds Weight of Tobacco has been taken for Samples, he, (he and they so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Hogshead or other Package of Tobacco so exported.

Where uirmanu V. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared and enndted, That when any unmanufactured to ftailubedfound"c°bacco is imported in flogfheads or Casks into Great Britain from any of his Majesty's Plantations in damaged upon America, if upon the Landing and Examination thereof it shall appear, that the Tobacco contained in any Lauding, of such Hogsheads or Casks is so much damaged, that by cutting off the damaged Part thereof (for which no Duty is paid) the sound Tobacco remaining in any of such Hogsheads (for which Duty is to be paid) is under the Weight of four hundred and fifty Pounds, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Importers thereof, in the Presence of the land waiters appointed to deliver the Ship in which the same was imported, to cause all such sound Tobacco to be put together in one or more of the wat is found^same Hogsheads out of which the damaged Tobacco was taken; and the said land waiters, or other proper the same, HV" to Officers, are hereby directed and required to enter into their respective Books the true and exact Weight !h; s/s7'nd°the f at f'icfi found Tobacco put into each and every such Hogshead, with the several and respective Marks ljnd.waiter is and Numbers seton each and every such Hogshead; also to note and specify in their Books, that such 10 enter the same Hogsheads were packed and refilled in their Presence; all and every such Hogsheads of unmanufactured m hi Books, ace. Tobacco shall and may be exported from the same Ports, and no other, at which they were originally inland Debentures ported; and Debentures shall be made out, and the Drawback be paid for the Tobacco therein contained (provided the Quantity of the Tobacco in each such Hogshead amounts to four hundred and twenty-five

of entering Tobacco at any other

ard Drawback

may bs allowed pounds Weight or more) in the same Manner and Form, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Package for the same.

for the same.

Exporter to en dorft on the Coc ry, V quet, the Marks 1 '^Numbers and Weight of the Tfdjaccn when first imported,

cof

such obaceo had not been altered; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, all rnd every Person and Persons, who shall enter any unmanufactured Tobacco outwards, except unmanufactured Tobacco imported before the said twenty-ninth Day of September one though ifand seven hundred an! fifty-one, at any Port or Place in Great Britain, in order to be shipped and exported in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever to any Part or Parts beyond the Seas, shall, before the same or any Part thereof is' laden on board any Ship or Vefie) to be exported,

i endorss

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii

C 41.

377

endorsc upon the Cccquet and Bill (to be delivered to the Searcher or Searchers belonging to the Customs, and appointed to examine Tobacco hipped for Exportation) in a fair, distinct and legible Manner, the Plantation or Manifold Mark and Number, which was upon each and every Hogshead, Calk, Chest or other Package of such Tobacco, at the Time when the same was first imported into Great Britain, and allb the Landing Mark and Number which was placed and set upon each and every Hogshead, Calk,

Chest or other Package thereof, when the same was first landed in Great Britain, together With the exact Weight that each and every Hogshead, Calk, Chell, or other Package, with the Tobacco therein contained, was of at the Time of its being landed in Great Britain; and also the particular Mark and Number set upon each Hogshead, Calk, Chell or other Package thereof by the Exporter or Exporters thereof at the Time the same shall be brought to the water ftde to be hipped for Exportation, together with the then Weight which each particular Hogshead, Calk, Chest or other Package, and the Tobacco therein contained, hall be of at the Time it is so entered for Exportation; and the Searcher shall not admit any Cocq; et unless marked as aforesaid; all and every Exporter and Exporters of Tobacco hall also, from and tr viitc nff and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, write off, and tllc wc'8ht they are hereby required and directed to write off the Weight of each Hogshead, Calk, Chess or other Package of unmanufactured Tobacco by him, her or them exported from any Port of Great Britain to any apart

or Parts beyond the Seas, from the identical and particular Entry made of each and every such hog made at 1 m?drill ead, Chest or other Package of such unmanufactured Tobacco, at the Time when it was hrft imported tation, into Great Britain; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever, who after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, shall enter outwards for Exportation to any Part or Parts beyond the Seas from any Port or Ports in Great Britain, any unmanufactured Tobacco, shall neglect or refuse to endorse upon the Cocquet and Bill for the said Tobacco delivered to the Searchers, in a fair, dillinct and legible Manner, all and each and every of the several and respective Marks, Numbers and Weights herein before mentioned and described, and in the Manner and Form the same is hereby required and directed to be done, or who hall neglect or refuse to write off the Weight of each Hogshead, Cask,

Chest or other Package of unmanufactured Tobacco by him, her or them exported, from the identical Entry made thereof at the Time when the same was first imported into Great Britain, agreeable to the di redtions herein before given for that purpose; all and each and every such Person and Persons offending in under Penalty of each or either of these Cases hall forfeit and lose the Sum of five Pounds for every Hogshead, Calk, Chest, .5 cvtr, V or other Package of such unmanufactured Tobacco for each and every such Offence or Offences, to be sued hoelliea<i. for, recovered, levied and divided in the Manner herein after directed; any Law, Statute or Usage to theandnodrawbick contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and no Drawback or Debenture for or on account of the Expor or Debenture to tation thereof shall be made out, granted or paid. be granted.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons importer manu who, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, shall fafluring to import any Tobacco into Great Britain from any ol his Majesty's Plantations in America, and who shall in any wise manufacture the same, or any Part thereof, upon his, her or their own Account or Accounts, or ^e'port omm cause or procure the same, or any Part thereof, to b. manufactured for his, her or their own Account or Ac portation, the counts, by any other Person or Persons, shall (before the same, or any Part thereof, be manufactured by the Marks, Num, or Importers, or shall be delivered out by the Importer or Importers to any other Person or Per bers, and soils to be manufactured for the Account of such Importer or Importers) deliver, and they are hereby ^ho'lbeads directed and required to deliver, to the Collector or other chief Officer of the Customs at the Port or 'lnj ship's Place where such Tobacco was imported, an Account in Writing, containing the Plantation or manifest Name, C Mark and Number of every Hogshead, Cask, Chell, or other Package of Tobacco intended to be manufactured, with the Name of the Ship or Ships in which the same was imported, and the Time when, and also the Landing Mark and Number seton each Hogshead, Calk, Chell, or other Package, at the Time of their Importation into Great Britain; and also the exact W eight which all, and each, and every of such Hogsheads, Casks, Chells, or other Packages, and the Tobacco therein contained, were of at the Time of their being first landed in Great Britain, and the exact Weight the same were of at the Time of Delivery thereof to be manufactured, which Account shall be signed by such importer.or Importers, or one Account to be of his, her or their known Servants or Agents, and also by such Person or Persons to whom such Tobacco signed by theim is delivered to be manufactured; or one of his, her or their known Servants or Agents, with their several porter Pnd ma and respective Names and Places of Abode; and such Importer and Importers shall, at the Time of theirnu a u, er>&c > delivering in such Accounts as aforesaid, write off from the Entries made at the Time and Times the?

Tobacco contained in such Account was imported, and against each and every particular Ship in which the Entry, the the same was imported, the Weight of each particular Hogshead, Calk, Chell or other Package, contained Weight, ac - such Account of Tobacco intended to be manufactured as aforesaid, in the very same Manner and Form as if the same Tobacco had been delivered for Exportation; and in case any Importer or Importers penalty of neg of Tobacco shall neglect to give in such Account as aforesaid, at the Time, and in such Manner and or givings Form in all Respects, to all Intents and Purposes, as is.herein before directed and required; or in case such safe Actonn> Account shall, at the Time the lame is given in, or at any Time afterwards, appear to be false and fraudulent in any respect whatsoever, he, she or they knowingly offending in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of thirty Pounds for every Hogshead or other Package of Tobacco, an Account of which is omitted to be given as before directed, or of which a wrong Account shall know ingly be given; and the Person or Persons to whom such Tobacco shall have been delivered to be manufactured, neglecting by him, her or themselves, or by his, her or their known Servant or Agent, to sign such Account as aforesaid, or knowingly signing any fraudulent Account, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of thirty Pounds for every such Hogshead or other Package of Tobacco, of which no Account, dr ior which a fraudulent Account is knowingly given.

37^ C 41. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 175 r.

importer within

VIII. And it is hereby farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and per eel?»/saftfrxh'^ons w*10' from and after said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, b«cco'[a.the ° shall import any Tobacco into Great Britain from any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, and who Purchaser, sell or deliver the same, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall, within fourteen Days after the Delivery thereof out of his Custody, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or their Order, give and deliver to the Collector or other chief Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place where such to to give the offi bacco was imported, an Account in Writing, containing the Plantation or manifest Mark and Number of cer an Account every Hogshead, Cask, Chest or other Package of Tobacco, so sold or delivered, with the Name of the numbers3"ami hip or ^h'ps in which the same was impor.ed, and Times when, and also the Landing Mark and Number Weigh'" '*. nfl"et on each Hogshead, Cask, Chest or other Package, at the Time of their Importation into Great Britain, every Hogshead with the exact Weight which all, and each, and every such Hogsheads, Casks, Chests or other Packages, sold, and the and the Tobacco therein contained were of, at the Time of their being first landed in Great Britain; and ship sname, C the exact Weight thereof, at the Time of their Sale or Delivery to the Purchaser or Purchasers there account to be of; which Account shall be Signed by such Importer or Importers, or one of his, her or their known ser signed by the vants or Agents, and also by such Person or Persons to whom such Tobacco is sold or delivered, or one of pmpilrtcr and h's' her or their known Servants or Agents, with their several and respective Names and Places of Abode;

urchaier. anc) such Importer and Importers shall, at the Time of their delivering in such Accounts as aforesaid, write < T fromrth vrite°^' rom entr es niade at the Time and Times the Tobacco contained in such Account was imported, Entry the and against each and every particular Ship in which the same was imported, the Weight of each particular Weight, Sec. Hogshead, Cask, Chest or other Package of Tobacco contained in such Account, in the same Manner and Penalty ofneg Form as if the said Tobacco had been delivered for Exportation; and in case any Importer or Importers of to ji ft, or giving abacco shall negleift to give in such Account as aforesaid, at the Time, and in such Manner and Form in all talfe Account. respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as herein before directed and required, or in case such Account shall at the Time the same is given in, or at any Time afterwards, appear to be lalfe or fraudulent in any respcip: whatsoever, he, she or they knowingly offending in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of thirty Pounds for every Hogshead or other Package of Tobacco, an Account of which is omitted to be given as before directed, or of which a wrong Account shall be knowingly given; and the Person or Persons to whom, or to whose Order such Tobacco shall have been sold or delivered, neglecting by him, her or themselves, or his, her or their known Servant or Agent, to sign such Account as aforesaid, or knowingly signing any fraudulent Account, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of thirty Pounds for every such Hogshead or other Package of Tobacco, of which no Account, or for which a fraudulent Account is knowingly given.

No Tobacco, or

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day Tobacco Stalks, Gf September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, no Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks, exceeding twenty snuffaboveioir our Pounds Weight, nor any Snuff exceeding ten Pounds Weight, shall be in any Form or Manner to be carried by whatsoever removed, carried, or conveyed by Land from any Port or Place of Importation in Great Bri

i.and from any tain, to any other Port or Place within this Kingdom, unless in the Manner herein after directed; that is Port of imports to say, if it is unmanufactured Tobacco, which is to be carried by Land as aforesaid, the same shall not be Manner herdn conveyecu removed, or pass without a Certificate being first had and obtained from the collector and comp duefted. " trailer, or other chief Officers at the Port or Place where such Tobacco was imported, together with the importer's Oath thereto (in case such Importer shall apply for the same) that the Duties thereof were paid or secured at the Importation, and by.whom, and the Time when, and in what Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, the same and every Part thereof was imported; and in case the Person applying for the same, be a Purchaser from the Importer, then on Oath of such Purchaser, attesting the Marks and Numbers of the identical Hogshead or Hogsheads so purchased, or out of which the said Tobacco was taken, and from whom purchased, and the Time when; and if it is Tobacco Stalks or Snuff, or other manufactured Tobacco which is to be carried by Land as aforesaid, the same shall not be conveyed, removed, or pass without a Certificate, and Oath of the Importer (in case the Importer applies for the same) being first had and obtained as aforesaid, that such Stalks were stripped or separated; or such Snuff or other manufactured Tobacco was made from one or more Hogshead or Hogsheads of Tobacco, for which the Duties were by him paid or secured, at the Time of Importation; and in case the Person applying for such Certificate be a Purchaser, such Purchaser shall make oath, that such Stalks were stripped or separated, or such Snuff or other manufactured Tobacco, was made from one or more Hogshead or Hogsheads of Tobacco, which csfi tess, ant ken delivered and received according to the Directions of this act; which said several Certificates erihiotes. such Officer and Officers are hereby required and directed to grant, and after writing the same off their Books, to deliver to all and every Person or Persons, who shall apply to him or them for the same, without enpenaltyofiol.any see or Reward whatsoever for such Certificates or Oaths, on pain of forfeiting the Sum of ten Pounds for every such Offence.

such robacco"8 's hereby enacted, That before any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks or Snuff" for "which such

the l'roprietor to Certificate 's granted, shall be removed or carried by Land as aforesaid, the Proprietor, factor or Agent insert on the thereof shall describe and insert on the Back of such Certificate, in a fair and legible Manner, the Names Back of the Cer of each particular Package in which such Goods are contained, together with the particular Marks and imckavitiarks ushers eton each Package, and also the true and exact Weight of each particular Species of Goods

Numbers " S' contained in each particular Package, and the Place from whence the same are to be delivered, and to

Weight, and which they are to be carried and conveyed, and by whom, and the Name of the Person to whom the Species, Goods are consigned; such Proprietor, Fatftor or Agent shall subscribe his, her or their Name or

and to make Names, and make oath to the Truth thereof; and the Certificate so granted shall express the Number of

'I continue in Force, and shall accompany the Goods to such Place to which they are to

company the be carried and conveyed, and upon its coming to such Place, the Person or pqrfons receiving the same,

Coeds, or

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 41. 379

or to whom the Goods belong, shall cause such Certificate to be delivered to the chief Officer of the.nd (ohc de[. Customs, if any such there be; and in case there be no Officer of the Customs, then to the Officer of " redmto c(ha o'f the Excise of the Division whereunto such Goods are carried and conveyed; and such Officer is hereby ficer whc: e the directed to examine the same with the Goods, and if they agree therewith, the Goods may be taken away Goods ore con and disposed of by the Person or Persons to whom of Right they belong or appertain, and such Officer isve ved> thereupon to enter such Certificate distinctly in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose; and the Offi£jjct"a

cer of customs or Excise receiving such Certificate shall from Time to Time transmit an Account of the to the Officer ap

same to the Officer to be appointed by the High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for keepingpoimed by the such Accounts. Treasury.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Officers of the Customs who shall grant such original Certifi offi "r granting cates at the Port or Place of Importation, shall once in every Month transmit Duplicates thereof to the^'^dimit person to be appointed by the High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for keeping the Accounts cates monthly - herein after mentioned. to the officer

appointed by the Treasury.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks ex tobaccoor ceeding twenty-four Pounds Weight, or any Snuff exceeding ten Pounds Weight, shall, from and after s, lulb above a the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, be found removing by

Land from the Port or Place of Importation, without having one or other of the Certificates herein before w;, j, out a certf direiffed, all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks and Snuff, and the Casks, Chests, Cases or other Package ficate, to be for containing the same, together with the Horses, Cattle, Carts, Wagons and all other Carriages whatsoever, feted, "itn the employed or in any ways made use of in the Removing or Carriage or Conveyance of such Tobacco, To h°r!es ani Car bacco Stalks and Snuff, or any or either of them, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be sued for "act5' and prosecuted by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise in the Manner herein after directed; and the Carrier or other Person employed or entrusted in the removing, carrying or conveying such Goods, and t, )e Ca, Tlc'! or any of them, shall, besides the Loss of his Cattle and Carriages, also be committed to the County Gaolt0 C c0lnmltt' for the Space of one Month, by any Justice of the Peace for the County where the Offence is committed, or the Offender Avail be found; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall counterfeit, forge, craze, or Pena, '5' in any wise alter any such Certificate or Duplicate thereof, as herein before is mentioned and described, or tifichte°s^Cer- shall cause or procure the same, or either of them to be counterfeited, forged, crazed, or altered in any Respect, he, she, or they so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence, to be sued for, recovered, levied, and divided in the Manner as is herein after expressed.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty notobaeco, i C ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, no Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks or Snuffs

shall be shipped or laden on board any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, to be carried by Water from any portentiy ma<j'e, or Place whatsoever in Great Britain, to any other Port or Place whatsoever in Great Britain, until the same, and every Part thereof, be first entered at the customhouse at the Port where or nearest to the Place where such Goods shall he shipped and laden; and if it is Tobacco unmanufactured which is to be carried and, <"unmanu" by Water as aforesaid, the same shall not be shipped or laden on board any Shi]) or Vessel whatsoever, to the uritnat be carried by Water as aforesaid, hut in the original Package in which it was imported, preferring the package, ° same Marks and Numbers, nor without a Certificate being first had and obtained from the Collector and with acertificate Comptroller or other chief Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place where such Tobacco was imported of the Duties in Great Britain, that the Duties thereof were paid or secured at the Importation, and by whom., and thebem Paid Time when, and in what Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, the same and every Fart thereof was imported; and if it is Tobacco Sralks or Snuff, or other manufactured Tobacco, which is to be carried by Water asandd' mynu'r?« aforesaid, the same shall not be shipped or laden on board any Ship or Vessel whatsoever to be carried by Certificate that Water as aforesaid, without a Certificate being first had and obtained from the Collector and Comptroller the Duties were or other chief Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place where the Tobacco was imported in Great paid for the to liritain, from which such Stalks were stripped or separated, or such Snuff was made or manufactured, that bacc0 of the Duties were paid or secured for such Tobacco at the Importation thereof; which said several certificates such Officer or Officers are hereby required and directed to grant and deliver to all and every Person officers to and Persons being the Importer or Importers of such Tobacco, or their known Agents or Servants, who such Certificates shall apply to him or them for the same, without any Fee or Reward whatsoever, on pain 6f forfeiting g^tis, under p the Rum of ten Pounds for every such Offence. nalty of, oj

XIV

And it is hereby further enacted, That before any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks or snuffforan<qil.ep'oprie which such Certificate is granted, shall be shipped or laden on hoard any Ship or Veiled whatsoever in^Ba'ckof the Great Britain, to be carried by Water as aforesaid, the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof shall describe and Certificate t(, C Insert on the Back of such Certifitate, in a fair and legible Manner, the Names of each particular Package Package, in which such Goods are contained, together with the particular Marks and Numbers seton each Package, markt. num and also the true and exact Weight of each particular Species of such Goods contained in each particular Package, and the Place or Places from whence the same were brought, and to which they are to be carried p'clt"

and conveyed by Water as aforesaid.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted, That such Certificate as aforesaid shall, by the Proprietor ordeliv etejro Proprietors of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks and Snuff before the same be shipped or laden on board any ma( ter Ship or Vessel for the Purposes aforesaid, be delivered to the Mailer or other Person or Persons takmgveffel, charge of any Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels on board which such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks or Snuft shall be fhffpcd or laden, in order to be removed and carried by Water as aforesaid; Certificate the Master or other Person or Persons taking charge of any such Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels on boardand by him ta which any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks or Snuff shall be laden as aforesaid, shall immediately after the chief Officer his or their Arrival in any Port or Place in Great Britain with such Goods on board, deliver to the t, C

3 C 2 collector

380

terfeiting such Certificate,

land waiters

C 41. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 175 r.

Collector or other chief Officer at such Port or Place, who is hereby directed and' required to cause such and to be tnof Goods to be examined by the Paid Certificate, to see that they agree therewith; and if upon such Exami offinfr appointed, lat'on^be fund that such Goods agree with the Certificate in all respects, then such Certificate by the Treasury, shall be transmitted by him within the Space of one Month after he receives the same, to the Person appointed by t': e High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, for keeping the Accounts herein after mentioned; and the same Goods shall be discharged by the Officer who examines them, and shall and may be taken away and disposed of by such Person or Persons to whom they are consigned, or to whom they of Right belong or appertain.

Tcbicco, e.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks or Snufr shall, from (b pi with' ut anc] after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifey one, be found laden uch Certificate, on goari] any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, at any Port or Place in Great Britain, without such Certificate as aforesaid being first had and obtained, or without such Certificate being on board any such Ship or Vessel with the Goods to which the same belongs; or if upon Examination it shall appear that such Certificate is forged or counterfeited, or that it does not agree in all respects with the Goods to which the same to be forfeited, belongs; then, and in any or either of such Cases, all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Snuff, and the Casks, Chests, Cases, or other Packages containing the same, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, in the Manner herein after and the Matter directed; and the Master or other Person or Persons taking charge of any such Ship or Vessel, Ships or to pay 6m. pci b. y esse]s? shall forfeit and lose sixpence per Pound Weight for every Species of the Goods aforesaid; if

Penalty of coun any Person or Persons whatsoever shall counterfeit, forge, eraze, or in any wfife alter any such Certificate as is herein last before mentioned and described, or shall cause or procure the same to be counterfeited, forged, erased, or altered in any respect, he, she or they so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of

one hundred Pounds, to be sued for, recovered, levied, and divided, in the Manner as herein after is

expressed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth ho°ks fur Entry Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, the colhctor and Comptroller, or other chief Tobacco" to be*cer or Officers of the Customs in the Port oi London, and also at every Port or Place in Great Britain, transmitted where any Tobacco shall be imported, after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven monthly to the hundred and fifty-one, from any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, do once in every Calendar Month Officers appoint transmit or deliver to such Personas shall be deputed and appointed by the High Treasurer, or com fi! by the ire am; flioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to receive the same, one of the land waiters Books, in which his Account is entered and kept of the landing and discharging of Tobacco imported in any Ship or with Copies of Vessel at such Port or Place, from any of his Majesty's Plantations in America; and also true and exact rx nato fc Copies of every Entry of Tobacco for Exportation, and of the several and respective Indorsements relating ixportntion, L C thereto, which are delivered to the Searcher or Searchers, or any other Officer or Officers, at such Port ami Accounts of or Place where any such Tobacco is entered and shipped for Exportation to foreign Parts; and also true Tobacco mami anj exact Copies of every Account w'hich, pursuant to the Directions herein before given, shall be de -- uro y t, e jjvere<j to any Officer or Officers of the Customs at such Port or Place, of Tobacco intended to be ma nufaclured by the Importer or Importers thereof, on his, her or their own Account, or which shall be delivered by the Importer or Importers thereof to any other Person or Persons whatsoever to be manufactured for the Account of such Importer or Importers; and also true and exact Copies of every Account which, pursuant to the Directions herein before given, shall be delivered to any Officer or Officers at such Port or Place by the Importer or Importers of Tobacco sold by them to any other Person or Persons whatso officer appomtcdever: Which said several Accounts are to be kept by the said Person who shall be deputed as aforesaid by by" the Treasury the High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, who is to keep proper Books, to make Entries and enter therein the said several and respective Accounts so transmitted or delivered to him; which lest the Accounts, vera] Entries shall he made, and an Account thereof kept, in such Manner and Form, that the Marks and Numbers on every Hogshead, Calk or other Package of Tobacco, with the Weights thereof, at the Importation thereof, may be compared and chequed with the Marks, Numbers and eights, at the Exportation thereof, or when sold or delivered for Home Consumption, or to be manufactured, to the Intent that the Identity of all such Tobacco imported, exported, sold, or delivered to be manufactured, may tc jnd where any thereby known and ascertained; and when anything shall appear to him to be done or practised at any L hine aport or PI ce > contrary to the Directions and Intentions of this act, he shall immediately transmit an ac aealft this Act count thereof in Writing to the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being, at London, or at edin in, mediately to 'burgh respectively, under whose Management the same shall happen; and a Copy of such Representations made by him to the Commissioners of the Customs, either at London or Edinburgh, shall be by him, once in every six Months, laid before the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being; and if any Collector, or other chief Officer or Officers of the Customs, at any Port or Place of Great Britain, shall neglect or refuse to transmit and deliver one of the land waiters Books, and a true and to the Tret copy of every Entry of Tobacco for Exportation, and of the several Indorsements relating thereto, herein iury once in six before mentioned and described, and also true Copies of all or any or either of the Accounts herein before months. mentioned and described, within the Time and Times herein before limited and appointed for that purpose, he and they so neglecting or refilling shall forfeit fifty Pounds for every such neglect or Refusal, to

Importer, cor

sold by him.

transmit to the Commissioners of I he Customs fan Account thereof,

Penalty on col it&ors, e. not transmitting land waiters Books, C

be sued for, recovered, levied and divided in the Manner herein after expressed.

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 41. 381

[Importer to transmit to the

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever who shall import any Tobacco into Great Britain from any of his Majesty's Plantations in America,

shall within the Space of twenty-one Calendar Months, to be reckoned and computed from the Co, efl "r "fth* said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, transmit and deliver to the fy0m2m March Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place where any such Tobacco is imported, /°, 2> /< --

a' true Account in Writing under his Hand, and their respective Hands, of all such Tobacco which he count of all to shall at the Time of giving in such Account, have in his Custody, Power or Possession; Account b?eco then in shall contain the Number of Hogsheads, Casks, Chefls, Cases or other Packages in which such Tobacco hls Custody

contained, together with all, and each, and every of the several and respective Marks, Numbers and Weights set upon all, and each and every such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, Case or other Package, and the particular Warehouses, Storehouses, Cellars, or other Places where the same are then lodged and lie; and and t, e l'ke all and every such Person or Persons shall from and after the Expiration of the aforesaid Term of twenty an" one Months, transmit and deliver annually, and every Year, between the first and twenty-fourth Days of nu

June in each Year, to such Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at t e Port or Place where any such Tobacco is imported, a true Account in Writing under his and their respective Hands, of all such Tobacco which he shall, at the Time of giving in such Account, have in his Custody, Power or Possession which has been entered in Great Britain eighteen Months, or more, at the Time of giving in such Account; which Account shall also contain the Number of Hogsheads, Casks, Chests or other Packages in which such Tobacco is contained, and also all, and each, and every of the several and respective Marks, Numbers and Weights set upon all, and each and every such Hogshead, Cask, Chest or other Package, and the particular Warehouses, Storehouses, Cellars or other Places where the same are then lodged and lie; and every such Collector or other Chief Officer is, upon Receipt of such Accounts, the Goods to te forthwith to cause the several and respective Goods contained in such Accounts to be examined thereby, and then to transmit such Accounts to the Person appointed by the High Treasurer or Commissioners ofc^n^ thee the Treasury for keeping the Accounts herein before mentioned; and if any Importer or Importers of transmitted to Tobacco shall neglect to give in such Account and Accounts as aforesaid, at the Time and Times, and in the Officer ap such Manner and Form, in all respects, as is herein before limited, directed and appointed, or if such p°"lted the' Account or Accounts shall, upon Examination, appear to be false or fraudulent in any respect whatsoever, rea ury' he, she or they lb offending in both or either of these Cases, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds penait>' for each and every such Offence.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever Penalty of alter shall at any Time or Times hereafter, in order to defeat any of the Purposes or Intents of thiis Add, eraze, 'tj| m«kscfet8 cut out, burn out, blot out or in any wise whatsoever alter, change or deface any Mark or Number, upon t|je Marks or Numbers whatsoever, which was burnt in, or set upon any Hogshead, Cask, Chest, Case or Packages, other Package whatsoever of Tobacco, in the Plantations in America, or which was burnt in or set thereon.

in Great Britain, upon the Importation or Landing thereof, or which was burnt in or set thereon in Great Britain upon the Exportation thereof from thence to foreign Parts, he, she and they so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds for each Hogshead, Cask, Chest, Case or other Package whatsoever of Tobacco, the Murk whereof shall be so altered or defaced as aforesaid, to be sued for, recovered, levied and divided as is herein after directed.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth ^jj^tobacco Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, no Tobacco shall be brought or imported intothan the Kingdom of Great Britain otherwise than in Cask, Chest or Case only, each Cask, Chest or Case C (k. chrft whereof shall contain four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight of neat Tobacco at the least, under the Pe or Case

nalty of the Forfeiture of all such Tobacco as shall be imported contrary to this Act, together with the weigtit, at the Casks, Chests, Cases or other Package containing the same. Jca t'

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth n "'-, nufakir'i Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, no Tobacco unmanufactured shall be loaden or be°export" d^bit laid on board in any Ship or Veiled whatsoever in any poit.or Place in Great Britain, to the Intent to bejn casts.&c. of exported to foreign Parts, but in Casks, khefts or Cases only, containing four hundred and twenty five425lb. Wright. Pounds Weight or more of Tobacco, in each Cask, Chest or Case, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture or onorc'

of such Tobacco, and of the Cask, Chest or Case containing the same, except Casks or other Packages containing Samples of Tobacco shipped and exported at the same Time and Place, and with the same Hogsheads or Casks out of which such Samples were taken; and the same Goods and Package shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any. Officer or Officers of the Customs in such Manner and Form as herein after is expressed.

[

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, no Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks exceedingabovevceruin twenty-four Pounds Weight, nor any Snuff exceeding ten Pounds Weight (which shall have been re weight, canird moved or carried Coastwise, or by Water, from the Port or Place of Importation in Great Britain, to any coastwia, to be other Port or Place within this Kingdom) shall afterwards be removed or carried from thence by Land toaf[erwards rt any other Place whatsoever. a Certificate being' first had and obtained from the Collector and °v7cdutb>) ctru Comptroller, or the Chief Officers of the Customs at the Port or Place to which such Goods were car gcate of

ried Coastwise, or by Water, as aforesaid, that it appears to them by the Entries of; the Certificate or Cer Duties being tificates in their Books which came with the Goods from the Port or Place of Importation, that thepaid duties thereof were paid or secured at the said Port or Place of Importation; and also in what Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, such Goods and every Part thereof came or were, brought Coastwise, or by

382 C 41. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

Water, as aforesaid, and the Time when; and also that the Person or Persons who shall apply to them for Officers to grant the lame, had made Oath to the Truth thereof; which said Certificate such Officers are hereby required such Certificate, and directed, after writing the same oft' in their Books, to grant and deliver to every Person and Persons and to tr.infmita who shall apply to them for the same, and shall immediately transmit a Duplicate, of such Certificate to the Officer!' 'oint H'rfon appointed by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, CD by the Treal lor keeping the Accounts herein after mentioned; and that before any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks or fury. Snuff for which such Certificate is granted, shall be removed or carried by Land as aforesaid, the Proprietor

Proprietor to in thereof, or his Factor or Agent, shall describe and insert on the Back of such Certificate, in a fair and le fert on the Back gible manner, the Names of each particular Package in which such Goods ate contained, together with ofthcccrtifi the particular Marks and Numbers seton each Package, and also the true and exact Weight of each par packaees ticuiar Species of such Goods contained in each particular Package, and the Place and Places from whence the same were brought, and to which they are to be carried and conveyed, and the Name of the Person to

whom the same shall be sent, to which such Proprietor, Factor or Agent shall subscribe his, her or their and make Oath Name or Names, and make Oath to the Truth thereof; and if any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks or Snuff, thereof. exceeding the respective Quantities before mentioned, shall, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, be found removing by Land from the Port or Place of its Importation, without such Certificate therewith as is herein before directed to be granted by the proper Officers; or if upon Examination it shall appear that such Certificate is forged or counterfeited, all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks and Snuff', and the Casks, Chests, Cases or other Package containing the lame, together with the Horses, Cattle, Carts, Wagons, and all other Carriages whatsoever employed, or ill any wise made use of in the removing, or Carriage or Conveyance of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks and Snuff, or any or either of them, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, in the manner herein after directed; and the Carrier or other pefi son employed or entrusted in the removing, carrying or conveying such Goods', or any of them, shall, halides the Loss of his Cattle and Carriages, also forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Pounds, and be committed to the County Gaol for one Adonth, by any Justice of the Peace for the County where the Offence is ani of counter committed or the Offender shall be found; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall conterfeit, forge, leiting thereof. erazc or; n ar)y wjfe aler ar)y such Certificates or Duplicate thereof, as are directed by this Act, or shall cause or procure the same or either of them to be counterfeited, erased or altered in any respect, he', she, or they so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every Offence, to be sued for, recovered, levied and divided in the manner as herein after is expressed.

No Tobacco,

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty above ascertain' n'nt^ Hay of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, no Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks exceeding the Quantity of twenty-four Pounds Weight, nor any Snuff exceeding ten Pounds Weight, shall be conveyed or carried by Land from any Place in Great Britain to any other Place in Great Brita: rr, in any Hogshead, Calk, Chest or Package, unless such hogflead, Calk, Chess or Package be stamped or marked oil the Outside, with the respective Words, Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks or Snuff, in large Letters, not less than three Inches in Length, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks or Snuff", with the Package thereof, and one Shilling for every Pound Weight thereof, to be paid by the Owner of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks or Snuff.

Penalty of removing Tobacco without Certificate, See.

Weight to be carried by Land, unless the Species be marked with large Letters on the Package. Penalty.

No Drawback to

XXIV. And be it further cnatfted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Drawback shall be allowed for any Tobacco which is mixed with Rubbish or Dirt, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever; all and every Person or Persons who shall enter or ship for Exportation, or cause to be entered or shipped for Exportation, any Tobacco mixed with Rubbish or with Dirt, or any other Alatter or Thing whntf ever, or who shall enter anything as Tobacco for Exportation, and which upon Examination by the proper Officers, shall appear not to be Tobacco, shall forfeit all such Goods, and the Casks, and other Package in which they are contained, and also the Sum of fifty Pounds of lawful Aloney of Great Britan: for each and every Hogshead or other Package thereof.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth, Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, no Tobacco either manufactured or unmanu

Exportjtion CX factured shall be entered or shipped for Exportation to any Parts beyond the Seas ('Ireland only excepted) ccpt to Ireland) in any gj, ip or ycsse] whatsoever, unless such Ship or Vesse] shall be of the Burden of seventy oils or of 70 Tonnes' upwards j and if any Officer or Officers of the Customs shall apprehend, or have Reason to believe, thne _ upwards, 'any such Ship or Vessel bound to foreign Parts, and having Tobacco on board her, shall not he of the officer, where Burden of seventy Tonnes or upwards, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers to flop and the Vessel an detain such Ship or Vessel, and the whole Cargo laden on board her, of Tobacco, and all other Goods, pjl8 ni >0 be unti! he or they shall cause such Ship or Vessel to be " '

feribed by an Act passed in the sixth Year of An

be allowed for Tobjccn mixed with Rubbish, C

Penalty of entering such for Exposition, 0 any other Thing for Tobacco.

No Tobacco to be shipped

to be of that Burden, may detain her till admeafared, according to 6 Geo. X C 21

tilled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses

Money;,) and if it shall appear by such admcafl_, ___, ___

of f venty Tonnes or upwards, the Officer or Officers so slopping and detaining her and her Cargo, shall not be subject or, liable to any Action for Damages occasioned by such Stoppage and Detention; and if the Masser or Commander of any Ship or Vessll outward bound to foreign Parts, having Tobacco on board her, shall enter and clear out such Ship or other Vessel in the collector's Book at the Custoni House, Vessds as of 70 as of the Burden of seventy'i ons or upwards, and such Ship or Vessel shall not he of so great Burr tonnes, not being the n, according to the Admeasurement prescribed by the aforesaid at, he shall forfeit and lose the Sum ot ot that Burden. QM hum]red pounds for evcj y such offeilcc.

Penalty on Ma Her cleaving out

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 41. 383

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Penalty on Vef day of September one thousand i'even hundred and fifty-one, where any Ship or Vesse) whatsoeverounder the ids under 70 Burden of seventy Tonnes coming or arriving from foreign Parts, or having cleared outwards in Great Britain

for foreign Parts, and having on board one hundred Pounds Weight of Tobacco, or any tobacco a certnin weighr,

Stalks, or Stems stripped from the Leaf, or fifty Pounds Weight of Snuff, hall be found at Anchor, or ho being found at

vering within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within two Leagues of the Shore, or Anchor or ho

shall be discovered to have been within the Limits of any Port, and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind pff'f

and Weather permitting, (unless in case of unavoidable Necessity and Distress of Weather, of which Net, o Leagues of

ceffity and Distress the Mailer, Purser or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such hoshoie.unless

Ship or Vessel, shall give Notice to, and make Proof of, before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the in case of Di

Customs of such Port as aforesaid, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel into the Laid Port,) strefcj call

such Tobacco and Tobacco Stalks, or Stems stripped from the Leaf, and Snuff, together with the Hog

lbeads, Bags, Boxes, Casks or other Package whatsoever, containing the same Goods, or the Value

thereof, shall be forfeited and lost, (whether Bulk hall then have been broken or not,) and the Maker or

other Person taking Charge of every such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and the same Goods and Package shall and may be seized and prosecuted, or the Value thereof be sued for by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, in such Manner and Form as herein after is expressed, any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding;

[Penalty on Vef

and if any Ship or Vessel whatsoever above

the Burden of seventy Tonnes, having such Goods on board as aforesaid, either homeward bound or out ab"ve 7°

ward bound, shall be found at Anchor, or hovering as aforesaid, and no Notice of Distress be given as anchor°o" ho

aforesaid, the Master or other Person taking Charge of every such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit and lose the as afore

Sum of one hundred Pounds. said.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day All Tobacco, cof September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, all Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks and snuft which which shall be shall be seized and condemned, hall be burnt and destroyed in the Presence of the Collector and Comptroller

of the Customs for the Port where such Tobacco shall happen to be at the Time of such Condem L ulntj nation, or in the Presence of such Officer as shall be appointed by them for that Purpose; if there shall be no such Officer of the Customs at the Place where such Tobacco shall be at the Time of the condemnation thereof, then in the Presence of the Collector or Supervisor of Excise of the District in which such Place is situate; that all Rewards or Allowances to which the Officer or Officers who shall seizeanij t), e ailcw and prosecute the same, are entitled to by Law, shall be paid by the Receivers General of the Customs atance payable to London or Edinburgh respectively, or by the respective Collector in the out ports where such Tobacco, the Officer who Tobacco Stalks or Snuff was seized, and burnt or destroyed, to such Officer or Officers, out of any of the Duties or Revenues arising from the Customs applicable to Incidents; that is to say, If it is Tobacco 0auij'^'fltpcepal or Tobacco snuff so burnt and destroyed, the same shall be paid at and after the same Rate and Proportion, custems, as if the said Tobacco or Tobacco snuff had been sold on Condemnation for sixpence per Pound; and if it is Tobacco Stalks, or damaged Tobacco, then, the Officer so seizing hall have and be entitled unto one af^r Penny per Pound, for every pound's Weight of Tobacco Stalks or damaged Tobacco so condemned and for Tobacco or' burnt in lieu of all other Allowances. Snuff,

and 1 d. per Pound for Stalks or damaged Tobacco.

XXVIII. Provided always, That the Officers of Customs or Excise respectively, in whose Presence the Officer to certify same shall be burnt, shall certify to the Commissioners of the Customs, in such Part of the united King to the commis dom where the same shall be burnt, the exact Quantity so burnt, whereupon the said Commissioners shall f; °neburnt^uan" grant their Order for the Payment of the said Rewards or Allowances in manner abovementioned; iftlty urnt'

the same shall have been burnt in the Presence of such Officer of Excise, then the said Commissioners shall they are to order the same to be paid by the Receivers General of the Customs, in either Part of the united Kingdom, frai an rd" as the same shall happen. - ttk/

XXIX. And whereas some Doubts have arisen, whether the Bonds which are given to the Crown for the Payment of the several and respective Duties on Tobacco, within eighteen Months as the Law di redts, ought on the Expiration of the said eighteen Months to be put in Suit, and whether any Interest:

shall accrue thereon to the Crown, from and after the Expiration of the said eighteen Months, until the said Bonds shall be vacated by a proper Debenture to be made out for that Purpose, in as much as the Exporter upon the Exportation of the Tobacco within the Time limited by Law, which is three Years,

is to be paid, or allowed to draw back the whole Duty or the Security vacated on the Bond or Bonds

given on the Importation of the same Tobacco Now to clear up and remove all such Doubts for the

future; Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That all Bonds which have been given, and are now subsisting at the Time of making this Act, for the several Bonds for Pay.

and respective Duties on Tobacco, or which shall hereafter be given for the Payment of the said Duties, roent of the

are and shall be deemed and taken to be due and payable immediately upon the Day mentioned in the Danes on To

Condition of the said Bond for Payment thereof; and that such Interest shall be paid to the Crown, on all bacco'

such Bonds, as is directed by an Act of Parliament made in the fourth Year of her late Majesty Queen to be due on she

Anne, (entitled. An Act for continuing an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and certain Duties Day of Payment

upon Coals, Culm and Cinders, and additional Duties of Excise; for settling and establishing a Fund mentioneci in

by, and by other jvi.ys and Means for Payment of Annuities to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Ma

jfj for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and six, and other Uses therein mentioned) which to be paid to the

Interest

384 C 4l. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

Crown, accord. Interest shall be computed from the Day the Bond becomes due, to the Day whereon it shall be paid off ing to Ann. in Money, or the Day the Searcher certifies upon the Debenture, that the Tobacco was (liipt for Exportation, notwithstanding such Tobacco doth or shall remain unexported, and the three Years (being the Time limited for the Allowance of the Drawback on Exportation) shall not be expired and no such Security shall hereafter be vaca ed, until all such Interest shall be paid thereon; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Exchequer may

XXX. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be grant a Fiat for lawful to and for the Chancellor and Un'er Treasurer of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, the Lord Process of im Chief Baron, and other Barons of the said Court of the Degree of the Coif, or any or either of them, mediate Extent to grant his or their Fiat for the Hiding of Process of immediate Extent against any Person or Persons who: B "has or have, or shall have given his or their Bond to the Crown for Duties on Tobacco, although ie, the Day mentioned in the Condition of the said Bond for Payment be not come, upon an Affidavit laid

upon Affidavit before him, by one of the Securities, or Executor or Administrator of such Security, that the Person that the Debtisbound to the Crown in such Bond is decayed in his Circumstances, and that the crown's debt.is in Danin Danger. ger of being lost, unless some more speedy Method than the usual Way of Proceeding be forthwith had Crown recover for Recovery thereof; and if the Crown recovers the Money due on such Bond, before the Day of Paying thereon, ment shall become due, the Obligor is to be allowed out of the Money so recovered the usual Discounts.

rhe Obligor to

fee allowed the usual Discounts.

si Geo. 2. C

XXXI. And whereas by an Act made in the twenty first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, inti c' ' tuled, An Act sir granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes to be imported inti this Kingdom; and for raising a certain Sunt of Money by Annuities, and a lott ry, to be charged on the said Subsidy; and for repealing so much of an Act made in the twentieth Year of his present mayfly's ' Reign, as enadls, that Prize Goods and Merchandizes may be exported, without paying any Duty of Cujhm or Excise for the same) it is provided, That the Importers of Tobacco shall, upon paying down the Sub ' lidy thereby granted, have the same Allowance with respect to the said Subsidy, as they are untitled to by any Law now in Force upon Tobacco imported; but no Allowance is given by the said Act to the Impor tors of Tobacco, when the said Subsidy is bonded, which has been found detrimental to Trade Be it Importers of therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Importers of Tobacco shall, from and after the Tobacco to havefj, ft of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, have the same Allowances and Discounts on giving piving°bonrl^foo n d s for the said Subsidy, or paying the same before they become due, as they are now entitled to by any the Gid Subfi Law now in Force upon Bonds given for tobacco imported; and that if any Importer of Tobacco who dy, or paying hath already given Security, or final] before the said first of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, the same before give Security for the said Subsidy, sit all be desirous to discharge his Bond or Bonds, or any Part thereof in due, See. Ready Money, before the Expiration of eighteen Months from the Date thereof, he shall be abated upon such Bond or Bonds so much as the Discount at the Rate of seven per Centum per Annum shall amount to in proportion to the Time unexpired.

12 Ann. ft. 2. '

XXXII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late.

V 8.* Majesty Queen Anne, (entitled, An Act for the encouraging the Tobacco Trade) it was enacted, That any Person importing Tobacco, that should pay down in ready Money the Subsidy of one Penny per Pound,

due and payable by the a.dt of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Southeast condor by any Act or Acts continuing the same, and (hold then desire to have the said Tobacco put into Warehouses under the queen's and Merchants Locks for the Security of the Remainder of the Du ' ties, the Merchant or his Servants should have free Access into the said Warehouse at all seasonable Times, which said Act was to continue in Force for five Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late 5 Geo. 1. c. 7. Majesty King George the First, (entitled, An Act for continuing an Act made in the twelfth Tear of tie! Reign of her late Majesty fhteen Anne, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Tobacco Trade) it is declared,

That the putting of Tobacco into Warehouses had been found beneficial to the Tobacco Trade; and therefore enacted, That the said recited Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen

Anne should continue in Force during such Time as the respective Duties on Tobacco should relpec

ofivann so tively continue in Force: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether the said recited Act of the twelfth

far as ic reiates Year of the Reign of her said 1 re Majesty Queen Anne is now in Force; 'For obviating whereof, Be it

to putting To further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, so far as the same relates to the putting to brcco into bacco into Warehouses, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained, shall be Warehouses, to ancj continue, and are hereby declared to be in full Force.

be in Force. 1

---

[Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures.]

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of the several Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act before mentioned, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person and Persons as shall inform, prosecute or sue for the same; and that all the same Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be prosecuted and sued for, and the Causes and Controversies arising thereupon, tried, heard and determined in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, (if the Offence shall be committed in England, or if the Offender or Offenders be in England at the Time of commencing the Prosecution) or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, (if the Offence shall be committed in Scotland, or if the Offender or Offenders be in Scotland at the Time of commencing the Prosecution) at the Election of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in that Part

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 42. 385

of the said United Kingdom where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Limitation of Actions.]

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be of commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act,

[General Issue.]

the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance of and by Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff,

[Treble Costs.]

the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

Concerning Tobacco see farther 26 Geo. 2. c. 13.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto; and for making the said Act more effectual.

PR.

WHEREAS several Doubts have arisen in the Execution of an Act passed in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

[23 Geo. 2. c. 27.]

intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto; and the said Act has, in many Respects, been found insufficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether Attorneys and Solicitors are subject to the Processes of the said Court: therefore, for explaining, amending, and making the said Act more effectual, May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Attornies and Solicitors subject to the Processes of the Court.]

That all Persons admitted as Attornies or Solicitors shall be, and they are hereby declared to be subject to all the Processes of the said Court of Requests for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto; anything in the said Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas the Commissioners nominated and appointed to put the said Act in Execution, are directed by the said Act to meet in three different Divisions, one Day in each Week: And whereas divers Mistakes and Inconveniences have happened, for want of knowing the particular Bounds and Limits of the several Divisions or Districts:

[So much of the recited Act as relates to the dividing of the City and Liberty of Westminster, &c. into 3 Divisions repealed.]

For Remedy thereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, so much of the said Act as relates to the dividing the said City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, into three Districts or Divisions, shall be, and is hereby repealed.

[Court to be held in two Divisions.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners nominated and appointed, or to be nominated and appointed, by virtue of the said Act, are hereby authorised and required to assemble, sit and hold the said Court in and for the said City and Liberty, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, in two Divisions only; videlicet, The several Parishes of St. Margaret, St. John the Evangelist, St. Martin in the Fields, St. Paul Covent Garden, St. Clement Danes, St. Mary le Strand, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth to the said Liberty of Westminster, to be one of the said Divisions; the several Parishes of St. George Hanover Square, St. James, and St. Anne, to be the other Division, in such manner as is herein after mentioned and declared;

[Days of sitting of the Court for each Division.]

videlicet. the Commissioners for the said several Parishes of St. Margaret, St. John the Evangelist, St. Martin in the Fields, St. Paul Covent Garden, St. Clement Danes, St. Mary le Strand, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth to the said Liberty of Westminster, on every Thursday in every Week, or oftener. if necessary, in some convenient Part of the said Division; the said Commissioners for the Parishes of St. George Hanover Square, St. James, and St. Anne, on every Tuesday in every Week, or oftener, if necessary, in some convenient Part of the said Division, for the putting in Execution the several Powers and Authorities granted by this and the said former Act.

IV. And whereas the erecting or hiring, sitting up and maintaining two convenient court houses for the Purposes aforesaid, will be attended with very great Expense to the Officers appointed to put the said Act of the last Session of Parliament in Execution: And whereas by the said Act the said Officers are obliged to pay an annual Allowance to the Council of the Marshalsea Court; which Expenses and Allowances, and other necessary Charges attending the Execution of the said Act, have rendered, and will

386. C 43. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

continue to render, the Profits arising to the said Officers of the Court very inconsiderable: therefore, to enable the said Officers to defray such expences, and in order to provide some Compensation for their Trouble, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

[The Fees following to be taken in lieu of those limited by the former Act.]

That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, instead of the Fees limited by the said former Act, the several Fees hereafter limited, and no other Fee or Fees, shall be taken for the respective Services of the High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of the Westminster for the Time being, and the Clerks of the said Court; that is to say,

For issuing out every Summons, to the Clerk or Clerks four Pence.

For the Service of such Summons, to the High Bailiff four Pence.

For every Hearing, to the clerk or Clerks sixpence, to the High Bailiff three Pence.

For an Execution, to the Clerk or Clerks, one Shilling, to the High Bailiff one Shilling and six Pence.

For paying Money into Court, to the Clerk or Clerks seven Pence.

For acknowledging Satisfaction in full, to the Clerk or Clerks six Pence.

For every Search, to the Clerk or Clerks two Pence.

For calling the Defendant before the Court, to the Clerk or Clerks twopence, to the High Bailiff two Pence.

For every Order upon Hearing, and the Entry thereof, to the Clerk or Clerks four Pence.

For the Service of every such Order, to the High Bailiff two Pence.

For a Nonsuit on the plaintiff's not appearing, to the Clerk or Clerks four Pence.

[Table of Fees to be hung in each Court-house.]

A Table of which Fees shall be hung up by the Clerks of the said Court, or one of them, in some public and conspicuous Place of the two court houses where the said Commissioners shall meet for the Purposes aforesaid, to the end that all Persons may at all Times see and read the same.

[The Number of Clerks to be reduced upon the Death, Resignation or Removal, &c.]

V. And whereas by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament four Clerks are appointed for the said three Divisions, which Divisions are by this Act reduced to two; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death, Resignation or Removal of any one of the said four Clerks, the remaining three Clerks shall continue to act; and upon the Death, Resignation or Removal of any one of said three Clerks, then the remaining two shall in like manner proceed to act; and shall continue to carry into Execution all the Powers and Authorities by the said former and this present Act vested in the said Clerks; nor shall the Commissioners proceed to choose another Clerk in the Place or Stead of any one so dying, resigning or being removed, until the Number of the said Clerks shall be reduced to one; at which time, or so soon after as the same shall be publicly known, the Commissioners appointed to put the said former and this present Act in Execution shall proceed to elect another Clerk, to be joined with the surviving or remaining Clerk, according to the Directions for that Purpose in the said former Act, so as such Number of Clerks shall not at any Time afterwards exceed the Number of two.

[Clerks not to act as Justices in any Matters relative to the Jurisdiction of the Court.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Clerk or Clerks of the said Court shall act as a Justice or Justices of the peace in any Matter or Thing whatsoever relative to the Proceedings of the said Court, or any Matter which may arise in relation to the Jurisdiction of the same: But nothing in this or the said former Act contained shall prevent or exclude any Clerk of the said Court from acting as a Justice of the Peace in any Matter not relative to the Business or Jurisdiction of the said Court.

[Persons residing within the Limits, subject to the jurisdiction though the Plaintiff be not resiant therein.]

VII. And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether any Person or Persons residing within the City and Liberty of Westminster, or that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and who are indebted to Persons who did not reside within the Limits aforesaid, are subject to the Jurisdiction of the said Court; For Remedy thereof, Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons inhabiting within the Limits aforesaid shall be, and are hereby declared to be, subject to the Process and Jurisdiction of the said Court, although the Plaintiff suing out such Process shall not inhabit or reside within the said City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for the Disposition of Penalties given by Acts of Parliament relating to the Highways, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for enforcing the Recovery thereof; and for the more effectual preventing of Mischiefs occasioned by the Drivers riding upon Carts, Drays, Carrs and Wagons, in the City of London, and within ten Miles thereof.

---

[For former Laws refer to

WHEREAS great Sums of Money, have been expended in amending and repairing the Turnpike

refer to 13 Ed. 1 y, Roads of this Kingdom, yet the said Roads cannot be kept in ('efficient Repair, and are in many 1 p'aces become ruinous, by the great and excessive Weights which the Number of Horses now allowed f. g.j S' Law to draw Wagons and other Carriages enable Carriers and other Persons using the said Roads 13. iq Et C 1 to carry upon the same For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, s 13&d+ by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 43. 387

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of July z\yff7fcf' one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, it shall and may be lawful for all Trustees or of^cfz^' appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, by any act or acts of Parliament, for the Repair of any Highs way or Highways in that part of Great Britain called Englandin their respective Districts or any five of 7 CD z. <. 9. them, or any Person or Persons empowered by them, or any five of them, to demand, receive and take, 8 Gic - C "° and they are hereby required to demand, receive and take, at all the Gates and Bars they have erected, or\cqlf'n cfa shall erect, for the receiving and collecting any Toll or Duty, the Sum of twenty Shillings for every itgll.z'.e'.zs. Wagon or other Carriage drawn by six Horses, before such Wagon or other Carriage shall be permitted t uftccs of the to pais through any such toll gate or tollbar, over and above the Tolls or Duties already granted, or Roads may taka hereafter to be granted; which laid additional Toll or Duty hereby granted and made payable, shall and t, B

may be levied and recovered upon any Person who shall after Demand made thereof refuse or neglect to 'iff r ff pay the same, in such Manner as any other Toll or Duty payable at the same turnpike gate or Bar is by drawn°withc6 Law to be levied and recovered; and the Money arising from such additional Duty shall be applied to the Horses, pairing Repair of the Highway where the same shall be collected. through any Turnpike, C

[Penalty of ta

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall take off or cause to be taken off, any Horse or Horses from any Wagon or other Carriage, at or Before the fatness °ffhorfes shall come to any of the said Gates or Turnpikes, with Intent to avoid paying the said additional toll or q.j, ', 01 tll° Duty, each and every Person so offending, and being convicted thereof before the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding or Division, where the Offence shall be committed, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath the said Trustees, or any five or more of them) or the said Justice or Justices, are hereby empowered to administer, shall forfeit and pay to the Informer the Sum of five Pounds; which Sum, in case j°j'e the same be not forthwith paid, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant d*stre£'ar'lj S: <:under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or the said Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus to the Owner (if any be) on Demand, after deducting the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to be settled by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or by the said Justice or Justices

And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, that every Person who shall drive any ^ans^"vli, S Wagon or other Carriage upon any Part of any Turnpike Road with more Horses than such Wagon or jorl es, harl other Carriage shall on the same Day pass through any turnpike bar or Gate with, shall be deemed and suck Waggon' adjudged to have taken off the said Horses with Intent to avoid paying the said additional Toll or Duty. ftaii Ms with

'- the same Day,

- deemed to incur the Penalty,

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Penalty bf dl day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, no Wagon, Cart or other Carriage, tra veiling for Hire upon any of the said Turnpike Roads, shall be drove or turned out of the same into any ° "k °r8'jj t ", hof the roads adjacent, not being Turnpike Roads, in order to avoid, and thereby avoiding paying the avoiu the Tolls, Tolls and Duties appointed by this or any former Act or Acts to be paid at any Gate or Turnpike erelited for the collecting and receiving the same; upon pain of forfeiting and losing any one of the Horses drawing such Wagon, Cart or Carriage, (not being the Thill or Shalt Horse) with all his Geers and accoutrements, to the sole Uie and Benefit of any person or Persons who shall seize or dist raiif the same; and the Person or Persons making such Seizure or Dilirefs shall proceed in like manner, and he untitled to thet0 levied like Remedies, as is directed and given in Cases of Seizure of Horses, by an Act of parka ment made ill coldlaq°5ge!: ' the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, entitled, ian aft', for making mm L c'. IS' effectualihe several as pqflhd for repairing and amending the Highways of this kingdom.r. t, >, in J n.

V. Provided always, That nothing in this at shall he deemed or conftvued to extend to any Coach, Carnages ex berlin, Chariot, Chaise, Calalh or Hearse, or to any Wagon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, era en ptw ployed only about Husbandry, or in carrying only of Hay, Straw, Corn unthrashed, or Chalk, for any Stone, Block of Marble, or Piece of Timber, nor to Carravans, or the covered Carriages, of noblcmen and Gentlemen for their private Use, or such Timber, Ammunition or Artillery, as shall be for his Majesty's Service.

VI. And whereas an Act of Parliament was made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of Ills ppflent 14 gco.a. C 4^, Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the publick Broads, in that Part of Great Britain called England, which hath proved insufficient for the Purpose, by reason that few of the Cranes, Machines 1 or Engines, therein mentioned for the weighing of Carriages, have been erected; and to avoid such as

have been erccfted, the Owners and Drivers of Wagons, 'and other Carriages, with cxoeflive Weight's,

have in several Places left the Turnpike Road, and gone through other Roads and by lanes, which have been repaired at a great Expense by the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places where thelanie lie,

and thereby such Roads and by lanes have been greatly damaged and made ruinous, to the great Preiul dice and ejcpecce of such Inhabitants, and the Income of the Toll hath bacn also much lefli+ned For Remedy whereoff.and rendering the said A: more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, Be, infer sherenaffecl Ibyithe authority aforesaid, That on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand 'froitas to tr£& seen hundred and fifty-two, all Commissioners or Trustees already appointed by any act or a'ifts'of'pak

liament for the Repairs of any Highway or Highways in that Part of Great Britain called England, or any t1"'lms live or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required, at one or more Gate r Gates, Barer Bars, or 1 at fbm^ other convenient Place or Places within their respective Districts, to order and cause to be built sndyrdded a Crane, Machine or Engine proper for the weighing of Carts, Wagons or other Carriages

388 C 43. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

for the carrying of any Goods or Merchandise whatsoever, and order and cause all and every such Carts and Wagons or other Carriages (except such aby this Act are excepted) which shall pass through any such Gate or Bar to be weighed, together with the Loading thereof, and shall receive and take such Toll and additional Duty ot twenty Shillings the Hundred, as is by the said Act authorised and directed to be received and taken, and shall apply the same for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

Trufltes for

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con roadsbeyond 30 strued to extend to oblige the Trustees of any Turnpike Road beyond thirty Miles Distance from London, Miles lioni Lon or where the Tolls and Duties granted to such Trustees do not amount to the annual Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds within thirty Miles Distance from London, to erect any Engine or Machine for the weigher amount°to ing Wagons or Carriages; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

the annual Sum of jjol. not obliged to erect Engines.

Geo. 1. c. 57. '

VIII. And whereas an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of King George the First has not been found sufficient to prevent the Mischiefs that frequently happen by the Negligence of Carters, Draymen, ' Carmen and Waggoners riding on their Carriages in the City of London, or within ten Miles thereof; 'Now, in order more effectually to prevent such Mischiefs for the future, and for the more speedy and j'enalty oncartereafy Conviction and punishing Offenders against the said Act, Be it therefore enacted, That if any cart^ncth^Oarter, Drayman, Carman, Waggoner or other Driver shall, after the twenty-fourth Day of June one Some Personon8 thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, ride upon such Cart, Dray, Carr or Wagon in the" City of Lon koot to guide don, or within ten Miles thereof, not having fonte other Person or Persons on Foot to guide or conduct the fume. the same, every such Person, being thereof convicted according to the Tenor of the aforesaid Act, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings, in case such Driver shall not be the Owner of such Carriage; and in case the Offender be the Owner of such Carriage, then any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings: 'Which Penalties shall be recovered, levied and applied, as by the said former Act is directed concerning the ten Shillings Penalty aforesaid.

Auy Person may

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person 01 fender an or Persons5 though not a Peace Officer, to flop and apprehend such Offender, and to carry him, as soon larryyim before as conveniently may be, before any Justice of the Peace for the County, City or Place where such of ajuilice. fence is committed; and in case any Person or Persons shall resist, abul'e or prevent any Person endea penalty of re vouring to apprehend any such Offender, or when he is apprehended, shall refeue or endeavour to lifting, See. refeue him, such Person so offending shall for every such Offence incur the Penalty of twenty Shillings, to be recovered and applied as aforesaid

draw X Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this or any h?i)°1'mri>use former Act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend to restrain or hinder any Owner or ow as manyhorfes riers f any Wagon or other Carriage, or his or their Servants, using or drawing with as many Horses or as the justices at Beasts as shall be necessary for the drawing such Wagons or other Carriages up any such steep Hills, as Sessions shall the Justices of the Peace of the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions and Places where such steep Hills direct. do )je? flla]) at their Quarter sessions from time to time order and direct; which said Order and Direction

shall be kept by the respective Clerks of the Peace among the Records of the Sessions, to which all Persons, at reasonable Times, shall have Recourse without Fee or Reward.

XI. And whereas several Acts have been made, as well for repairing and amending diverse public Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, as for punishing Offences done or committed upon or 1 to the Highways, the good Intentions whereof have not been answered for want of a due Execution of the said laws for Remedy whereof, and as a further Encouragement to Informers, Be it enacted by Penalties vested the Authority aforesaid, That all penalties.and Forfeitures imposed by this or any former Act, shall, from in the Informer, and after the tenth Day of September in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, be wholly given to and vested in the Infofmer or Person who shall sue for the same; any Law or Statute to the contrary Method of Re notwithstanding: And every such Informer or Prosecutor shall and may from thenceforth sue for and recovery. cover such Forfeitures or Penalties by this or any of the said Acts imposed, in the same Manner as the same

are severally and respectively directed to be sued for and recovered, or by Action at Law, to be brought by such Informer or Prosecutor in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in Manner following; that is to say, where any Person shall for any such Offence be liable to pay any pecuniary Penalty, it shall be lawful to sue for the same by Action of Debt; in which it shall be sufficient to declare, that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in the Sum of being forfeited by an Act,

entitled,

And where the Penalty or Forfeiture is of any Horse or Horses, Gelding or Geldings, Mare or Mares, or other Goods, by an Action of Trover against the person liable to such Penalty or Forfeiture, in which the Value of such Horse or Horses, Gelding or Geldings, Mare or Mares, or other Goods as is or are liable to the Forfeiture, shall be given in Damages, without any Seizure or Demand thereof; and the Double Costs. Plaintiff, if he recover in any such Action, shall have double Costs; provided that there shall not be more Limitation of than one Recovery for the same Offence: And that no Action shall be brought, by virtue of this Act, in actions. any of h; Majesty's said Courts of Record, unless the same be brought before the End of six Calendar Concerning High Months after the Offence committed.

way) Jet further 0.6 Geo. a. t. IS S' 30. Geo. j, C 17, 30 Geo. 0. C 2s. 31 Geo. 2. c. 34.

tap.

A.D. 175 r. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II.

C 44. 389

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for the rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office; t ej. 3. c. 16. and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in Obedience to their Warrants.^62

c. 2. 34 Ed. 3. C 1 6? 5. 12 R. 2. C JO. 13 /?. 2. r. 7. 14 X 2. C II ijr.z. c.g. 2 II 5. ft, t. 1. C 4. 2 //, 5./, !. 1, C 1, n ft 6. C 6. 14

H. 6. C 4. 18 tf. 6. C 11. i £</. 4. C 2. I j5. 3. f. 3. 3 H. 7. r. 1. 4 U. 7. r. 12. 6 Geo. 1. c. 2j.9 Geo. 1. c. 7. 5 Geo. a. e. ls 19. 7 Geo. 2. f. 10.

5 Geo. 2. c. 24. 18 Geo. 1. c. 20.

WHEREAS Justices of the Peace are discouraged in the Exceculion of their Office by vexatious Actions brought against them for or by reason of small and involuntary Errors in their Proceedings: And whereas it is necessary that they should be fas far as is confident with Justice, and the Safety and Liberty of the Subjects over whom their Authority extends) rendered safe in the Execution of the said Office and Trust: whereas it is also necessary that the Subjects should be protected

from all wilful and oppressive Abuse of the several Laws and Statutes committed to the Care and Execution

of the said Justices of the Peace; 'Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, no Writ diall be sued out against, nor any Copy of any n0 Writ to be Process, at the Suit of a Subject, shall be served on any Justice of the Peace for anything by him rlkd against any done in the Execution of his Office, until Notice in Writing of such intended Writ or Process shall have Justice for what been delivered to him, or left at the usual Place of his Abode, by the Attorney or Agent for the Party he 110 in the who intends to sue or cause the same to be sued out or served, at lead one Calendar Month before the officut'°till N filing out or serving the same; in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the Cause of t; ce gi ven j, '; m .* Action which such Party hath or claimeth to have against such Justice of the Peace; on the Back of which Notice shall be endorsed the Name of such Attorney or Agent, together with the Place of his Abode, who shall be entitled to have the See of twenty Shillings for the preparing and serving such'

Notice, and no more.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice of the Peace, athe may tender any Time, within one Calendar Month after such Notice given as aforesaid, to tender Amends to the Party Amends; complaining, or to his or her Agent or Attorney; and in case the same is not accepted, to plead such and plead the Tender in Bar to any Action to be brought against him, grounded on such Writ or Process, together with same in Bar, see, the Plea of Not Guilty, and any other Plea with the Leave of the Court; andes upon Idue joined thereon Extended by 30 the Jury shall find the Amends lo tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a. Verdict for the 9^ z' C W defendant; and in such Case, or in case the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or shall discontinue his or her "3'

Action, or in case Judgement shall be given for such Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer, such Justice shall be entitled to the like Cods as he would have been entitled unto, in case he had pleaded, the General Issue only; and if upon Issue so joined the Jury shall find that no Amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and also against the Defendant or Defendants on such other. Plea or Pleas, then they, shall give a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper, which he or die diall, recover, together with his or her Cods of Suit.

III. And be it further enacted, That no such Plaintiff shall recover any Verdict against such. Justice in plaintiff not to any Case where the Action shall be grounded on any Act of the Defendant, as Justice of the Peace, unless" recover without it is proved upon the Trial of such Action, that such Notice was given as aforesaid; in Default thereof such Justice mall recover a Verdict and Cods as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Justice shall neglect to Justice may pay tender any Amends, or shall have tendered insufficient Amends, before the Action brought, it shall and '"5°eourc may be lawful for him, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any ime before Issue sum^hc'stall* joined to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he shall see fit; whereupon, such Proceedings, Orders and tninfc fit judgments shall be had, made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff on the 'Evidence not t Trial of any such Action as aforesaid, of any Cause of Action, except such as is contained in the Notice cauftbut such hereby directed to be given. as is contained

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the find twenty-fourth in the Notice. Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, no Action shall be brought against any Constable, Action not to be Headborough or other Officer, or against any Person or Persons acting by his Order and in his Aid, for any.brought against thing done in Obedience to any Warrant under the Hand or Seal of any Justice of the Peace, until De aw co.nftlbtle, mand hath been made or left at the usual Place of his Abode, by the Party or Parties intending to bring encen?o'justk*s" such Action, or by his, her or their Attorney or Agent, in Writing, signed by the Party demanding the warrant, till same, of the Perusal and Copy of such Warrant, and the same hath been refused or neglected for the Space Demand made of of six Days after such Demand; and in case after such Demand and Compliance therewith, by shewing the Ccpy of tf, e. the said Warrant to, and permitting a Copy to be taken thereof by the Party demanding, the same, any

Action shall be brought against such Constable, Headborough or other Officer, or against such Person. Persons acting in his Aid for any such Cause as aforesaid. making the Justice or Justices who signed or sealed the said Warrant, Defendant or Defendants, that on producing and proving such Warrant at the Trial, of such Action, the Jury shall give their Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, not with

399 C 43, 46. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751

landing any Defect of jurisdiction in such Justice or Justices; and if such Action be brought jointly against: such Justice or Justices, and also against such Constable, Headborough or other Officer, or Person or Persons adiing in his or their aid.as aforesaid, then on Proof of such Warrant the Jury hall find ft r such Constable, Headborough or oilier Officer, and for such Person and Persons so acting as aforesaid, notwithstanding such dcfed/t ot Jurisdiction as aforesaid; and if the Verdictt shall be given against the Justice or Justices, that, in such Calc the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover his, her or their Costs against him or them, to be taxed in such Manner by the proper Officer, as to include such Costs as such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs are liable to pay to such Defendant or Defendants for whom such Verdict shall be found as aforesaid.

Where the Judge

VII. Provided always, That where the Plaintiff in any such Action against any Justice of the Peace shall certify shall obtain a Verdict, in case the Judge before whom the Cause shall be tried, hall in open Court cer aaion\vas will, ?P the Pack of the Record, that the Injury for which such Action was brought, was wilfully and fully commit maliciously committed, the Plaintiff shall be entitled to have and receive double Costs of Suit.

ted. Plaintiff to recover double Costs.

---

[Limitation of Actions.]

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action shall be brought against any Justice of the Peace for anything done in the Execution of his Office, or against any Constable, Headborough or other Officer, or Person acting as aforesaid, unless commenced within six Calendar Months after the Act committed.

[Concerning Justices of Peace see ch. 55. and further 26 Geo. 2. c. 14 & c. 27. 27 Geo. 2. c. 16 & c. 20. 1 Geo. 3. c. 13.]

CAP. XLV.

An Act for the more effectual preventing of Robberies and Thefts upon any navigable Rivers, Ports of Entry or Discharge, Wharves, and Keys adjacent.

'WHEREAS diverse wicked and ill-disposed Persons are encouraged to commit Robberies and Thefts upon navigable Rivers, Ports of Entry and Discharge, Wharves and Keys adjacent, by the Privilege, as the Law now is, of being admitted to the Benefit of their Clergy;' Therefore, for the more effectual preventing such Felonies for the future, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[Persons convicted of Theft of 40s. Value on board any Vessel,]

That all and every Person or Persons that shall, at any Time from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, feloniously steal any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, of the Value of forty Shillings, in any Ship, Barge, ontoardva ue Lighter, Boat or other Vessel, or Craft, upon any navigable River, or in any Port of Entry or Discharge, vett et ^, or n any Creek belonging to any navigable River, Port of Entry or Discharge, within the Kingdom of Great Britain;

[

or shall feloniously steal any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, of the Value of forty shillings oronany vifhatf/jings, upon any Wharf or Key adjacent to any navigable River, Port of Entry or Discharge, or shall be or afilfting there present, aiding and assisting in the committing any of the Offences aforesaid, being thereof conviisted or in, C attainted, or being indicted thereof hall of malice stand mute, or will not directly answer to the indictment

excluded from nient; or hall peremptorily challenge above the Number of twenty Persons returned to be of the Jury; rlio bemfit.of

---

[excluded from the Benefit of Clergy.]

shall be excluded from the Benefit of Clergy.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for repealing the Duties now payable upon Foreign Linen Yarns, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

---

For former Provisions concerning Linen refer to 28 H. 8. c. 4. 1 El. c. 12. 7 & 8 W. 3. c. 39.

1 Ann. stat. 2. c. 8.

3 j4nn. c. %. - Air., r. 7. 10 Am. C 19 {£? 21. 12 Ann. flat. 2. C 9, ig tg? si 1 Gc. 1. C 36. 3 G. t. r. 7 C 1 r. i jga>.z. c. '30. 1 l.geo, 2. C 24, 23, 27 36.

21 Geo. 2. c. 26.

WHEREAS the Support and Encouragement of the British Manu failures of striped and chequered Vy Linen, and of Linen mixed with Cotton, is of great Importance to the Trade and Navigation of th s Kingdom: Ami whereas the Exports of the said manufactures have of late Years considerably dc creased: whereas the reducing of the Duties now payable upon foreign Linen Yarns, would.greatly

tend to the Encouragement and Support of the said Manufaihires, by putting them upon a more equal Footing with the Manufactures of other Nations, and thereby enable the British Manufacturers to regain and enlarge their Export Trade May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may he cnailed; and be it enacted by the King's moil Excel 1 Kit Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and

The present Du fifty-two, all the Rates, Duties, Subsidies, and Impositions, which are now payable by virtue tf liver.il it ics upoo Dutch, Acts of Parliament upon the Importation of Raw Foreign Linen Yarns, known by the Name of Dutch French, and Tarn and French Tarn, and of Spruce or mitj covia Tarn; and also upon the Importation of Whitened or aml unv'rodlu Bleached Foreign Linen Yarns, known by the Name of Uniirought hick and Short Spinncl!; and also upon tr.'lc j'lys.hort the Importation of all other Raw and Whitened or Bleached Foreign Linen Yam, shall ccafe and deter? «pinmll, amt mine, and be no longer paid.

aether Foreign

IL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu of the said Rates, Duties, Sub? 5 L tf0rted' anfl Impositions by this Act repealed as aforesaid, there hall, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, be granted and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs, grated in and Successors, the respective Duties following, upon the Importation of Foreign Linen Yarns into this ieu tiwise/. Kingdom, (that is to ihyj i'er

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 47v 391

For every Pound Weight of French, Dutch, Mtfcwla, or Sprues Raw Linen Yarn, the Sum of one Penny.

And for every Pound' Weight of Whitened or Bleached Linen Yarn, known by the Name of Univeaugit Inch or Short Spinn ll, of the Manufacture of any Part or Place not belonging to "the Crown of Great Britain, the Sum of threepence.

And also the find Duty of one Penny for every Pound Weight of all other Raw Linen Yarn.

And the said Duty of threepence for every Pound Weight of all other Whitened or Bleached Linen yarn respectively, of the Manufacture of any Part or Place not belonging, to the Crown of Great Britain.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties hereby granted shall be raised, Pujlcs. levied, 'and collected, by the respective Officers of his Majesty's Customs in this knr.gdom, under the Mae cvle'c!t' nagement and Direction of the respective Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being'; and that the said Duties shall be collected, raised, and levied, in the same Manner, and with the same Authorities and powers, and under the like Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the Rates, Duties,

Subsidies, and Impositions, hereby repealed as aforesaid, are now raised, collected, and levied, as fully and cffbctually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Provisions and Clauses, Directions, Matters and Things, i'elating to the raising, collecting, and levying of the said Rates, Duties, Subsidies, and Impositions, were herein particularly inserted and reenacted.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys arising by the said Duties, 0

hereby granted, shall be paid into the Exchequer separate and apart from all the Branches of the publickfc(^r Revenues, and shall be subject and liable to the same Uses and Purposes respectively, as the Duties hereby other Branches repealed and taken off are now liable and appropriated unto. of the Revenue.

See farther Geo. 2. c. 15. 2. C 32.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and for Allowances to the poor Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Orders of Loan, or Annuity Orders, payable at the Exchequer in lieu of such as shall be lost, burnt or destroyed; also for making forth new Orders of Loan or Annuity Orders, in lieu of such as shall become defaced, obliterated or otherwise encumbered with Assignments or endorse ments thereon.

MOST Gracious Sovereign; We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have cheer fully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year om thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, in the easiest Manner we are able, for the Benefit of your majesty's Subjects, and also to use such Ways and Means therein as that your Majesty may have the better and more speedy Effect of the said Supplies, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds out of the Surplusses, excefl es and Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund; and to that End and Purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may he enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys as now are or shall from Time to Time be and remain in the Receipt of the Ex 600, 0001. chequer, of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, (aftergranied.cut of pa) ing or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any termer"pj't5 Act or Acts of Parliamcn, to be paid out of the same) there shall and may be issued and applied, a Sum the s'uppiyfor not exceeding the said Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, for and towards the Supply granted to Lis the current Majesty for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and the Commissioners Year, of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, 'or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to blue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of his Ma clause of Loan jestyjs Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of at 31. £erccnt the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall think it adviseable to raise the said Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in Manner herein after mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance or iend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, and to have and receive for the Forbearance of the Money lent, Interest after a Rate not exceeding three Pounds per Centum 4' ptr

392 C 47. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

per Annum, to as such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, who are hereby authorised to issue their Warrants for that Purpose as fart as such Loans shall be wanted for the public Service; and moreover, that no Money to be lent upon the Security of this Act, shall be rated or assessed to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever.

Tallies anj Oi

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall lend any Money upon ders for Repay the Credit of this Act as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately ment> have a Tally of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his, her or their Repayment, bearing the same

Date with his, her or their Tally, in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment to carry jt. per of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, not exceeding the said Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, Tlw Orders to beto la cvel7 three Months', until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such Orders forrepay regi(icred, r and ment of Money so to be lent, shall be registered in Course, according to the Dates respectively, anj that paid in Course. all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall ffand registered in the said Regiiler Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders tirft entered in the said Books of rc gister, shall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be paid out of the said Surpluses, Excesscs or Overplus Moneys; and he, she or they who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; and that the Moneys to come in of or for the said Surpluses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund as aforesaid, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, successors or Assigns respectively, without any undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise, and shall not be diverted or divertable to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, (other than such Uses and Pur no See for reposes as are appointed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf as aforesaid) and that no Fee, fiftcring. Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views or Searches, in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies; on pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending, with full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to Penalty. lose his Place also; and if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made, either in point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with full Costs of Suit, to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if any such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Mailer, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Office or Place; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct the said Orders of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment upon such Orders, according 10 each person's due Place and Order as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Forfeitures how Costs in such Manner as aforesaid; which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages and Costs to be incurred to be recovered, by any the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

N undue Prc

IV. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan, or Orders

fcrcncc, where for Payment as aforesaid, bear Date or be trought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt, to be re

Taihes are uted, if|.ered then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, so as he enters the fume Day. them all the same Day.

Nor if subsequent 1 V. Provided also, That it shall not he interpreted any undue Preference to incur any Penalty in point of Orders be paid Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent qr b tore such as ders to perf()ns that come and demand their Moneys and bring their Orders, before other Persons that did thflbout not cf>me to take their Moneys and bring their Orders in Course, so as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them, Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

Orders affijnable

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be due toties quoties. for Loans, to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Regiiler as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by proper Words of Assignment to be endorsed and written upon his, her or their Order, may assign and transfer his, her or their Right, Title, Interest and Bene t of such Order, or any Part thereof, to any other, which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid; and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry aforesaid, nofeefor for Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make) shall in

Encrj. title such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, successors and Assigns to the Benefit

thereof, and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like manner assign again, and so t'.tis gutties; The Alignment and afterwards it shall not he in the Power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made such assign nyc to be voided.mem, to make void, release or discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Fart thereof.

VII. And,

393

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 47.

VII. And, to the end there may he no Want or Failure of a certain Sum, not to exceed in the whole the said Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by issuing Exchequer Bills, as is herein after mentioned, or by both or eicher of those Ways or Means, for the publick Service; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more m3j.e nc ww y of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall judge it more adviseable, to raise the said cheqivrbills for Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills, instead of such Loans as raising th? f., ia aforesaid, that then they respectively are hereby authorised and empowered, at any Time or Times, to600^00'-

grepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made at the Exchequer, any Number of new Exchequer ills, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, together with such Loans as aforesaid, in the same or like Manner, Form or Order, and according to the lame or like Rules and Directions as in and by a certain Act of Parliament, (For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one,) are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes,

Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities contained in the said last mentioned Act, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills, authorised to be made by the same Act (except such tions inibe Malt Clauses as do charge the same on the Rates and Duties granted by the same Act) shall be applied and ex aft. tended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills as shall be made in pur chequer Bills, fuance of this Act, and the Interest, Pramium, Rate and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall oof th/s^k be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and born by and out of the growingfund. Produce of the said Surplusses, Excelfes and Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund, as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf;,) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied as as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained for and towards the paying off, cancelling and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Intered, Pramium, Rate or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day ( Man e*tr3c"> of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, there shall be allowed upon the Books of every Ship ^ocmtoiw ati of War in Sea Pay, one other Seaman in every hundred Men that the Compliment of such Ship of lowed on the War shall confid of, for such Time only as the Number of Men employed in the Service of the Royal Books of Ships Navy shall not exceed twenty thousand; and that the Produce of the Wages of each such Seaman, and of War Sea the Value of his Victuals, shall be given and applied to the Relief of the poor Widows of Commission !7j'his \y5i>es and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, according to such Rules, Orders and Regulations as his ma vliue of his jesty hath established or appointed, or shall establish or appoint for that Purpose, over and above the one viaujs, to be Seaman allowed them by an Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and the principal Offi applied in Relief cers and Commissioners of the Navy Royal now and for the Time being, and all other Persons herein con 'r

cemed, shall and are hereby authorised and empowered to give Allowance on such Ships Books, of the "nd y7 nt of said one other Man in every hundred Men, born thereupon accordingly. ficers. 6 Goo z.

C 25. §. 18. cence^nltig Seamen see farther 31 Geo. 2. c. 10.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys Appropriation of coming into the Exchequer either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament

(entitled. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and ilt C'"'c' Perry for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one) and so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on t'ne.same Act, and all the Interest, Pramium, Rate and Charges thereupon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or Moneys sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament (entitled. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousandunj Tax, seven hundred and fifty-one) and so much Moneys, if any such be of the i axe thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after the Loans or Exchequer Bdls made or to be made on the same Act) and all the Interest,

Pramium, Rate and Charges thereupon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the lame; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, by Contributions for Annuities and a Lottery, after, the rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, granted by one other Act of this present Session of Parliament (entitled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two mill ons one hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised Battery Ael, by Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament) and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer by Exchequer Bills to be made forth in pursuance of one other Act of this present Session of Parliament (entitled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the several Sums of znd Sinking; Money therein mentioned by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for impovjcrhig the Com Band, missioners rf the Treasury to pay off the Old and New unsubscribed south-sea Annuities out of the Supply Voi. viio E e e. granted

394 C 47.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

and the 600, 0001, granted by this Act.

granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, and for enabling the Bank of England to hold General Courts, and Courts of Directors, in the Manner therein directed; and for giving certain Persons Liberty to subscribe Bank and south-sea Annuities omitted to be subscribed pur ft ant to two Acts of the last_ sejjhn of Parliament) and also the Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds by inis Act granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses and Purposes herein after expressed; is to say,

XII. It is hereby enacted and dedared by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there flrall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of ivicney not i.°4^)559 1. 7 s. exceeding one million forty LIX thousand five hundred and fifty-nine Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence, fr or towards the Naval Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say, For or towards 1v, ! Cl' defraying the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to sea officers, and for or towards Victuals, wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards Sea Services, in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed, and for or towards the Buildings, re buildings and Repairs of his Majesty's Ships for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and for or towards paying oft' and discharging such Part of the Debt of the Navy as is due upon the Head of Seamens Wages. io, ooool. towards

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or the Support of Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred and ten thousand eight hundred and fifty rounds three Shillings and one Penny, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

XV. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million seventy seven thousand three hundred and fortyfive Pound; nineteen Shillings and one Halfpenny, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed; that is to say, Any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six hundred and twelve thousand three hundred

6l d3for Gwards frfteel1 Pounds seven Shillings and eleven Pence, for defraying the Charge of eighteen thousand eight

n. or jar s'hundred and fifty seven effective Men, including Commission and non commission Officers, and one thousand eight hundred and fifteen Invalids, for Guards, Garrisons and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Giternfcy and Jerfy, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred and thirty-six thousand tour hundred and twenty Pounds eighteen Shillings and sixpence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons In the 1'lantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar and Providence, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding sixty two thousand five hundred and sixty seven Pounds two Shillings and sixpence, upon Account for out pensioners of Chelfia Hospital, for the y'ear one thousand and Province even hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding sixty four thousand Pounds, g", 6 upon account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land P'orces and Marines for the y'ear one thou 6d, o Out pen sand seven hundred and fifty-one, subject to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said fionsrs cf Chcl half-pay, as are hereafter prescribed concerning the same; and any Sum or Sums of Money not ex

Greemv ch Hospital.

110, 850 1. 3 s. id. Cowards defraying the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land service.

i.077.34s1-19 s. 3 q. towards the Land Forces,

of which

Sec. in Great Britain, guernsey and Jersey 5 2 36, 420 1. 18 s 6 d. 2 q. for Garrisons, See. in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland

fca Hospital; ceeding three thousand three hundred and ten Pounds, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced officer reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land p'orces and Marines as died upon the Lfhblishment of half-pay

1 n tiv < f si, 17k a ctova 4 a fbo uqta^o sho f urpnhr fi ffll rtf fj vj171 Ji ann P tlaait^lnrl

64, 0001. to the

3, io 1. to the in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand u duetd Officers seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; which said Sum of Widows, C three thousand three hundred and ten Pounds shall be issued to such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, direct and appoint to receive the lame, to be by him or them paid over to such Widows of half-pay Officers, or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lists or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications and other Allowances for the same as his Majesty, by such and the like Warrant or Warrants,

10t?to thvtwo he graciously pleaftd to direct and appoint; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four

Troop, of Horse thousand seven hundred and forty seven Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, for defraying the Charge Guards. and Re. for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse Guards, and some nt of Hoise Regiment cf Horse reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the four Troooos of Horse Guards mtuted, Sec. for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding General and' sixteen thousand Pounds, for the Pay of the General and Staff Officers of st.uvofficers; the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums; o, ooooi. to the thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Elector of Bavaria, parti lector of Ba suant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty seven thousand nine hundred and 47, 98^1. rrs. eighty-four Pounds fourteen Shillings and threepence, for defraying the extraordinary Expenses of his 3 d. towards Majesty's Land Forces and other Services incurred in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and peaces of the not provided for by Parliament.

Lind Forets ia XVI

j7j°.

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 47. 395

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or57)ssl1' '9s' Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and appli d any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding char ^so/ttanf fifty seven thousand five hundred and eighty-two Pounds nineteen Shillings and threepence Halfpenny, porting, upon Account, for defraying the Charges incurred by transporting to his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia Nova Scotia a and supporting and maintaining the re a Number of reduced Officers and private Men dismissed his Ma Mumbtr of re jesty's Land and Sea Service, and' other his Majesty's Subjects, settled in the said Colony in the Year^"^.officei5 one t'noufand seven hundred and forty-nine, and by supporting, maintaining and enlarging the Settlement" ' cn' of his Majesty's said Colony in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty-three thousand nine hundred and twenty 53>9-7k '4 s seven Pounds fourteen Shillings and fourpence, upon Account, for supporting and maintaining his ma dd'tv^ ".9.dyrt' jetty's Colony of Nova Scotia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one.; and any Sum or [belo" Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, towards the Support of the British Forts and Settle Year i CI ments upon the Coast of Africa, to be applied in such Manner as his Majesty shall think proper; and any'^.ooool toward Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand Pounds towards laying out, making and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the passage of Troops and Carriages between the City of Carlisle and the Town r; cae C

of navcajue upon Tyne, 3, 000l. towards

rruking a Road from Girlifle to ne^castje.

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or >'7f'>?93

Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money nogj W

exceeding two millions two hundred and seventy six thousand eight hundred and ninety three Pounds !mbcj So 'c.j. eleven Shillings and seven Pence, to pay off and discharge the unsubscribed Old and Nevj Annuities, after Ssa Annuities, the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferrable at the south-sea House, commonly called Old

and New South sen Annuities, at the ttated Times mentioned in one other at of this present Session of Parliament in that Behalf.

XVIII. And it is hereby declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of one million thirteen '>013.14.8 ' s

thousand one hundred and forty-eight Pounds four Shillings and sixpence, to be advanced by the Cover .7n'c'" bejj" nor and Company of the Bank of England for Exchequer Bills to be made forth in pursuance of the Atft 3, ^to p»y off herein before mentioned in that Behalf, shall be issued and applied to pay off and discharge the several un the unsubscribed subscribed Exchequer Orders payable there, out of the Duties on wrought Plate, and also the several un Exchequer or subscribed Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferrable at the Bank /ur

England, at the stated Times appointed by the Act herein before mentioned in that Behalf. nnkies!* '

XIX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup g 46i, s t d

plies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six to make good the thousand four hundred and sixty one Pounds one Shilling and one Penny, to replace to the Sinking Fund Deficiency of the the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Christ st3mp Dunes. mas one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twelve

thousand five hundred and thirty-four Pounds two Shillings and one Halfpenny, to replace to the said js q

Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of twelve Shil*"ji^fet0'i lings a Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar at Michaelmas one thousand sweets n seven hundred and fifty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-five thousand Pounds, t03;, ocol forin replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to answer one year's Interest due at' "'eft or the Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and fifty, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum dupe per Annum on the principal Sum of, pne Million lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, which were continued for six Years from ladyday one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, towards the Supply for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive; any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand 4, 59* ! '6 s. five hundred and ninety-two Pounds sixteen Shillings and nine Pence, to replace to the said Sinking Fund cd,

the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Duties on Wines at t: /duties on Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and any Sum or Sums of Mone}' not exceeding seven Wnies, thousand eight hundred and eighty Pounds seventeen Shiiiings and one Penny, to replace to the said Sink 7, 880k 17s. id. ing Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty on Licences for remake _ tailing Spirituous Liquors at ladyday one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and any Sum or Sums of"vj'i" Money not exceeding thirty thousand four hundred and twenty-two Pounds six Shillings and threepence, L s^rituous'" to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Liquors.

Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors at Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and any Sum gs.

or Sums of Money not exceeding seventy thousand and ninety seven Pounds fourteen Shiiiings and eight 3d. to mike Pence, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sums pafd out of the same, to make good the Defi the Duties ciency of the Plates and Duties upon Houses, Windows and Lights, at Michaelmas one thousand seven " 9, ^3jaj'? hundred and fifty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty-two thousand five hundred and q; '"r5 a"'\iid fifty nine Pounds twelve Shillings and seven Pence Halfpenny, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like iommet t a. Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and 70, 097 k 14 s. fifty, of the Subsidy of Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes imported into this Kingdom since the 8d. loftnke^ first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; any Sum or Sums of Money not ex 7hmfefu&r ceeding sixty five thousand seven hundred and ninety seven Pounds eight Shillings and eleven Pence three ^michacimas" Farthings, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven, hundred and fifty. 42, 359 k r s

7<1. 2 cj, to make good the Subsidy of Poundage on Goods imported at Michaelmas 1750. 651797k Ss, u d. 39. to roske good the Deficiency of the

Grants for 1740.

396 C 47. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

The Supplies to

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids and Supplies provided as be applied only aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Tj1, 3 Aadl' Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout by any AH or ahs, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XXI. And as to the said Sum of sixty four thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated on account of half-pay as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, Thzt the Rules herein Ituies to be ob after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application of the said half-pay; that is to say. That no prv.d in the Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who was a Minor, and under the Age of six teen Years, Application of at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company in which he served was reduced; that no Person V wr'1' shall L ave 01 receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, f. r.-troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit Civil or Military §. 24. under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison

or Regiment who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall hat e or receive ny Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who has resigned his Commission and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the live Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain. jy Geo. 2. C 21. '

XXII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign,

(entitled An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of nine hundred thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and for applying certain Surplus Moneys rc maining in the Exchequer, as Part of the Supply of the said Tear, and for the Application of certain Savings in the Hands of the pay ma Her general, and for obviating a Doubt in an Act of the fifth Year of King George the First, in respect to the Payment of certain Annuities thereby granted for the Improvement of Fisheries and Mamfadlures in Scotland, and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted this Session of Parliament,

'4 and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contrails cf Clerks and Apprentices, and for transferring the Bounties now payable upon the Exportation of British Sail Cloth to the Customs, and for enforcing the Laws against the clandestine Importation of Soap, Candles and Starch into this Kingdom) several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding sixty seven thousand Pounds, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid AH were prescribed in that Behalf Overplus of Now it is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said 67, 000], appro Sum of sixty seven thousand Pounds, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced pnated to the^Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said Act to be observed in the Application thereof, or to be pplied'"'any art of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed, or loft: their such Obicfts of Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as by reason of their long Service, or otherwise, his Majesty Charity as his shall judge to be proper objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according Majesty shall di to {jich Warrant or Warrants, under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that bear anything in this Act, or the said former Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And whereas several Bills, commonly called Exchequer Bills, several Tickets in the public Lotteries, and Certificates made forth in lieu thereof, and likewise several Orders of Loan, and Orders for Annuities of several Denominations, payable at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, made forth by Authority of Parliament, have been or may hereafter by Casualty or Mischance be lost, burnt, or ochef pnplicates to u ' wise destroyed be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where it shall ap n.ade forth of pear by Affidavit to be made before any of the Barons of the Exchequer for the Time being, (who shall such Exchequer interrogate the Deponent thereupon) to the satisfaction of such Baron or Barons, That any such Ex tickets °cernfi c^etluer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Orders of Loan or Annuity Orders as aforesaid, have been cater. Orders of or shall hereafter be lost, burnt or destroyed, or that there be good Reason to believe that the same have i.oan, or annui been lost, burnt or destroyed, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Officers and Persons appointed, ty Orders, as to jftjje and make forth such Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Orders of Loan, or Annuity or otherwifl°dc or ^ers> or to payor discharge the same, or to issue any Moneys thereon, upon producing a Certificate from flrcjcj, " any of the said Barons of such Affidavit made before him or them, (which Affidavit the said Barons, or any of them, is and are hereby required to take, and which Certificate he or they are hereby required to grant without Fee or Reward) and on sufficient Security given to the King, his Heirs and successors, to indemnify the said respective Officers and Persons against all other Persons whatsoever, for and concerning the Moneys specified in or due upon such respective Bill or Bills, Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, they the said Officers and Persons respectively shall and are hereby required to make forth Duplicates of the said Bills, Tickets, Certificates and Orders, at the Request of the respective Owners or Proprietors thereof, and to pay and discharge the same, and all such Interest as shall be due on any of them carrying Interest, as he or they should have paid or discharged on the said original Bills, 'Pickets, Certificates, Orders of Loan, or Annuity Orders, if the same had been produced; and shall be allowed all such Payments in their respective Accounts,

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 48. 397

XXIV. And in all Cases where the signing of the Commissioners of his Majesty's tver.fury, or the ccrrro^p&ncr3 High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, is necessary for making the said Duplicates, or any fu C h du of them effeistual, for the Purposes aforesaid; is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That piicates. it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the said High Treasurer for the Time being, to sign such Duplicates accordingly.

XXV. And whereas it may so happen that several of the said Orders of Loan, and other Orders for jew f 4 Annuities of several Denominations, payable at the said Receipt of Exchequer, may become defaced, &-

obliterated or encumbered with, many Alignments endorsed thereupon, and it may be necessary that new to be made out Orders should be made forth in lieu thereof; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, in lieu of iuc'n That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or as be filled

more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, and they are hereby also empowered to cause new Orders to be made out in lieu of such respective Orders as shall become defaced, obliterated, orj^d!'0' C otherwise encumbered as aforesaid, which said respective Orders shall at the same Time be delivered up and cancelled, and the new Order or Orders made out in lieu thereof, shall be made payable and delivered to the Person or Persons who shall appear to be the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Order or Orders, so to be delivered up and cancelled, at the Time of such Delivery up as aforesaid; the Auditor of the said Entry to be Receipt of Exchequer shall always take care that such Entries or Memoranda be made upon the said "j/y'nd'/* new Orders, as may denote their being made in lieu of such defaced, obliterated, encumbered, or other 121'"*: li'

wife defective Orders cancelled, and as may secure the Publick against any double Payments, for or by reason of the making out or issuing such new Orders in Manner aforesaid.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for the Abbreviation of Michaelmas Term.

WHEREAS in the Beginning of the Term of Saint Michael, commonly called Michaelmas 'term, Refer to 16 Car,

very little Business can be done, on account of the several Holidays that are observed by the High C 4 Courts of Record of our Sovereign Lord the King, between the first Day of the said Term and the fix^h 4 Day of November following; Therefore for the Ease and Benefit of his Majesty's Subjects, may it please your moll: Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Feast Day After 29 sep of Saint Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, there tembsr 1752, shall be in Michaelmas Term four common Days of Return only (that is to say) the first Day of Return j°ur conon thereof shall be and be called the Morrow of All Souls, the second Day of Return of the same Term shall to be in be and be called the Morrow of Saint Martin, the third Day of Return of the same Term shall be and be Michaelmas called In eight Days of Saint Martin, and the fourth Day of Return of the same Term Avail be and be Term; called In fifteen Days of Saint Martin.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same Days of Returns shall be ob the same Days served and kept in all the High Courts of Record of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and successors, rib obfe: veda hereafter to be held at ivefhninster, or other Place or Places, at the Alignment or Appointment of our 1 e ouns' Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors; that from and after the Feast: Day of Saint Mino Returnsto be chacl the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, there shall not he fromjvlic.has1' nor be called any Days of Return From the Day of Saint Michael in three Weeks, nor from the Day of w eks7no/ Saint Michael in one Month, nor either of them; and that the said Term of Saint Michael yearly for ever, ft0'm that Day from and after the said Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, in 1 Month, flail begin in and upon the said Morrow of All Souls whensoever it shall happen to fall, (except it be on The Term to be the lord's Day, commonly called Sunday) and then on the Morrow next after for the keeping of essoigns, sv"

Prefers, Returns, and other Ceremonies heretofore used and kept, in like Manner and Form as hath been 'ow - ' J "fed to be done in the Day of the Return, commonly called From the Day of Saint Michael in three and the full Weeks; and that the full Term of Saint Michael shall yearly for ever, from and after the said Feast: of sainttern) the Michael one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two. In all the aforesaid Courts of Record, begin and taketf° "r*c^'tytj0'fc its Commencement upon the fourth Day of the said Morrow of All Souls, (except it be on the lord's Day, pay shall hap commonly called Sunday) and then on the Morrow next after. pen on a Sunday

III. And for the more speedy Proceeding in Writs of Dower unde nihil halet, and Writs of Entry for Days of Returno common Recoveries to be lued and prosecuted by Writs of Entry or Writs of Right of Advowson, and in of Writs.

all other real Actions; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the feast of Saint Michael the Archangel one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two coming, if any Writ in any such Action come in, and be returnable in his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, in the Day of the Return of the Morrow of All Souls, then Day shall be given in fifteen Days of Saint Martin; if on the Morrow of Saint Martin, then in eight Days of Saint Hilary; if in eight Days of Saint Martin, then in fifteen Days of Saint Hilary, if in fifteen Days of Saint Martin, then on the Morrow of The Purification, if in eight Days of Saint Hilary, then in eight Days of The Purification; if in fifteen Days of Saint Hilary, then in fifteen Days of Easier; on the Morrow of The Purification, then in three Weeks from the Day of Easier; in eight Days of The Purification, then in one Month from the Day of Easter; if in fifteen Days of Easier, then in five Weeks from the Day of Easier, if in three Weeks from the Day of Easier, then on the Morrow of The Afcmjisn of our Lord; if in one Month from the Day of Easier, then on the Morrow of the Holy Trinity, if in five Weeks from the Day of Easier, then in eight Days of the Holy Trinity, if

398 C 48. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

on tyre Morrow of The Afccnfton of our Lord., then in fifteen Days of The Holy Trinity -, if on the Morrow of The Holy Trinity, then in three Weeks from the Day of The Holy Trinity, if in eight Days of The Holy Trinity, then on the Morrow of All Souls, if in fifteen Days of The Holy Trinity, then on tyre Morrow of Saint Martin; if in three Weeks of The Holy Trinity, then in tight Days of Saint mart' n. in Writs of

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Writs of Dnwer, 'caster Dower unde nihil habet, after Ifiiic joined, it shall not be needful or requisite to have above fifteen Days niue joined, is betwixt the Teste and Return of the Venire facias, or any other Process to be filed out for the Trial of the h/twern thctefte ilue, but that the Writ of Venire foci's, and other Prccefs, after Issue joined, until Judgement be ami Return of given, having only fifteen Days between the Teste and Return thereof, shall be good and effectual in the Venire. Daw, as is used in Personal actions; any Law, Statute or Usage, to the contrary heretofore notwithstanding.

Writs, see. hav. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Feast th^fri'r h0? Michael the Archangel one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, all Writs and Process here the

marrow°of ater to be made out of any or his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, and having Day from the fourth Day he Ascension to of the Morrow of The Ascension, to the Morrow of The Holy Trinity, shall be good and effectual in Law, the Morrow of notwithstanding the re be not fifteen Days between the Teste and the Return of the said wri.s. llic h ijy Trinity to be .»ood.

Writs, tec. re

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Writs or Process made, or to be rurnrble in three made returnable upon the following Returns, videlicet, in three Weeks of Saint Michael, or from the Weeks of Samt Day of Saint Michael in one Month next following, or having Days between either of the said Returns, one"month item L by force and virtue of this at, have Day unto the said Morrow of All Souls, and the Parties to that Dav,* the said Writs and Process shall then appear, and plead and proceed thereupon to all Intents and Purposes,

to have. Day onto as if the said Writs and Process had been made returnable on the said Morrow of Ail Souls, the Morrow of All Souls.

Days of Return of common writs in the Term.

Writs of Summons to warrant abridged to four Returns inclusive,

Courts to appoint special Dash of Returns where ufoial,

Days of Assize in Darrein rreient ment and clyo'e impedit, and the Days ro be given in Attaint, to stand.

5 Ed. 3. C 6,

23 H. 8. C 3.,

The presenting and lwearing thu Mayors of London to be on9 November.

t4 Ed. 3. C 7.

thfd y of af

ffmblr gai the Exchequer lor owiiimn*: Sheri? U' be on rlm moir vi of it Maim.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Common Writs, as well personal as mixed, which shall happen to be returnable in the said Michaelmas Term, shah have and keep the said Returns of the Morrow of All Souls, the Morrow of Saint Martin, in eight Days of Saint Martin, and in fifteen Days of Saint Martin, or any of them.

VIII. And whereas before the making of this Act, all Writs of Summons to warrant against the Vouchers upon common Recoveries had, in Writs of Entry and Writs of Right of Advowson, were made for five Returns inclusive Now for the more speedy perfecting of stich Recovery, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, all and every such Writs of Summons to warrant upon the Appearance of the Tenant to every such Writ of Entry and Writ of Right of Advowson, shall and may be made and abridged to four Returns inclusive.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in such and like Cases and Process as special Days have been used to be appointed and assigned and given for the Return of Writs and Process, it shall be lawful to the Justices of every the King's said Courts of Record for the time being, in all the Process by them awarded, to assign and appoint special Days of Returns, as by them shall be thought convenient.

X Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Days of Assize in Darrein Presentment and in a 1 lea of ffliare inipedit limited and appointed by the Statute of Marlbridgr, and also the Days to be given in Attaint limited in the Statute made in the fifth Year of the Reign of King Eduard the Third, and also in the Statute made in the three and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, being not contrary to the Tenor of this Act, shall be held firm, and stand in their full Force and Effect.

t'

XI. And whereas by diverse Charters heretofore granted to the Citizens of London, by his Majesty's 1 Royal Predecessors Kings and Queens of England, it is directed that the Mayor of the said City, after he is chosen, shall be presented and iv/otn before the King or Queen of England in their Court of Exchequer at Westminster, or before the Barons of the said Court: And whereas the said Solemnity after every annual Election of the said Mayor, hath been usually kept and observed by the said City on the twenty ninth Day of October, except the same fall on a Sunday, and then on the Day following: 'Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Feast of Saint Michael, which shall be in the Year or our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, the said Solemnity of presenting and swearing the Mayors of the City of lomln, after every annual Election into the said Office, in the Manner and Form heretofore used on the twenty-ninth Day of October, shall he kept and observed on the ninth Day of November in every Year, unless the same shall fall on a Sunday, and in that case on the Day following; any Rule or Order in any of the Charters of the said City, or the Usage or Customs thereof to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And whereas by the Abbreviation of Michaelmas Term pursuant to this Act, the Morrow of All Souls will not be in full Term, and thereby will prove inconvenient for the purpose of ordaining She ' 1 id's pursuant to an Act of Parliament made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Third,

entitled, Hnu long a Sheriff shall continue in his Office Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Commencement of this Act the same Officers and Persons, who by virtue of the find L ift mentioned Act, or any other Law or Statute, ought to assemble at the Exchequer yearly on the Morrow of All Souls, for the ordaining or nominating of Sheriffs, shall not assemble on that Day, but instead thereof shall assemble yearly on the Morrow of Saint Martin at the Exchequer, in the like Manner, and for the same Intent and Purpose.

cvnctrinkfr jf jccjurther 32 Geo. 2. c. 14.

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II.

CAP. XLIX.

C 49> 5°* 399

An Act for allowing further Time to the Commissioners appointed by and in pursuance of an Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, to inquire into the Claims of certain Creditors of the Royal African Company therein mentioned, and for the Relief of David Crichton; and for restraining the said Company from disposing of inch of their Effects as are therein mentioned; and for (laying all Suits for Money due from or on the Account of the said Company, for the Time therein mentioned.

PR.

23 Geo. 2. c. 31.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa) it was enacted, That the Accomptant General of the High Court of Chancery for the Time being, and such two of the other Matters of the said Court, as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain for the Time being, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, or the Lords Commissioners for the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, should from time to time nominate for that Purpose, should be, and they were thereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the said Royal African Company; and to inquire and state how and when the same were respectively incurred, in such manner as in and by the said Act is directed with their Opinion of the Justness and Reasonableness of such Debts respectively; to lay the Account of their Proceedings before the Parliament with all convenient Speed: And whereas the said Commissioners have laid an Account of their Proceedings before the Parliament; but several Claims of the company's Officers and Servants abroad, for Salaries due to them, or for Goods sold and delivered for the said Company's Use, and which are hereafter more particularly mentioned, for want of proper Vouchers from abroad, could not be examined into within the Time prescribed for that Purpose by the said Act; 'Be it therefore enacted, &c.

"The Powers granted to the Commissioners by the recited Act to be in Force, for dating the Claims of "the Creditors herein named. Creditors to deliver in an Account of their further Demands, &c. by 1 "December 1751. Commissioners to finish the Examination of Claims by 12 January, and to lay their "Proceedings before the Parliament. Africati Company not to dispose of any military Stores, &c. for "one Year. Suits depending against the Company stayed for one Year. Stay of Execution of Judgement given by David Crichton to iviliiam Stead enlarged for one Year, (Ac.

CAP. L

An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

WHEREAS his most excellent Majesty now Hands seized of the Duchy of Cornwall and the Pof Sec further -

sessions thereof; and whereas some Doubts may arise in relation to his Majesty's granting Leases Geo. 2. ». io.'

and making Copies of Offices, Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of his said Duchy, or thereunto annexed

belonging; For obviating whereof, and for the Ease and Quiet of the Minds of such Persons as have taken, or shall hereafter take Leases from his said most Excellent Majesty; and to the End that such Persons

may be sure to have good and indefeizable Estates, and be encouraged to lay out Moneys in building and

repairing, or otherwise improving the several Lands and Tenements to them demised, or to be demised; Be

it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, that his Majesty en

all Leases and Grants made or to be made by Copy of Court Roll, according to the Custotn of the respctftiveabled to make

Manor or Manors of the said Duchy, or thereunto annexed or belonging; and all Leases and Grants to

be made within seven Years next ensuing, by Letters Patents or Indentures under the Great Seal of Great Lanti ° C Pal.

Britain, or Seal of the Court of Exchequer, or by Copy of Court Roll according to the Custom of the cel of his Duchy

respective Manors, of any Offices, Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments (other than of Cornwall.

Honours, Lordships or Manors) Parcel of the Possessions of the said Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to

the same, shall be good and efredtual in Law, according to the Purport and Contents of the same Copies,

Leases and Grants, against our sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, and against all and every other Person or Persons that shall at any time hereafter have, inherit or enjoy the said Duchy by Force of any Act of Parliament, or by other Limitation whatsoever.

II. Provided always, That every such Lease or Grant so made, or to be made, be not for more than Leases to le made one, two or three Lives, or for one and thirty Years, or under, or for some Term of Years determinableyqs^rthe? upon one, two or three Lives, and not above; and if such Leases or Grants be made in Reversion or Expediency, that then the same, together with the Estates in Possession, do not exceed three Lives, or the Term of one and thirty Years, and be not in any wise made difpunishable of Waste; so as upon everyant! not tp 1, 5 such Lease or Grant be, or shall be reserved the ancient or most usual Pvent, or more, or such Rent as hath t!fp" ni(lial, 'e o;

Waite,

2 been, '

400 C 51. Anno vicesimo quaito Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

and the usual or been reserved', yielded or paid for the same Manors, Lands or Hereditaments, for the greater Part of twenty trafonahlcrent Year! next before the making of the said Leases; and where no such Rent hath been reserved or payable, to be reserved. t]lat tp, cn upon every such Lease there be, or shall be reserved a reasonable Rent, not being under the twentieth Part of the clear yearly Value of the Manors, Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tythes, Tenements or Hereditaments contained in such Lease or Grant; and all Leases and Grants otherwise made or to be made, shall be null and void.

Reservations in

III. And be it further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Covenants, Condition?, d»em"cj od, reservat"lons another Agreements contained in every Lease, Grant or Copy of Court Roll made, or to emc goo. mac]eas aforesaid, shall be good and effectual in Law, according to the Words and Contents of the same, as well for and against them to whom the Reversions of the same Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall come, as for and against them to whom the Interest of the said Leases, Grants or Copies shall come respectively, as if our sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, at the Time of making such Covenants, Conditions and Reservations, and other Agreements, were seized of an absolute Estate in Fee Simple in the same Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments.

Rights of other IV Saving always, To all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Folitiek and Corporate, their Heirs Persons laved, and Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns (other than to our said sovereign Lord the King, and his Heirs and Successors, and the Duke and Dukes of Cornwall for the Time being, and his and their Heirs, and all and every other Person and Persons that shall hereafter have, inherit or enjoy the said Dukedom of Cornwall, by Force of any Act of Parliament or other Limitation whatsoever] all such Rights, Titles, Estates, Customs, Interests, Tenures, Claims and Demands whatsoever, of what Nature, Kind or Quality whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the said Offices, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any of them, as they or any of them had, or ought to have had, before the making of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, and in as large and ample Manner and Form, as if this Act had never been had or made; this Act or anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LI.

For firm? Law An act for encouraging the making of Pott Ashes and Pearl Ashes in the British Plantations

concerning Plan amined.

tations, refer to

12 Car, 2. C 18. 15 Car, 2, C 7. 22 & 23 Car. 2. C 26 25 Car. 2. C 7. 7 8 TV. 3. C 22. 11 TV, 3. C 12. 3 4. Ann. C 5 & 10. 6 Am. c. 3c o

37. 8 Ann. C 13.9Aar. r. 17 27. jo Ann, C 22 £? 2o. 4 Gee. r. r, it. S Geo. 1. c. 12 & 15. 13 Geo. 1. c. 5. 3 Geo. 2. r, 12 £? 28. 4 Gcs.

2. C 15. 5 Geo. 2. c. 7 & o. 6 Geo. 2. c. 13. 8 Geo. 2. c. 19. 12 Geo. 2. c. 3c. 15 Geo. 2. c. 31 & 33.

WHEREAS the making of Pott Ashes and Pearl Ashes in the British Plantations in America would 'be advantageous to the Trade of this Nation, as great Quantities thereof are used in the making of Soap and other Manufactures of this Kingdom, which at present being chiefly furnished from foreign Parts, the Supply of that necessary Commodity is uncertain, and the Price often exorbitant: 'May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's ntoft excellent majesty, by and with the Advice and confcr.t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this No Duties to be present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-ninth pan! on bettor Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, the several and respective Subsidies, Customs, portedfasm the p'np0f'lt>0ns > Rates and Duties now payable on Pott Ashes or Pearl Ashes made in and imported front British plants his Majesty's Colonies in America into any Part of Great Britain, shall cease, determine and be no longer

tions. paid.

Conditions to be

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a due Entry shall be obfewej in the made of all Pott Allies and Pearl Ashes which shall be made in, and imported from the said Colonies into importation < t Great Britain at the customhouse, at the Time of the Importation thereof, in the same Manner and Form a/hcst" Mr (expressing the Package, Marks and Numbers, together with the Quantities of the respective Goods) as Was used and practised before the making of this Act; and the same shall be landed in the Presence of, and examined by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs appointed for that purpui'e; and shall be imported in Ships or vessels that may lawfully trade to his Majesty's Plantations, manned as by Law is required; and on Failure of the said Conditions or Directions herein before mentioned, such Pott Ashes and Pearl Ashes shall be liable to the Payment of the respective Duties, as if this Act had never been made.

Person, loading

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to entitle the 'a impor" er and Importers of Pott Ashes or Pearl Ashes to the Benefit of this Act, every Merchant or other rkvto nvikt Person or Persons whatsoever who shall, after the twenty-ninth Day of Sept mber one thousand seven hun oa'.h before the dred and fifty-one, load any Pott Ashes or Pearl Ashes on beard any Ship or Veiled in any of the British coll(.£to "that Colonies or Plantations in America, shall, before the clearing out of the said Ship orveilcl from thence, the same are of make Proof on Oath before the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and Naval Officer, at the Port only brui(h"1cor Flacc where such Pott Ashes or Pearl Ashes shall be put on board, or any two of them, that the Pott Colonies Ashes or Pearl Ashes which he, she, or they hath or have shipped on board the said Ship or Veiled, is bona fide of the Product and Manufacture of some or one of the Britisi) Colonies or Plantations in America, expressing the exact Quantity of such Pott Ashes or Pearl Ashes, and the Pariflt or Place in such Plantation where the same was made, and by whom (which Oath the said Collector and Comptroller of the cuitems, and Naval Officer, or any two of them, are hereby required and empowered to administer without Fee or Reward] and the Multer, Commander, or other Person taking Charge of the Ship or Veiled on

board

A.D. 175t. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 51. 401

board which such Pott Ashes or Pearl Ashes shall be loaded, shall also bring with him a Certificate cr cei anj the Matter tiheates from such Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and Naval Officer, or any two of them as° burg a ceiti aforesaid, under their Hands and Seals of Office (which Certificate or Certificates such Collector and from the Comptroller of the Customs and Naval Officer, are hereby required and directed to grant, without fee.or Reward) expressing the Marks and Number ofcafks or Packages, also the Weight and Tale of the Pott and Namier 6f Ashes and Pearl Ashes contained therein, and so Lipped or loaded on board such Ship or Vessel, with the lockages, it. Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode of the Exporter or Exporters thereof, from the said British Colonies or Plantations in America, and the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode of such other Person or Persons who shall have sworn the Goods therein mentioned to have been the Product and Manufacture of the said British Colonies or Plantations in America, which Certificate or Certificates the said Master, which he is to Commander, or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Veiled shall, on his Arrival in this Kingdom, deliver at his ar deliver to the Collector, Comptroller or other chief Officer of his Majesty's Customs at the Port where he(q°^e£ "!^ shall arrive at, or before the Entry of the said Pott Allies or Pearl Ashes; and at the same Time shall make Hen

Oath before the said Collector, Comptroller or chief Officer of his Majesty's Customs (who are hereby tiq of the Guo*, required and empowered to administer the same, without Fee or Reward) that the said Casks, and Parcels and Goods, contained in such Certificate, are the same Casks, and Parcels and Goods, as were taken on board such Ship or Vessel in the said British Colonies or Plantations in America; and if any Pott Ashes or Pearl Ashes of the Product and Manufacture of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, shall, after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, be imported as herein before mentioned, without such Certificate signed and delivered as herein before required, and Oath made as before directed, by themaster, Commander or other Person taking Charge of the Ship or Vessel in which the same is imported, all such Pott Ashes and Pearl Afnes shall be liable to the Payment of the respectiveon Failure there. Duties, as if this Act had never been made; anything herein before contained to the contrary not with th'.dutlci ta standing. e pal '

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and Penalty of ma

after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, make, or cause to V

be made, an Entry or Entries of any Foreign Pott Ashes or Pearl Ashes, under the name or Description of^o^mider the Pott Ashes or Pearl Ashes of the Product or Manufacture of any of the British Colonies or Plantations in Denomination of America, or shall mix, or cause to be mixed, any Foreign Pott Ashes or Pearl Ashes with Pott Ashes or Pearl the British Pl n ashes of the Product or Manufacture of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, with Intent totaf'°ns' °'of evade the duties payable on Foreign Pott Ashes and Pearl Ashes; Person or Persons so making, or " " le causing to be made, such Entry or Entries, or mixing, or causing such Mixture or Mixtures to be made,

shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence, and all such Foreign Pott Ashes and Pearl Ashes; and in case of any Mixture, the Quantity so mixed, both of Foreign and British) Plantation Product and Manufacture, or the Value thereof, together with the Casks or other Packages containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted, or the Value thereof be sued for by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Collector or Comptroller of the Customs, renalty on a and Naval Officer, shall falsely make any such Certificate as herein before required or directed to be made, falls Certificate; all and every such Person so offending mail, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and also forfeit and lole his Office, and be incapable of serving his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in any Office of Trust or Profit; or if any Merchant, Factor, Trader, Master or Commander

of any Ship or Vessel, or any other Person or Persons, shall falsely make any Oath required by this Act, and on false every such Offender shall incur the Punishment inflicted by the Laws of this Realm for wilful and corrupt0ath;

Perjury; and if any Person shall knowingly counterfeit any such Certificate as herein before is directed toor counterfeiting be made, or publish the same, knowing it to be counterfeit, every such Person so offending shall incur the Certificate. Punishment inflicted by the Laws of this Realm for Forgery.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and for forfeitures, how feitures by this Acts inflicted, shall and may be prosecuted, determined and recovered, by Bill, Plaint or to be prosecuted. Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any of the Courts of Admiralty in his Majesty's Plantations in America respectively; no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority alorefttid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by thisani1 app'1^1 Act imposed, shall, if in Great Britain, be applied, one Aloiety to the use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall seize, prosecute or sue for the same; and

all such Penalties and Forfeitures as shall be incurred in his Majesty's Plantations in America, shall he applied, one third Part thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Pleirs and Successors, one third Part to the Use of the Governor of the Plantation where the Forfeiture shall be incurred, and the remaining third Part to such Person or Persons who shall seize, prosecute, or, sue for the same.

VIII. Provided always, That if any Doubt or Dispute shall arise, whether the said Pott Ashes or Pearl Probandi Ashes, or any Part thereof, so to be imported as aforesaid, is of the Product and Manufacture of thebritij!)qj^0" tl, B" Colonies or Plantations in America, or of Foreign Product or Manufacture, the Onus Probandi shall lie on " r'

the Owner or Claimer thereof, and not on the Informer or Prosecutor; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com limitation of mcnced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Actions.

Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after the Fads committed; and the Defendant or Der

fendants, in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Geneml htoc,

402

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 52.

Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Aff; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Affion, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against tie Treble Costs. Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy (or, the same as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

conidrnitfg f'j*t /

uititm Jet fuiibcrchap. 53. and 25 Geo. z. r 6. 29 Gtom 2. r. 5 & 35. 30 Geo. 2. r, 9,

CAP. LII.

An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Premiums upon the importation of Malts, Yards and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch and Turpentine; to British made Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British made Gunpowder.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned are found to be very useful and beneficial to the Public, and are so near expiring, that it is fit they should now be continued; 'Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

ro^«ncourabin^' much of an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the

the Importation better Preservatwn of his Majesty's Woods hi America, and for the Encouragement of the Importation of Naval

of naval Stores Stores from thence; and to encourage the Importation of Masts, Yards and Boufprits, from that Part of Great

'>pm America, Britain called Scotland, as relates to the Premiums upon Masts, Yards and Boufprits, Par, Pitch and Turpen

ct tine, which was made to be in Force from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred

continued') and twenty-nine, for the Space of thirteen Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

stceo' a. C sand which by another Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further

further conti continued until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence

nued ur.to 25 to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from

December 1751. the Time therein limited for the Expiration thereof, unto the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand

cea; Geo. a. seven hundred and fifty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, C 35*

Furl lei' continued, by 32 Geo. 2. c. 23.

Tars 32s each II Provided, That no Bounty shall be paid on any Tar, iinless each Barrel thereof dial] contain thirty fisrrcl contain one Gallons and an half, and that the Officers who survey such Barrel, shall not survey the same, till the 31 Gallons and Water shall be all drawn off, and every Barrel filled up with Tar.

an half'i C

<)Geo. 1. C 37.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Aff made in the ninth Year of the lor encouraging Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of the Manufacture British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, which was to be in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred '0I'c' 'and thirty-six, for the Space of five Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and continued by which by another Aff made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further

23 Geo. 2. C continued until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to

further conti End f the then. next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from nued unto 25 the lime therein limited for the Expiration thereof, unto the twenty-fifth Day of December one thou dcc. 1757, and (and seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

further by 31

'jcaf c'iv. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Aff made in the fourth Year of the tl !ni'*/u'!owrincc r elgn of his present Majesty, (entitled. An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British on Exportation made Gunpowder) which was to continue in Force for five Years from the twenty-fourth Day of June one or British Gan thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, jowder, and which by another Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued

continued by

for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by

und i6gco'27'an°iher Aff made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until C ' " the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the End of the

further conti then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration nued to 24 June thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence «757. amt again to tjlc £uj 0(' their next Session of Parliament,

oy 31 Gfu 2,

36.

---

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 53. 403.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit in his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, Connecticut, the Massachusets Bay, and New Hampshire in America; and to prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payments of Money.

WHEREAS the Act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne,

[6 Ann. c. 30.]

---

intituled, An Act for ascertaining the Rate of foreign Coins in her Majesty's Plantations in America, hath been entirely frustrated in his Majesty's said Colonies of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations,

Connecticut, the Massachusets Bay, and New Hampshire in America, by their creating and issuing, from Time to Time, great Quantities of Paper Bills of Credit, by virtue of Adds of Assembly, Orders, Resolutions or Votes, made or passed by their respective Assemblies, and making legal the Tender of such Bills of Credit in Payment for Debts, Dues and Demands; which Bills of Credit have, for many Years pair,

been depreciating in their Value, by means whereof all Debts of late Years have been paid and satisfied with a much less Value than was contracted for, which hath been a great Discouragement and Prejudice to the Trade and Commerce of his Majesty's Subjects, by occasioning Confusion in Dealings, and lessening of Credit in those Parts Therefore, for the more effectual preventing and remedying of the said Inconveniences, may it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, it shall not beno Act topafs lawful for the Governor, Council or Assembly for the Time being, or any of them, or for the lieutenant^i i reaiingpaper Governor, or Person presiding or adding as Governor or Commander in Chief, for the Time being, within slils of Credit», all or any of the aforesaid Colonies or Plantations of Rhode Ifand, and Providence Plantations, Connecticut, the Mafachufets Bay, and New Hampshire, to make or pass, or give his or their Afient to the making or passing of any Act, Order, Resolution or Vote, within any of the said Colonies or Plantations, whereby any Paper Bills or Bills of Credit, of any Kind or Denomination whatsoever, shall be created or issued under any Pretence whatsoever; whereby the Time limited, or the Provision made, for the calling in, or for protrafl sinking or discharging of such Paper Bills, or Bills of Credit, as are already subsisting and passing in ray ns j*tiyle ment, within any of the said Colonies or Plantations, shall be protradled or postponed; whereby any of'"r, ^cains them shall be depreciated in Value, or whereby the same shall be ordered or allowed to be re issued, or to. for(jeurec; a obtain a new and further Currency; and that al such Adds, Orders, Resolutions or Votes, which shall ort; nl; orie iff jing may be passed or made, after the said twenty-ninth Day of Septeniber one thousand seven hundred and fifty the fame, one, within all or any of the said Colonies or Plantations, shall be, and are hereby declared to be null and void, and of no P'orce or Effect whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Paper Bills, or Bills of Credit, Bills of Credit as are now fubliiding, and passing in Payments, within any of the said Colonies or Plantations of rhoden°'x Cubhftin^, Island, and Providence Plantations, Connecticut, Alas 'achufcts Bay and New Hampshire, shall be duly and tobec' in' punctually called in, sunk and discharged, according to the Tenor of, and within the Periods limited by the respective Adds, Orders, Votes or Resolutions, for creating and issuing, or continuing the same respectively, unless where the same have been altered by any subsequent Act or Acts of Assembly; and in that Case, that the same he discharged according to the Tenor mentioned in the said Act or Acts of Assembly; that no such Paper Bills, or Bills of Credit, shall, from and after such Periods so limited, as aforesaid, be any longer current in all or any of the said Colonies or Plantations respectively.

III. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, ah may pass to restrain any Governor or Governors, Council or Assembly, within any of the said Colonies or planta fy issuing Bills. tions, from making or passing any Act or Acts of Assembly in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, for ^jlhc 16 the creating and issuing of such Paper Bills, or.bills of Credit, in lieu of, and for securing such reasonable^he Year Stun or Sums of Money, as shall be requisite for the current Service of the Year; so as by such Add or

Acts of Assembly, whereby such Paper Bills, or Bills of Credit, shall be created or blued, sufficient provision be made to secure the calling in, discharging and sinking of the same, within a short reasonable timej not exceeding the Space of two Years, to be computed from the Dates of the respective Adds whereby such Paper Bills, or Bills of Credit, were created and issued; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

G

Or

such Taper,

shall, at any Time hereafter, be necessary or expedient upon hidden and extraordinary Emergencies of Government, in case of War or Invasion, so as in every such Act or Acts of Assembly for the Emission of Paper Bills, or Bills of Credit, so issued as aforesaid, due Care be taken to ascertain the real Value of all such principal Sum or Sums for which the same lh?, 11 be so made, createdand issued as aforesaid, and also the Interest to be paid thereon; and so as Care be likewise taken, in the said Act or Acts, to establish and provide an ample and sufficient Fund for the calling in, discharging and sinking, within as short and reasonable a Time as maybe, not exceeding five Years at the farthest, all the said Bills, by actual Payment of all and every the Sum and Sums of Money for which the same shall be so made, created and issued as aforesaid, with the Interest due thereon.

404. C 54, 55. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

V. And whereas there are now subsisting and passing in Payment, within the said Colonies and Plantations, diverse Kinds of Paper Bills, or Bills of Credit, of various Denominations, which have been heretofore created and issued within the said Colonies and Plantations, or some of them, on Loans and otherwise, whereby private Persons and their estates Band liable to, and bound for the Discharge of the Sums by them borrowed and received on such Loans; without the Payment of which Sums (in case any Difficulty or Obstruction should arilc in the Payment thereof) such Paper Bills, or Bills of Credit lo issued on such Loans, cannot be called in, discharged and sunk, according to the Tenor of the respective Acts, Orders, Votes or Resolutions, by virtue whereof the same have been so respectively issued For the providing a Remedy for such Inconveniences, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Paper Bills, or Bills of Credit, of what Kind cr Denomination soever, which have at any Time Bills of Credit heretofore been created and issued on such Loans, within any of the said Colonies or Plantations, be duly n Loans, to be called in, and discharged and sunk, according to the Tenor of the respective Adds, Orders, Votes or Resolutions, for creating and issuing, or continuing the same respectively, in like manner as all other Paper

Bills, or Bills of Credit, already subsisting within the said Colonies or Plantations, are herein before required

to be called in, discharged and sunk.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons who have borrowed and taken up any Sum or Sums of Money on Loans, for the Discharge whereof they and their respective Estates stand bound, shall be required and compelled, by all due and legal Means, to satisfy and discharge the Sums by them borrowed, according to the Terms of such Loans respectively, and the true Intent and Meaning thereof, except as is herein before excepted; and in case any Deficiency or Loss shall happen by Failure of the Security so taken on such Loans respectively, that the same, and every Part thereof, shall be supplied and made good by an adequate Tax or Imposition, to be equally and rateably assessed, levied and raised within the said Colonies or Plantations respectively, where such Loss or Deficiency shall so happen.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, no Paper Currency, or Bills of Credit, of any Kind or Denomination, which may be made, created or issued in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, pursuant to the Provisions herein before made in this Act, shall be a legal Tender in Payment of any private Bargains, Contracts, Debts, Dues or Demands whatsoever, within the said Colonies or Plantations, or any of them.

VIII. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to make any of the Bills now subsisting in any of the said Colonies a legal Tender.

i'vin his further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Governor or Commander in Chief

affi nt utany lr for the Time being, in all or any of his Majesty's said Colonies or Plantations, whether commissioned by at contrary to his Majesty, or elected by the People, shall, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one this at. thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, give his Assent to any Act of Assembly, Order, Resolution or Vote, for the Emission or Iffiiitig of any Paper Bills, or Bills of Credit, of any Kind or Denomination whatsoever; for prolonging the Time limited for calling in and sinking any such Paper Bills, or Bills of Credit, ctmctrmr.gplan as are now subsisting and passing in Payment; or for re issuing or depreciating the same, contrary to the id Meaning of this Act; such Act, Order, Refolu

<dlled in.

Persons who have borrowed

No Paper Currency to be deemed a legal Tender.

Penalty on Goto

city's true Intent and

- 1' oca.

S

2. C g

lution or Vote, shall be tpjb fiifio null and lediately dif

void, and such Governor or Commander in Chief shall be immediately dismissed from his Government, and for ever after rendered incapable of any publick Office or Place of Trust.

CAP. LIV.

to (7«.?. c. 5. An Act for explaining, continuing and enforcing several Laws therein mentioned, more efredtually to prevent Pre: fofog f the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

Farther continued and amended ly

>$ Geo. 2. c. 31. 26 Geo. 2.. C 34. 27 Geo. 2. c. 14. 30 Geo. 2. r, 20,

CAP. LV.

An Act for amending and making more effedhial a Clause in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the apprehending of Persons in any County or Place upon Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace of any other County or Place.

-3 Geo. 2.

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, 11. ' y, jt; s amongst other Things therein enacted, That from and afeer the twenty-fourth Day of June

one thousand seven hundred and fifty, in case any Person against whom a legal Warrant shall be issued by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, for any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or 1 Place within this Kingdom, shall escape or go into any other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place out of the Jurisdiction of the justice or Justices granting such Warrant as aforesaid, it shall and maybe lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, Kiding, Division, City, Liberty, ' Town or Place to which such Person shall have gone or escaped, to endorse such Warrant, upon Appli cation made to him for that Purpose, and to cuufe the Person against whom the same shall have Hen. 4 issued, to be apprehended and sent to the Justice or Justices who granted such Warrant, or to some

t. ' other

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 55. 405

other Justice or Justices of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place from whence such Person spin.ll have gone or escaped, to the end that he or she may be dealt with according to Lav:

whereas such Offender or Offenders may reside or be in fonac other County, Riding, Division,

City, Liberty, Town or Place out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices granting such Warrant as aforesaid, before the granting such Warrant, 'and without escaping or going out of the County, Ri ' ding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place after such Warrant granted; 'He it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That frompe'*? sand after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred fifty-one, in case any Person, against^.^? whom a Warrant ipiall be issued by any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, «fcofl>all City, Liberty, Town or Place within this Kingdom, shall escape, go into, reside or be in any other grant a Warrant, County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place out of the j urisdiction of the Justice or Justices granting such Warrant as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place where such Person shall escape, go into, ^hf "^1 "*1, ere reside or be, and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required, upon Proof being made upon oath, ^i, /1" "*, of the Hand Writing of the Justice or Justices granting such Warrant, to endorse his or their Name ordorfe the Wat -- Names on such Warrant, which shall be a sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons bringing such war rant, rant, and to all other Persons to whom such Warrant was originally directed, to execute such Warrant in such other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice the Offender or Justices granting such Warrant as aforesaid, and to apprehend and carry such Offender or Offenders before the Justice who endorsed such Warrant, or some other Justice or Justices of such other County, bcf°" e a v^/vte Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place where such Warrant was endorsed, in case the Offence Jhere the war for which such Offender shall be so apprehended in such other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, rant was in town or Place as aforesaid, shall be bailable in Law, and such Offender shall be willing and ready to givc1

Bail for his Appearance at the next Assizes or General Gaol Delivery, or next General Quarter sessions of the Peace, to be held in and for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place where the Offence was committed, such Justice or Justices of such other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be brought, shall and may take Bail, of such Offender or Offenders, for his or their Appearance at the next Assizes or General Gaol Delivery, or at the next General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place where such Offence was committed, in the same Manner as thcanj to deliver justices of the Peace of the proper County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place should orlhe pec°sn* might have done in such proper County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place; and the^j^constable Justice or Justices of such other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place so taking

Bail as aforesaid, shall deliver the Recognisance, together with the Examination or Confession of such of to be delivered sender or Offenders, and all other Proceedings relating thereto, to the Constable, Tythingman or other°'er, tof ther Person or Persons so apprehending such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, who are hereby required to, cie°k of th"'receive the same, and to deliver over such Recognisance, Examination and other Proceedings to the Clerk peac£. of Assizes, or Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place where such Offender or Offenders is or are required to appear by virtue of such Recognisance; and such Recognisance, Examination or Confession shall be as good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, and of the same Force and Validity as if the same had been entered into, taken or acknowledged before a

Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the proper County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or lace where the Offence was committed, and the same Proceedings shall be had thereon; and in case such Constable, Tythingman or other Person to whom such Recognisance, Examination, Confession or otherv7ringover.c " Proceedings shall be so delivered as aforesaid, shall refuse cr neglect to deliver over the same to the Clerk of Assizes, or Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place where such Offender is required to appear by virtue of such Recognisance, such Constable, Tythingman or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered against him by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts at ivtjinunfter, by any Person or Persons who will prosecute or sue font the Offence the same; wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or more than one Impar, ie bailable, lance; and in case the Offence for which such Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended and taken inc any other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place shall not be bailable in Law, or'

such Offender or Offenders shall not give Bail for his Appearance at the next Affixes or General Gaol de the Constable to livery, or next General Quarter sessions of the Peace, to be held in and for the County, Riding, Division,

City, Liberty, Town or Place where the Offence was committed, to the Satisfaction of the Justice before rjfr; cvwhehe. whom such Offender or Offenders shall be brought in such other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, offence was Town or Place; then and in that Case the Constable, Tythingman or other Person or Persons so appre committed., hending such; Offender or Offenders, shall carry and convey such Offender or Offenders before one of his.

majesty's Justices of Peace of the proper County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place where such Offence was committed, there to be dealt with according to Law.

II. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action of Trespass. Imprison ja; ceasing; ment. Information or Indictment, or other Action shall be brought, sued, commenced or prosecuted Person or Persons whatsoever, against the Justice or Justices who shall endorse such Warrant, for or by, ua 0 lon*' reason of his or their indorsing such Warrant.

III. Provided nevertheless, That such Person or Persons shall be at Liberty to bring or prosecute his or A£V°", e

their Action or Suit against the Justice or Justices who originally granted such Warrant, in the same manner^70ridmi!y*" as such Person or Persons might have done in case this Act had not been made, crantin* thew.

And Warrant.

4-o6 C 56. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1751.

clauseajgeo.*. JV. And it is hcicby further enacted, That the said Clause in the said recited Act, and everything in r'r aicd " the Clause contained, shall from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June be repealed.

Cmtcrnlm jujlxti vftfa Peace see farther 26 Geo. 2. c. 14 & 27. 27 Geo. 2. c. 16 fif 20. 1 Geo. 3. c. 13.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for ascertaining the Admeasurement of Wheat Meal, or other Corn or Grain ground, for which a Bounty is payable upon Exportation, and for making Allowances to the eo.jt india Company for their Charges and Expenses in managing, paying and transferring cheir reduced Annuities.

1 W. 3. ft. 1. ' WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the first Year of the Reign of his late

C 12. Majesty King William the 'l'hird of glorious Memory, (entitled, An Act for the encouraging the

Exportation of Corn) it is amongst other Things enabled, That when Malt or Barley, ifinchfler Measure( ( be at four and twenty Shillings per Quarter or under, Rye at two and thirty Shillings per Quarter or under, and Wheat at eight and forty Shillings per Quarter or under, in any Port or Ports in this Kingdom or Dominion of (Pales. every Merchant or other Person who should put on shipboard in X English Shipping, the Mailer and two 1'hirds of his Mariners at least being his Majesty's Subjects, any 6 Sort of the Corn aforesaid, from any such Ports where the Rates shall not then be higher than as aforesaid, with the Intent to export the said Corn to Parts beyond the Seas, every such Merchant or Person so

shipping off any of the aforesaid Corn, and giving such Certificate and Bond as in the said Act is mentioned,

shall have and receive from such Farmers, Commissioners, Collectors or other Persons in any Port respectively where the same Corn shall be so shipped, for every Quarter of Barley or Malt, ground or unground, two Shillings and sixpence; for every Quarter of Rye, ground or unground, three Shillings and sixpence; for every Quarter of Wheat, ground or unground, five Shillings: And whereas by

2 Geo. 2. C is. "one other Act of Parliament made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (entitled, An Act to ascertain the Custom payable for Corn and Grain imported; for better ascertaining the Price and Quantity of Corn and Grain for which a Bounty is payable upon Exportation; for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for giving further Time in Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contrasts) it is amongst other Things enacted, That the Officers of the Customs should be empowered to admet sure all Corn and Grain whereon there is an Allowance payable for the Exportation thereof, and for greater Expedition therein, that such Admeasurement should and might be by a Tub or Measure, containing four Winchester Bushels; and that if such Corn or Grain intended to be exported, should be brought to be shipped off in Sacks, that then the said Officers are thereby empowered and required to make choice of two of those Sacks, out of any Number not exceeding twenty Sacks, and foin proportion for any greater Quantity, before the same shall be put on board for Exportation, and thereby compute the Quantity of Corn so intended to be shipped for Exportation, and according to such Computation, the Allowance or bounty money should be paid to the Exporter, for the whole Quantity proportionably, upon his producing a Certificate from the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, attesting the Quantity and Quality of the Corn or Grain so slipped for Exportation, with a pro viso that nothing therein should extend to alter the then Practice, with respect to the Manner of shipping Corn from the Port of London: And whereas the Method above prescribed for the measuring of Corn to be exported, does not particularly ascertain how Wheat Meal or other ground Corn or Grain, whereon there is a Bounty, shall be measured for Exportation: And whereas some Doubts have arisen in several of the Ports of this Kingdom, with regard to the Exportation of Corn ground and unground, as to the Manner of Computation and Admeasurement on the Exportation thereof, and the Bounty to be allowed thereon: 'Anu in order to reconcile all Disputes and Differences that may arise in relation thereto, and

to make the Practice uniform in the several Ports of this Kingdom, We youpmajesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly befeeth your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it drafted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aftem thef.unc Bounty bled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the hr ft Day of August one thousand seven to b allowed on hundred and fifty-one, the proper Officers of his Majesty's Customs shall, and they are hereby directed and the Exportation empowered to allow the same Bounty and no more, upon the Exportation of two hundred and twenty-four Wheat Wcaf Pounds Weight of Wheat Meal, or other ground Corn or Grain whereon there is a Bounty, as is allowed and other ground upon the Exportation of four Bushels of Wheat or other Corn or Grain unground, and foin proportion for Corn, as on any greater or Idler Quantity; and for greater Expedition therein, in case such Wheat Meal or other ground Corn or Grain shall be brought to be slipped off in Sacks, the proper Officers may make choice of and weigh two Sacks out of any Number not exceeding twenty Sacks; and foin proportion for any greater Quantity of Wheat Meal, or other ground Corn or Grain, before or after the same shall be put on board for Exportation, and thereby compute the Weight of the What Meal, or other ground Corn or Grain so slipped or intended to be slipped for Exportation, by proportioning the same accordingly; and the bounty money upon such Wheat Meal, or other ground Corn or Grain, shall he paid to the Exporter for so much and no more.

Bushels of Wheat, See. Officer may weigh z Sacks Otft of 20, to compute the Weight.

Bounty to be paid the Exporter.

upon his producing a Certificate front the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, attesting the true Quantity, Quality and Weight thereof, according to the said Computation

contirr.htg rn see farther 26 GS. C 15. 30 Geo. 2

Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstandin

only, and not other wile; any Law,

£3*

c. 1 Gf 7. 31 Geo. 2. C X 25. 32 Geo. 2. C z £? S,

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Gi'crgi! II C 57. 407

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Trea Treasurytomake fury, or any three or more of teem now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Com Allowances to missioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to ^7 make such Allowances to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies, as they th^ch'les'm shall think just and reasonable for the Charges and Expenses attending the receiving, paying, transferringmaking and and transacting the Affairs of the several Annuities, amounting to the principal Sum of three millions, transferring their created in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, (entitled, An Act for giving further Time annui to the Proprietors of Annuities, after the Rale off four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to fubfa ibe the same in 'le sgeo, C 22i the Manner and upon the Terms therein mentioned; and for redeeming such of the said Annuities as hall not be so* % ., '- subscribed, and for impozvering the East-india Company to raise certain Sutns by tramferr able Annuities) which said allowance's so to be made to the said United Company, shall be charged upon and paid out of the same Duties and Revenues as are appropriated for the Payment of the Annuities aforesaid.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the northern Borders of England,; for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; for continuing two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River or Sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop binds; for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit or Delph of Coal, or can nel Coal; and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chases, or beating or wounding the Keepers or other Officers in Forests, Chases or Parks; for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly into foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; for preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; forgiving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to make some further Provisions in relation to the signing of Certificates for the Discharge of Bankrupts.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned, which have by Experience been found useful and

beneficial, are near expiring; 'May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and

be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an A! made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, i*Car. 2.

(entitled, An Act for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the northern Borders of England) which by fe for pre

veral Acts hath from time to time been continued, and by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign ofv "tlnf These

his present Majesty, (for making perpetual several Acts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned) was northern Bor

further continued until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and from ders.

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also several Clauses, Powers and Authorities

in the aforementioned Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more eftec 6 Geo. 2. c. 37.

tual preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the northern Borders of England, and which by the said Act

were to continue in Force until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Act, together with the said

several Clauses, Powers and Authorities were, by an Act made in the seventeenth Year of his present ma i?g£o.:. C 40.

jesty's Reign, further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty

one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and the same is hereby

further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred furti*r conti"

and fifty seven. and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. nued to 1, Stpt;

1 3 1757. end made,

perpetual by 31 Geo. 2. CII

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the ninth Year of the 9 Geo. 1. c. 22. Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (entitled, An Act for the snore effectual punishing wicked and for pumfting evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties in

his majesty's Subjects, and for the morejpeedy bringing the Offenders to Justice) which was to continue in Force 1 S'J1 e 'c' from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, for three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the sz Geo. 1. c. 30* Reign of his said late Majesty was continued from the Expiration thereof, for five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by a Clause in another Act made in the sixth 6 Geo. 2. c. 37* Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (for making perpetual several Acts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned) was further continued until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty

2 flxj,

4 ob C 57. Anno vicesimo quarto gf.orgii II A.D. 1751.

six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made: ogjo. ic. 3., in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and from thence to the End of 3 7 Geo. a. C the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of September one thousand fev n rail totsupt. hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of parliament.

1757. and iuddc perpetual by 31 Ca, 2. C 42.

chute in

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Clause in an Act made in the sixth

6 Geo. 2. c. 37. Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (for making perpetual several Acts, and for other Purposes therein the^cuuin^h111 niellt one<^ to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River or Sea Bank, which was to Banks ofri continue in Force during the Continuance of an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late vets, Majesty; and which by another Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued during the Continuance of the aforementioned Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; and which by another Act made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of Jure one thousand seven hundred and fifiy. one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby

nued otsep. further continued from the Expiration thereof until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred tember°1757. and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session orparliament.

and made perpetual by 31 Geo. 2. c. 42.

Clause in 6 Geo. 2. c. 37. §, 6. to prevent the malicious cutting of hop bmds, C

further continued to 1 September 1757. and

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Clause in an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (for making perpetual several Acts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned) to prevent the malicious cutting of hop hinds growing on Poles in any Plantation of Hops, which was to continue in Force during the Continuance of an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his find late Majesty; and which by another Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued during the Continuance of the aforementioned Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; and which by another Act made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

made perpetual by 31 Geo. 2. c. 42.

clause in 10 V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Clause in an Act made in the tenth Geo. 2. c. 32, Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for extending (during the Continuance of the said Act made in rcntlin^'thepro^le n'nt^ Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty) all the Provisions in the last mentioned Act contain C m C '° ed, for the more speedy and easy bringing the Offenders against the said Act to Justice, and the Persons who shall conceal, aid, abet or succour such Offenders; and for making Satisfaction and Amends to all and every the Person and Persons, their Executors and Administrators, for the Damages they shall have sustained or suffered by any Offender or Offenders against the said Act; and for the Encouragement of Persons to apprehend and secure such Offender and Offenders; and for the better and more impartial Trial of any Indictment or Information which shall be found commenced or prosecuted for any of the Offences committed against the said Act, together with all restrictions, Limitations and Mitigations by the said Act directed, to all Cases of Offences committed by unlaw fully and maliciously breaking down or cutting down the Bank or Banks of any River, or any Sea Bank, whereby any Lands shall be overflowed or damaged; or by unlawfully and maliciously cutting any hop binds growing on Poles in any Plantation of Hops; or by wilfully and maliciously setting on Fire, or causing to be seton Fire, any Mine, Pit, or Dclph of Coal, or can nel Coal; and which by an Act made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continu ^urt^er continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifry one, and from ed to 1 Septem thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued ten757. irom the Expiration thereof until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, clausesin io

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That several Clauses in an Act made in the pto 2\ tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously malicious 'fatting sitting on Fire imy Mine, Pit or Delph of Coal, or Carmel Coal, or unlawfully hunting or taking any Red n Fire any b or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chases, or beating or wounding the Keepers, or other Officers, in Forests, Mines, C Chases or Parks, which were to continue in Force during the Continuance of an Act made in the ninth Yiar of the Reign of his said late Majesty; and which by an Act made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, were further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the., same are hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the first Day of September one thousand'

'seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

to i septem J J

ber757, and made perpetual by 31 Geo. 2. c. 4*.

visions for bringing Offenders to Justice, C

A.D. 1751. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 57. 409

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the twelfth Year of then Geo. 2. C Reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce 3°. forlibcuy tr Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to foreign Parts, 'in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law) which was to continue in force"xnies^o so for five Years, from the twenty-ninth Day of september one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, andr7sn sans, f. t. from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day 17 Geo. 3. c"50> of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the first^, Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next^'lm s°pt"n> Session of Parliament. ber is jdandby

31 Geo. 2. c. 35 to ag September 1764.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the fifth Year of the 5 Ge - C 3° reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts) which "stof was to continue in Force for three Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred by bsnk and thirty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Adlrupts,

made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty ninth Geo. C is. Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present i6 Geo. 2. c. 17. Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and continu fifty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby to 1 septem further continued from the Expiration thereof until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred ber 1757. and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. Further cmthuij

by 31 Geo. 2. c. 35 to 29 September 1764.

IX. And whereas many Abuses have been committed by Bankrupts, and Persons who, with their Privity, have attempted to prove fidfitious and pretended Debts under Commissions of Bankruptcy, in order that such Persons might be enabled to sign their Consent to the Certificates for discharging such Bank rupts from their Debts ft For Remedy whereof, and in order to prevent the like fraudulent and wickea persons fwcaiing Practises for the future, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Persons shall fraudu co»fiaitious lently swear or depose, or being of the People called Quakers affirm, before the major Part of the commis? 'b* from a sioners named in any Commission of Bankruptcy, orfiy Affidavit or Affirmation exhibited to them, that in rupt' a Sum of Money is due to him or her from any Bankrupt or Bankrupts, which shall in Fact not be really and truly so due or owing; and shall, in respect of such fidtitious and pretended Debt, sign his or her con anj sinning the sent to the Certificate for such bankrupt's Discharge from his Deors; that in every such Case, unless such Certificate; Bankrupt shall, before such Time as the major Part of the said Commissioners shall have signed such unless the Bank certificate, by Writing by him to be signed and delivered to one or more of the said Commissioners, orr "Pc 'v11 to one or more of the Assignees of his Estate and eft edls under such Commission, disclose the said Fraud, ce the f, au»and object to the Reality of such Debt, such Certificate shall be null and void to all Intents and pur the Certificate w poses, and such Bankrupt shall not in that Case be entitled to be discharged from his Debts, or to have be nulle or receive any of the Benefits or Allowances given or allowed to Bankrupts by the said Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign; anything therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And it is hereby enacted, That where any Creditor or Creditors of any Bankrupt reside in foreign Letter of At

Parts, the tetter of Attorney of such Creditor, attested by a Notary Public in the usual Form, shall be arorn'; yfro'r, _ sufficient Evidence of the Power and Authority by which any Person thereby authorised shall sign any^'d^p!^" ft" bankrupt's Certificate; anything in the said Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign to the^horim contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. in Certificate.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the eighth part of 8 Geo. 1. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (entitled. An ast far giving further encou c 12. for en ragnner.t for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned) as relates to the Irn co; '!ginj the portation of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated,

from any of his Majesty's British Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Customs and im &c'.'C '

positions whatsoever, which was to be in Force for twenty one years from the twenty-fourth Day of June

one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; and which by an Act made in the sixteenth Year of the 16 Geo. 2. c. 26.

Reign of his present Majesty was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. fr'vj

31 Geo. 2. c. 35 te 29 Sep: ember 1764.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the nineteenth Year 19 Geo. 2. c. 35. of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses eom 'n frev=nt milted in the Admeasurement of Coeds within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereunto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, of Coils in and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex) which was to Westminster, C continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty six, for the Term of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continuedi Geo. 2. c. 26.

further continued to 1 September 1757. af}d again by 31 Geo.

until the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the End of the then next session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

2, C 35. and 32 Geo. 2. c. 27.

CAP. LVIIE

An Act for making, widening and keeping in Repair several Roads in the several Parifaes of L amb.tr, Newington, Saint George's Southward, ard Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and Lewisham in the County of Kent,

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 31 Years.]

CAP. LIX.

An Act for the enlarging of the Terms and Powers, and making more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing and amending the Highways leading from Royston in the County of Hertford to tvandsford Bridge in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the amending of that Part of the Road as iies between a Place called the White Post on Alconbury Hill in the County of Huntingdon, and Wandsford Bridge in the same County, called the North Division; that the Tolls taken at Saitree and ikand ford toll gates may, from and after a certain Time, be lowered; and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton in the Paid County of Huntingdon to Peterborough in the County of Northampton. PR. [The Acts, Ann. and 13 Geo. 1. c. 32. in part continued for ro Years ]

Anno Regni GEORGII II. Regis Magnae Britannia?, Francis

Hibernia?, vicesimo quinto.

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the tenth Day of November, Anno Domini one 4 A thousand seven hundred and forty seven, in the twenty first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, ( King, Defender of the Faith, C and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the four teenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one. Being the fifth Session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion: and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, within the Space of one Year from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two.

EXP. At 3 s. in the Pound.

CAP. IV.

An Act for appointing the Deputy or Secondary of the Chief Clerk to inrol Pleas in the King's Bench, called The Master of the King's Bench Office, one of the Registers or Matters for the Inrohnent of Deeds, Wills, and other Conveyances, in the County of Middlesex, in the Place and Stead of such Chief Clerk.

7 Ann. C 20. C "T WHEREAS by an_act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, (entitled, An Act for the publick Registering of Deeds, Conveyances and Wills, and other Encumbrances which shall be made of or that may affiedi any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements cr Hc 4 reditaments within the County of Middlesex, after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousandj, even hundred and nine) it is, among other Things, enacted, That one public Office for registering Memorials of and concerning any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, that are situate, lying and being within the said County, shall be erected and established in Manner therein mentioned; that is to say, That for the better and more eftedltial putting in execution the several Matters and Things in the said Act contained, the sworn Clerk to execute the Office of Inrolment in the High Court of Chancery, who is apointed to inrol for the County of Middlesex, the Chief Clerk to inrol Pleas in the ' % cen's Bench, the Clerk of the Warrants in the Court of Common Pleas, and the queen's Remembran cer, or his Deputy, in the Court of Exchequer, shall be the Registers or Matters of the Office for the Matters and Things in the said Act contained; And whereas the inrolling of Pleas, signing of Judge ments, and diverse other Business transacted in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, is under the Inspection

4-

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. c. 5, 6. 411

spection and Management of the find Chief clerk's Deputy, or Secondary, called, The Master of the King's Bench Office, who might properly have executed the said Place or Office of one of such Registers

or Mailers for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act, instead of the fined Chief Clerk, had there been Authority given to such Chief clerk's Deputy to execute the said Place or Office of one of the said Re ' gifters or Mailers, as is by the said recited Act given to the Queen's (now king's) remembrancer's ' Deputy in the Court of Exchequer? Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, the Deputy or Secondary of the Chief Clerk to inrolt: 'e Deputy cf Pleas in the King's Bench for the Time being called, The Master of the King's Bench Office, shall be, and tlle 9hlt! a*rlt is hereby constituted and appointed one of the Regillers or Matters of the Office for the Matters and f^ntc*e Things contained in the before recited Act, in the Room, Place and Stead of the said Chief Clerk, to

inrol Pleas in the King's Bench, with the like Powers and Authorities to all Intents and Purposes as by the said recited Act is thereby given to such Chief Clerk; and the Chief Clerk to inrol Pleas in the king's' c!?llc Bench shall be, and is, by virtue of this Act, discharged from being one of the Regillers or Mailers for in f 7^7^ rolling such Deeds, Wills, and other Conveyances for the said County of Middlesex as are mentioned in '

the before recited Act, and of and from any Disability or Incapacity which such Chief Clerk, as one of the said Regillers, would have been subject or liable to by virtue thereof.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Deputy, or Secondary, called, The maflerdep"; y to 'A

of the King's Bench Office, shall, before he enters upon the Execution of the said Office of one of such f

gillers or Mailers, take the Oath mentioned and prescribed to be taken by every such Register or Mailer in J L '

and by the afore recited Act; and shall also enter into such Recognisance in such Sum of Money, andatl<i to ntcr mt vvi h Sufficient Sureties, to be approved of in such Manner and Form as therein mentioned and set forth t^cot, nlzance> and shall be liable to such and the like Penalties and Forfeitures for any Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty "c' in the Execution of the said Office of one of such Regillers or Mailers, as any of the other Regillers or Mailers are liable and subject to by virtue of the before recited Act.

III. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Clause, Matter and puwlc1'ac'Thing herein contained, shall be taken and allowed, in all Courts within this Kingdom, as a public Act;

and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons therein concerned, are hereby required as such to take notice thereof, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. V.

An Act to continue and make more effectual an Act passed in the feccnd Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between sheppard's Sherd and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bag flown Hill, in the County of ivilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent.

P R. [The Act 2 Geo. 2. c. 12. continued for 21 Years.)

CAP. VI.

An Act for avoiding and putting an end to certain Doubts and Questions relating to the atteflation of Wills and Codicils concerning Real Estates in that Part of Great Britain called England, and in his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Iving29 car. C 3. ' v7 Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries; it is ainougll other. 5.

Things enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day "of June in the Year of our Lord one thou land six hundred and seventy seven, all Devises and Bequells of an)' Lands or Tenements devileable,

either by Force of the Statute of Wills, or by that Statute, or by Force of the Cullom of Kent, or the

Cullom of any Borough, or any other particular Cullom, shall be in Writing, and signed by the Party lb dejfing the same, or by some other Person in his Presence, and by his express Direction; and shall

attelled and subscribed in the Presence of the fined Devisor, by three or four credible Witnesses, or else they shall be utterly void and of none Effect, which hath been found to be a wife and good Provision:

But whereas Doubts have arisen who are to be deemed legal Witnesses within the Intent of the said Act; '

Therefore, for avoiding the same, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person shall attest the Execution of any Will ordcvifee, C at codicil which shall be made after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand D "*

seven hundred and fifty-two, to whom any beneficial Devise, Legacy, Estate, Interest, Gift or Appoint Tinted to wove merit of or affecting any Real or Personal Estate, other than and except Charges on Lands, Tenements orjlc win.'Hereditaments for Payment of any Debt or Debts, shall be thereby given or made, such Devise, Legacy,

Ellate, Interest, Gift or Appointment, shall, so far only as concerns such Person attefling the Execution of such Will or Codicil, or any Person claiming under him, be utterly null and void; and such Person shall be admitted as a Witness to the Execution of such Will or Codicil, within the Intent of the said Act; notwithstanding such Devise, Legacy, Estate, Interest, Gift or Appointment mentioned in such Will or Codicil.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case, by any Will or Codicil already Creditor ntteff made or hereafter to be made, any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are or shall be charged with anyinj?> admitted a Debt or Debts; and any Creditor whole Debt is so charged, hath attelled or shall attell the Execution of vvltnek

412 C 6. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1752.

such Will or Codicil, every such Creditor, notwithstanding such Charge, shall be admitted as a Witness to the Execution of such Will or Codicil, within the Intent of the said Act.

Legatee who has

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, t'hat if any Person hath attested ihe exccu flui" tefifr* tlorl any or Codicil already made, or shall attest the Execution of any Will or Codicil which shall L g.icy, adnj.ucd be made on or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hun Witaeis. dred and fifty-two, to whom any Legacy or Bequest is or shall be thereby given, whether charged upon Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments or not; and such Person, before he shall give his Testimony concerning the Execution of any such Will or Codicil, shall have been paid, or have accepted or released, or shall have refilled to accept such Legacy or Bequcfl, upon Tender made thereof; such Person shall be admitted

as a Witness to the Execution of such Will or Codicil, within the Intent of the said Act, notwithstanding such Legacy or Bequest.

After Refusal, IV pr. vided always, and be it further enacted, That in case of such Tender and Refusal as aforesaid, he is barred from such Person shall in no wise be entitled to such Legacy or Bequest, but shall be for ever afterwards barred after acce^lnee therefrom; and in case of such Acceptance as aforesaid, such Person shall retain to his own Use the Legacy he maytcrnln theor Bequest which shall have been so paid, satisfied or accepted, notwithstanding such Will or Codicil shall same, though" the afterwards be adjudged or determined to be void for want of due Execution, or for any other Cause or v.'ill void. Defect whatsoever.

Legateeattefting, y. And; t further enacted, That in case any such Legatee as aforesaid, who hath attested the execu lift^time of the tonne any will or Codicil already made, or shall attest the Execution of any Will or Codicil which shall be Testator, or be made on or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred fore he has re and fifty-two, shall have died in the lifetime of the Testator, or before he shall have received or released

ceived or refused the Legacy or Bequest so given to him as aforesaid, and before he shall have refused to receive such Legacy

ins Legacy, ador Bequest, on Tender made thereof, such Legatee shall be deemed a legal Witness to the Execution of refs 3 U" such Will or Codicil, within the Intent of the said Act, notwithstanding such Legacy or Bequest.

Credit of the

VI. Provided always, That the Credit of every such Witness so attesting the Execution of any Wjl! or witness to be Codicil, in any of the Cases in this Act before mentioned, and all Circumstances relating thereto, shall he determined by ffibject to the Consideration and Determination of the Court, and the Jury, before whom any such Witness the Court, C shall be examiraed, or his Testimony or Attestation made use of; or of the Court of Equity, in which the Testimony or Attestation of any such Witness shall be made use of; in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Credit of Witnesses in all other Cases ought to be considered of and determined.

No Devjfce, _

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person to whom any beneficial where the Devise Estate, Interest, Gift or Appointment shall be given or made, which is hereby enacted to be null and void bcinv^examme^' as aforesaid, or who shall have refused to receive any such Legacy or Bequest, on Tender made as aforesaid, to the Execution and who shall have been examined as a Witness concerning the Execution of such Will or Codicil, shall, of the Will, after he shall have been so examined, demand or take possession of or receive any Profits or Benefit of or from hull afterwards any such Estate, Interest, Gift or Appointment so given or made to him, in or by any such Will or 'fccm Moo Codicil; or demand, receive or accept from any Person or Persons whatsoever, any such Legacy or Bequest, 7ot the same.'10'1 or any Satisfaction or Compensation for the same, in any Manner or under any Colour or Pretence whatsoever.

Cafo where the

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act or anything herein Validity oavidr, contained shall not extend or be construed to extend to the Case of any Heir at Law, or of any Devisee in and Competency a prior Will or Codicil of the same Testator, executed and attested according to the said recited Act, or not a'*any Person claiming under them respectively, who has been in quiet possession for the Space of two Years

next preceding the sixth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, as to such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, whereof he has been in quiet possession as aforesaid; and also that this Act or anything herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend, to any Will or Codicil, the Validity or due Execution whereof hath been contested in any Suit in Law or Equity commenced by the Heir of such Devisor, or the Devisee in any such prior Will or Codicil, for recovering the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments mentioned to be devised in any Will or Codicil so contested, or any Part thereof, or for obtaining any other Judgement or Decree relative thereto, on or before the said sixth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and which has been already determined in favour of such Heir at Law, or Devisee in such prior Will or Codicil, or any Person claiming under them respectively, or which is still depending, and has been prosecuted with due Diligence; but the Validity of every such Will or Codicil, and the Competency of the Witnesses thereto, shall be adjudged and determined in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Possessions which

IX. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That no possession of any Heir at Law, or are not compre Devisee in such prior Will or Codicil as aforesaid, or of any Person claiming under them respectively, thrtnc.w1 n 'af s confident with, or may be warranted by or tinder any Will or Codicil attested according to the

the preceding true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or where the Estate defeended or might have defeended to such Heir cuufe. at Law, till a future or executory Devise, by virtue of any Will or Codicil attested according to this Act, shotild or might take Effect, shall be deemed to be a possession within the Intent and Meaning of the Clause herein last before contained.

X. And whereas in some of the britub Colonies or Plantations in America, the said Act of the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, has been received for Law, or acts of Af ' fembly have been made, whereby the Attestation and Subscription of Witnesses to Devises of Lands, Te*neiuents and Hereditaments have been required Therefore, to prevent and avoid Doubts which may arise

in

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II.

C 7. 413

in the said Colonies or Plantations, in relation to the Attestation of such Devises of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Clause, Matter and Thing This Act to ex therein contained, shall extend to such of the said Colonies and Plantations, where the said Act of the tend to such of twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, is by Act of Assembly made, or by Usage the British Co, °' received as Law, or where by Ad of Assembly or Usage, the Attestation and Subscription of a Witness or^act of itnesses are made necessary to Devises of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments; and shall have the same 2qcar. 2. C 3. Force and Effect in the Construction of or for the avoiding of Doubts upon the said Acts of Assembly, and is received, claws of the said Colonies and Plantations, as the same ought to have in the Construction of or for the avoiding of Doubts upon the said Act of the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second in England.

XL. Provided always, That as to Cases r.rising in any of the said Colonies or Plantations in America, no Devises, C in such Devise, Legacy or Bequest as aforesaid, shall be made null and void by virtue of this Act, unless theii'e Plantations i' ill or Codid] whereby such Devise, Legacy or Bequest shall be given, shall he made after the first Day J wllishma<!e of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three.

by this A, Concerning Plantations see 2o Geo. 2. c. 5 & 35. 30 Geo. 2. c. 9.

CAP. VII.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed the twenty first Year of Ms present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers in the City of London; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

PR.

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present i4g«>. 2- C 14, Majesty, intituled, An Act for the explaining and amending an Act passed in the twenty first Year of i Ga. 2, o.jj,

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: i It was among other Things enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for the said Wardens and Commonalty, and their successors, and they were thereby empowered at any Time after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, by any Indenture or Indentures under their Common Seal, in Consideration of the usual Rent, and of the belt Fine that could be got for the same, to make or

grant one or more Leases of all or any Part of the Manor of Mercers in the said Act mentioned, with the Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and all and every the Rights, Members and Appur tenances thereto belonging, and of all other the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of and belonging

to the said Company in the Kingdom of Ireland, to such Person or Persons as they should think fit, such Lease or Leases to commence and to take Effect from and immediately after the Expiration or other Determination of any former Leases theretofore thereof granted by the said Company, and then unexpired; and to endure and continue from thenceforth for and during, and unto the full End and Term of

sixty one Years, or to commence and take Effect from and immediately after the Expiration or other Determination of any Lease or Leases, theretofore thereof granted by the said Company, and then unex pired, or to endure and continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Lives of such three Persons as should at the Time of making such last mentioned Lease or Leases respectively, be named by the respective Lessee or Lessees thereof, and be inserted in the said Lease or Leases for that Purpose, and the Life of the longer Liver of them; and from and immediately after the Decease of the Survivor of such of the said three Persons, further to endure and continue for and during, and unto the full End and Term of sixty one Years, to be computed from such the Expiration or Determination of the Term orterms for which the same Premises were then leased out as aforesaid; by which said Act Power was meant and intended among other Things to be given to the said Wardens and Commonalty, to make or grant a Lease or Leases in manner mentioned therein, of the said Manor of Mercers, and other Lands and Prc

misses in Ireland, in the said Act mentioned, to commence and take Effect as in the said Act is mentioned,

and to endure and continue for three Lives, and further to endure and continue for sixty one Years, in

manner as is more fully contained and expressed in the said Act; but in that Part of the said recited Clause

Power was intended to be given to the said Wardens and Commonalty to make such Leases, to endure for three Lives as aforesaid, tneword Or, now Handing the re between the Words, and now un expired, and the Words to endure and continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Lives of such three Persons, was there inserted by Mistake, instead of the Word And: Therefore, for the rectifying and amending the said Mistake, and for preventing and remedying all Doubts and Defects in and concerning the Power so intended by the said Act to be given to the said Wardens and Commonalty, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, e.

"The Meaning of the recited Act declared, and the Mistake reftifieda

414

3 Geo. r. C 5.

9 Geo. 1. c. 14.«47rt>. 2,

The Duties continual for 3s Years.

AI*vended within the Precincts of t. C Gallic exempted

C 8, 9. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1752.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of I'rot ham in the County of Kent; and from thence to the Village of foot's Cray in the said County. PR. [Certain Polls granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. IX.

An act for enlarging the Term granted by two several alsof the third and ninth Years of his late majesty's Reign, for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned 5 and fer discontinuing Payment of the Petty Port Customs there.

WHEREAS by an AG passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety three, a Duty of two Pennies Scots was granted to the Community of the City of Edinburgh, and to the Magistrates and Town Council of the same, and their Successors in Office, for the Uses therein specified, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer either brewed, brought in, or vended, tapped and sold, within the said Town and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, for the Space of fifteen Years and further,

not exceeding the Space of thirty Years, commencing from the full: Day of July one thousand six liun £' dred and ninety three; which said Duties were by an AG of the third Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties of two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer foicl in the City and.liberty Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned; andf.r discontinuing Pay

of the Petty Port Cufoms there, further continued for the further Term of nineteen Years, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas by an AG passed in the ninth Year of his said late Majesty

£ An Act for enlarging the Perm granted by an Act made in the third Year of his Majrftf s Reign, for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for discontinuing Payment of the Petty Port Customs there; and for maxi eg the said Act more effectual, the said Duties were continued for the further Term of nineteen Years from the Expiration of the last recited AG; and were also extended to the several Brewers within the Parishes

of Saint Cuthbert, The Canon Gate, and South and North Leith; and the Produce of the said Duties are by the said AG direged to be applied in the carrying on and completing such public Works, and such Purposes, to the Advantage of the said Community, as are recited in the said last mentioned AG

And whereas the said City of Edinburgh, being the Metropolis and Seat of Government of Scotland, has been by its remarkable Eeal in supporting the Protestant Interest, and other unavoidable Occasions

£ in very considerable Debts, far exceeding what the common Revenue of the said City could discharge; and it appears that the Revenue granted by the said ags has been managed with the utmost and faithfully applied to the Purposes thereby direged, yet the same having greatly decreased since the Commencement of the AG of the ninth Year of his late majesty's Reign, infoinuch that it now produces little more than sufficient to answer the annual Burdens already charged thereupon: And whereas several of the public Works by the said former ags direged to be performed, remain still nn

finished, and it will be impossible to finish the same, and discharge the Debt already contrnged upon the £ Credit of the said Duties, without a further Continuation of the Term already granted for colleging the same to the End therefore that the said necessary Works may be completed, and the said Debt discharged, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the Provost, Magilfxatcs, and Council of the said City of Edinburgh, in behalf of themselves and the Community of the said City, do most humbly hefetch your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled., and by the Authority of the same, That the Rates, Duties and linpolitions made payable by the said AG of the ninth Year of his late majesty's Reign, upon all Ale and Beer brewed, brought in, vended, tapped or sold within the said City of Edinburgh, or Suburbs or Liberties thereof (except ns in the said AG is excepted) and also the said Rates, Duties and Impositions thereby granted upon all Ale and Beer brewed, brought in for Sale, vended, tapped or sold within all or any of the Parishes of Saint cuthbth, Canon Gate, South and North Lrith, shall, from and after the Expiration of the Term granted by the sail AG of the ninth Year of his late Majesty, be further continued, colleged and made payable to the Provost, Magistrates and Council of the said City of Edinburgh for the time being, and their Successors, for and during the further Term of thirty-eight Years; and the said Duties shall he levied and pnij by the same Means and Methods, and by and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures, and shall be subject" and liable to the same restrigions, Regulations and inspegion, and applicable to the same Works and other Purposes (except [tu b Works as are already fuiished and completed) as are prescribed, mentioned and expressed in thy laid AG of the ninth h ear of his late majesty's Reign; and that the said AG, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter and 'Filing therein contained, shall be in full Force and kltcg from the Expiration thereof, for the said further Term of thirty-eight Years, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were at large lcpeated and re enacted in the Body of this AG.

II. Provided akva; s, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing contained in this AG, or itt the abovementioned AG of the ninth Year of his late Majesty, shall be construed to fabj G to the said Duty or Irnpcfition any Ale or Beer vended within the precings of the Custle of Edinburgh, for the Use of the Gurrifou, or any of the Inhabitants of the said Castle.

III

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. c. jo. 415

III'Provided always, That the Produce of the said Tolls and Duties shall, in the Rrft place, be ("abject l'xp: nc of this

and liable to pay and discharge the reasonable Charges and Expenses incurred in procuring and passing this to be hrft present Abfof Parliament; anything in the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding. f'1 "'

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the annual Payments which v/crepayments to the awarded by the Arbiters by virtue of the said act of the ninth Year of his late majesty's Reign, to be paid ar, les 01;' to the Proprietors of the Parishes of Saint Cuthberi, Canon Gate. South and North Leith, shall continue tocorvlnued

be paid to the said Proprietors during the Continuance of this present act, in the same Manner and under" the same Regulations, as by the said Act is directed and prescribed.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall the present C

extend, or be conllrued to extend to empower the Persons appointed to put the said Act of the ninth Year "otto

of his late Majesty, or this present Act, in Execution, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to bor L clt"'row any further Sttm, so as to increase the present Capital Debt, upon the Credit of the said Duties by the said former Act and this present Act made payable.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Magistrates and Town Council ofst.iteofthi ac the said City for the time being shall, upon the third Tuesday of the Month of July which shall be in the counts to b: Year of our Lord one thousand Even hundred and ninety-nine, make up a full, complete and perfebl Statemadc

of all the Money which shall have arisen and been received by and from the said Duties granted by the said former and this present Act, and of all Sums of Money laid out from time to time for the several Purposes in the said former Acts and this present Act mentioned, and of what Debts shall be then owing on account of the said former and this present Act; to the End that ic may appear, if any Overplus Money shall remain; and in case any Overplus shall remain, the same shall be laid out and applied, with the Approbation of the Overseers for the time being, in Inch manner as directed by the said Act of the ninth Year of his late Majesty.

VII. And be it further enacted and declared, That the annual Payments with which the said Duty is when the pay burdened, shall continue and endure only till the firtl Day of July which shall be in the Year of our Lord c "Jsc

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer. to"ccafe.utj, aie

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken toputiick ASHE a public Abl, of which Notice shall by all Courts in this Kingdom be judicially taken, and all Judges,

Justices and other Persons are hereby required to take Notice of it as such.

X

An Act for the more effectual securing Mines of Black Lead from Theft and Robbery.

WHEREAS by Experience it hath been found, that Wad or Black Cawke, commonly called Black Lead, is and hath been necessary for diverse ul eful Purposes, and more particularly in the calling bombshells, Round shot, and Cannonballs; and that such Wad, Black Cawke, or Black Lead, hath hitherto been discovered in one Mountain, or Ridge of Hills, only in this Realm; and that great Waste and Destruction therein, hath of late Years been made by wicked and evil disposed Persons, who, by reason of the Situation of the Mine or Mines, wad hole or wad holes of the said Wad, Black Cawke or Black Lead, and of the great Difficulty to secure and preserve the same from being unlawfully broke,

or by Force entered into; and also by reason of the small Punishment by the laws now in being, annexed to Offences of the like Kind, have been encouraged unlawfully to enter, and by Force to keep Possession of the same; and from thence unlawfully to take and carry a < ay great Quantities of the said Wad,

Black Cawke or Black Lead; for the more effectual Security of all and every Mine or Mines, wad hole

or wad holes of Wad or Black Cawke, commonly called Black Lead, and for preventing the unlawful

breaking and entering into the same; or the unlawful taking and carrying away from such Mine or Mines, wad hole or wad holes, any Wad, Black Cawke or Black Lead; and for punishing such Offen

£ in a more exemplary Manner, than by the Laws in being can now be done May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Ma

jdty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, III this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person or Persons thattil! entering

shall, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, unlawfully break, or by Force enter into any Mine or Mines, wad hole orin!eut to

wad holes of Wad or Black Cawke, commonly called Black Lead, or into any Pit, Shaft, Adit or Vein of

Wad, Black Cawke or Black Lead, with an Intent to take and carry away from thence any Wad, Black

Cawke or Black Lead; or shall unlawfully from thence take and carry away any Wad, Black Cawke or

Black Lead, although such Mine or Alines, wad hole or wad holes, Pit, Shaft, Adit or Vein, be not

actually broke, or by Force entered into by such Offender or Offenders; or shall aid, abet, afliff, hire or

command any Person or Persons to commit such Offence or Offences as aforesaid; then, and in every °0vo" o^eem«r

such Case, all and every such Person or Persons shall be deemed and construed to be guilty of Felony; and felony

it shall and may be lawful for the Court, or Judge, before whom any such Person or Persons so offending as

aforesaid, shall be lawfully convicted, to order such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Prison orani theoffendcrj

Gaol of the said County, appointed for Criminals, or to some House of Correction within the same County,

far a Time not exceeding one Year, there to be kept to hard Labour during all the said Time, and to he'0jbjic.

publickly whipped by the common Hangman, or by the Mailer of such House of Correction, at such Times,

and at such Places, and in such Manner, as such Court or Judge shall think proper j or it shall and maybe

lawful

4-i6 C II — 14. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1752.

lawful to and for such Court or Judge, or for any other subsequent Court held at the same Place, with the

ITO be trans 1 I l C A nflmfifir northeast t lio fai tyka*' t r r 1 a r aiaii Af fy /? r»*c f A 1 % n fa coins af Kir

ported for 7 Years 5

from prison or tic ^ei*'on or per^olls so committed or transported shall voluntarily escape or break Prison, or return from return from* Transportation before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she or they shall be ordered to be trans 'i'i*iimportation, ported, as aforesaid, such Person or Persons being thereof lawfully convicted shall suffer Death as a Felon, to fuller Death; without Benefit of Clergy, and shall be tried for such Felony in the County where he, she or they so escaped, or where he, she or they shall be apprehended. of thecformerte nd be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall be convicted or attainted Conviction f any of the Offences aforesaid, and shall voluntarily escape, break Prison, or return from Transportation cieemrj sufficientas aforesaid, and shall be apprehended in any othercounty or City different from that wherein the said Of proof thereof, fence was committed, the Clerk of the Assize, or Clerk of the Peace for the County or City where such Conviction or Attainder for the said Offence or Offences was had, shall, at the Request of the Prolocutor, or of any other on his majeliy's Behalf, certify the same by a Transcript in few Words, containing the Effect and Tenor of such Conviction or Attainder, for which Certificate two Shillings and sixpence, and no more shall he paid; and such Certificate being produced in Court shall be sufficient Proof of such former Conviction or attaint!.r.

receivers of HE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who shall,

hto^beftolen fr°ni alk' ater t^le twenty fourthday of June one thousand seven hundred" and fifty-two, buy or receive guilty ot felony.?any " wjut or Black Cawke, commonly called Black Lead, knowing the same to be so unlawfully taken and carried away as aforesaid, shall be deemed and construed to be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof shall be subject and liable to all the Pains and Penalties, which any Person or Persons can or may by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, be subject and liable to, for buying or receiving any Goods or Chattels that have been feloniously taken or stolen, knowing the same to have been stolen.

jiivt niiufuf 1 ty do uic tuiiuti j tu utuv t iudii vyiiljiut i kji wo tu ut. iidmput tt, u tw iuuid ui III V j <tjcj j j

Plantations beyond the Seas, for a Term not exceeding seven Years, as such Court or Judge shall think most proper; and thereupon Judgement shall be given, that the Person or Persons so convicted shall be committed and whipped, or transported accordingly; and if Transportation shall be directed, the same shall

It pvprnt pin stirh mnnnpr tc rvr shall hr nrrwirlcrl nv f.nw fnr fnr* 't'rcmfrinrfntirvn nf and if

CAP. XL

An act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of ea/l Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to deposit Corpfc in the Vaults or Arches under the Church in the said Parish, and to ascertain the Sees that shall be paid for the same.

PR.

CAP. XII.

an Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Westminster, in the County of ifits, to the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset; and also the Road from the Town of Frame, in the said County of Somerset, to the Town of Bcckhigton in the same County; and for repairing the Road from Hcytejhwy to Anjirow Hill, in the County of jfilts. PR. [Certain Toils granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. XIII.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of rod borough Hill which leads to Diidbridge; and also the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bliley, so sir 1 as the Bottom of gu/ph Hill, all in the County of Gloucester.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. XIV.

See 13 CI j4 Car. An Act; to open the Port of Lancaster for the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from ft XJ' Ireland.

1 W. (5 M. ft. 1.

C 32. 7 & 8 IV 3. f. as.9& ic tv. 3. f. 40. 10 fi? 11 //'. 3. r. jo. 3 Geo. 1. c. 21. 4gr.*. I. f. II 5 Geo. I. C it. .12 Geo. 1. c. 34. 13 Gee 1.

C z3. Gec. 2. C 21. 12 Geo. 2. c. 21. 15 Geo. 2. t. 27.

WHEREAS the Port of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of lar.cashr, is very conveniently situated for the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland; and the opening of the said Port for that Purpose, will be of great Utility and Advantage to the Woollen Manufactures in the

Northern Parts of England, and more especially in the Counties of Lancaster, York, and ll ejhnorland; and may also be a Means of increasing the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland, into this Kingdom May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Pott oflancaster phat from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, it shall and may be opened for Im jawfuj for any Person or Persons to import into the Port of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Wool °m any Wool or Woollen or Bay Yam, Wool Fells, Shortlings? Mortlings, Wool Flocks, or Wo r (led Yarn, Ireland, from Ireland; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

under the fime

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Importations of Wool Regulations as and Woollen or Bay Yarn, Wool Fells, Shortlings, Mortlings, Wool Flocks and Worded Yarn, from 1° [° jo "wl11 Ireland, into the said Port of Lancaster, shall be made from such Ports only, and under the same restrictions

417

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. c. 15 — 19.

and Regulations, in all respects, as Wool or Woollen Yarn is now by Law permitted to be imported into the several Ports of Biddeford, Barnstaple, Minehead, Bridgewater, Bristol, Milford haven, Chester and Liverpool, or any of them, and in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Port of lan eq/ler had been particularly named for the Importation of the said Goods, in an Act made in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England, into foreign Parts and for the Encouragetnent of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England; or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever.

Concert ling Woolly see farther 26 Geo. 2. c. 8 Sf j 1. 29 Geo. 2. c. 33. 30 g.c* 2, f, iz.

CAP. XV.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and also Persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Articles of Clerkship within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for those Purposes. EXP. ['I ime given to 28 Nov. 1752. to take the Oaths, &c. and the same Time for filing Affidavits of Clerks. J

CAP. XVI.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Acts of Parliament, for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittenfor and the most Northern Part of Talk on the Hill, inbutt lane in the County of Stafford. PR. [The Act % gco. 2. C 5. continued for 21 Years, j

CAP. XVII.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Green Man in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to a Place called White Trough, in the Parish of Trowbridge in the same County 5 and from thence by Road Church to Bcckington, in the County of Somerset.'

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Long Horsley Bar or Gate, on the Poll Road near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horsley, iveidon Bridge, and Whittingham, to the River Brcamish, and from thence to Piercy scross, in the County of Northumberland.

PR.

[Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. XIX.

An Act to open the Port of Great Yarmouth for the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland.

WHEREAS the opening of the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, for the Importa tion of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland will be of great Utility and Advantage to the Wool len Manufactures in that Part of England, by rendering the Conveyance of those Materials to the several Towns and Places where the said Manufactures are carried on, more easy, cheap and expeditious; and may also be a Means of increasing the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland into this Kingdom May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual Tha Port of and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Great Yarmouth That from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, it shall and may bc°pened, or tl, = lawful for any Person or Persons to import into the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, any wo^t fromlre wool or Woollen or Bay Yarn, Wool Fells, Shortlings, Mortlings, Wool Flocks, and Worsted Y arn, from land';

Ireland, any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Importations of Wool, under the r«ru and Woollen or Bay Yarn, Wool Fells, Shortlings, Mortlings, Wool Flocks and A' orfted Yarn, from, at!oijs iJ110*Ireland into the said Port of Great Yarmouth, shall be made from such Ports only, and under the same re-11 w' 3' c'i0' strictions and Regulations in all Respects, as Wool or Woollen Yarn is now by Law permitted to be imported into the several Ports of Biddeford, Barrstaple, Minehead, Bridgwater, Bristol, Milford Haven, Chester and Liverpoole, or any of them; and in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Port of Great Yarmouth had been particularly named for the Importation ofmhe said Goods in an Act made in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of the late King William the hird (entitled, an act to prevent the 'Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into Foreign Parts, and for the Encourage Set the Rcfeneu m.ent of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England) or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament M chai whatsoever*'

01.. VII

4*8 C 20 — 24. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1752.

CAP. XX.

An Act to obviate Doubts that have arisen with regard to the Admission of the Vassals of the Principality of Scotland, and Payment of their Rents and Duties.

WHEREAS a Doubt hath arisen, whether the Lands and other Heretages, commonly known by the Name of The Principality of Scotland, and as such possessed by his late Royal Highness Frederick Prince of Wales, as Prince and Steward of Scotland, did, upon his Death, defeend to his Royal Highness George William Frederick now Prince of Wales, or whether the same did return to the King's mo ft lxcel lent Majesty; it is rendered uncertain in what manner the Vassals of the said Princip. LI y ought to be entered, and to whom the Rents, Issues and Profits of the Principality ought to be paid, and by whom the Vassals should be thereof acquitted: And whereas by reason, especially of the Loss of great Part of the ancient Records of Scotland, the removing of that Doubt may be attended with considerable Delay and Difficulty; and although the Rents, Issues and Profits of the Principality itself are of very inconsiderable Value, and have proved hardly sufficient to defray the Expense of the officers necessary for collecting or administering the same; yet in the mean time it will be highly prejudicial to the Vassals of the said Principality, and to their Heirs, or Angular Successors, or Purchasers from them, if no certain Method shall be settled, whereby their Title to Lands, or other Heretages holding of the said Principality, may be effectually made up and completed For the Relief therefore of the vassals, and all other Persons, who may be interested in Lands and Heretages, holding of the said Principality; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and his Majesty to may be lawful for his Majesty, until his Royal Highness George Willidnk Frederick Prince of Wales shall of Scot" " atta*n t^le ^11 Ago of twenty-one Years, to hold and possess the said Principality and Stewartry of Scotland, Lid? to grant and to give Entries, Charters, or Infeftments, to the Vassals thereof, containing Clauses of Novo damns. Entries, C to and other Clauses usual, and to do every other Act concerning the said Principality and Stewartry of scot thevaftals there land, in the same Manner that hath been formerly practised and accustomed by his Royal Predecessors the of, uji the Prince j^ingj or qucens of Scotland, or of Great Britain, when there was no Prince in Being; and all such Entries, of thea >eof 21 Charters, Infeftments or other Acts and Deeds, concerning the said Principality, or"any Part thereof, shall Years. ° be good, valid and effectual in Law, to the Vassals receiving the same, and all Parties having Interest therein, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: to the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs The Rights of and Successors, and to his Royal Highness George William Frederick Prince of Wales, his Heirs and suc ohlu^princeof ce^'ors' such Right, Title or Interest in, to, or out of the said Principality or Stewartry of Scotland, or Wales referred to le Rents, Issues and Profits of the same, as they would have had, in case this Act had not been made; except that of 'other than and except any Right to avoid, impeach or call in question, any Entry, Charter, Infeftment, or avoiding the en other Act and Deed to be made or granted by his Majesty, to the Vassals, as aforesaid; the Payment tries, C of any Rents, Feu Duties, or other Duties and Casualties, as against any Vassals, Tenants, Angular Successors or Purchasers; which are by this Act intended to be made good, valid and effectual, for and in respect of such Vassals, Tenants and Angular Successors, and all Persons claiming, or to claim, by, from or under them, or any of them.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for repairing the Roads from jvallingford in the County of Berks to Wantage, and from thence to Faringdon, and also from Wantage to Idson in the said County.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years

CAP. XXII.

An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Shrewsbury through Ellesmere in the County of Salop, and Overton in the County of Flint, to Wrexham in the County of Denbigh.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evannlift in the City of Westminster; and for cleansing the Streets and repairing the Highways within, the said Parishes.

PR.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Tinbead Hill to the Round Stone in Trowbridge; and from Flinty Nap to Western Down in the Parish of Edington in the County of Wilts: and other Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, leading towards the Cities of Bristol and Bath. PR. f Certain Tolls granted for 21. Years. j[

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. C. 25. 419

CAP. XXV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money therein also mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the said Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

MOST Gracious Sovereign; We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of _^Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have

cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, in the easiest Manner we are able, for the Benefit of your majesty's Subjects, and all'o to use such Ways and Means therein as that your Majesty may have the better and more speedy Effect of the said Supplies, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund; and to that End and Purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys as now are or shall from Time to Time be and remain in the Receipt of 500, 0001. the Exchequer, of the said Surplusses, Excelfes or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, granted out of (after paying or referring sufficient to pay all such Annuities, or annual Sum and Sums of Money as have j}16 ink, n? been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, to be paid out of the same) there shall and may be Sup W sot Blued and applied, a Sum not exceeding the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, for and towards the current the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty year, two; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And whereas your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, have also resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the further Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds, towards the Supply granted to your Majesty for the Service of the said 1, 400,000l. ad Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, to be raised in Manner hereafter mentioned: And whereasancfd b>'tiin

the Governor and Company of the Bank of England have proposed to advance and pay into the Receipt

your majesty's Exchequer the Sum of one million, for Payment of Part of the Debt of the Navy, and other Services,

other public Services; and also the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds charged on the additional Duties on Stamps herein after mentioned, now carrying an Interest at three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, which pursuant to Notice given the last Session of Parliament are to be redeemed and

paid off; upon Condition that Exchequer Bills be issued to them on or before the Times at which the said Sums of one million and four hundred thousand Pounds respectively shall be wanted to be advanced, car rying an Interest at three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be charged on the Sinking Fund, and that the said principal Sums of one million and four hundred thousand Pounds, shall be repaid to them out of the

firstexcesses or Surplusses of the said Sinking Fund that shall be applied to the Payment of the Principal of the National Debt, next after the Remainder of the Sum of one million one hundred and ninety thousand one hundred and eleven Pounds sixteen Shillings and one Penny, which has been advanced by the said Governor and Company, pursuant to an at of the last Session of Parliament, shall be discharged and paid off; 'Now we your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Commons in Parliament assembled, being of Opinion that it will he of Advantage to the Public to accept of the said Proposal, and being also desirous to lessen the National Debt as fall as conveniently may be consistent with Justice and public Faith, do also most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawitt! to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Trerffury for the Time being, on his Majesty's Behalf, to contradh and agree with the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance and pay into the said Receipt of Exchequer any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the said Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds for Exchequer Bills, to be made forth at the said Receipt in the Manner herein after mentioned, in such Proportions, and at such respective Times, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the said High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall judge to be most for the Advantage of the Public, for the Purposes aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the The Bank a bank of England, and their Successors, shall have and receive an Interest or Preemhmi after the Rate oflow'<i:, 1- r.cr three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the said principal Sum of one million four hundred thousand mt, ntetcft' Pounds, to be advanced by them into the said Receipt of Exchequer, from the respective Times of advancing and paying the same, or any Part thereof into the said Receipt, which said Interest or Pramiurn shall be paid from Time to Time to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, by quarterly Payments out of the Moneys arising at the said Receipt of Exchequer, of or for the Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, until such Times as the said Exchequer Bills, or

any

Treasury 'o nuke out Exchequer Bills,

25«

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II.

A.D.

1752,

any Part thereof, vided.

IV. any

or to carry an interest of 3 1. percent.

B 11s to be nuir. bered arillmje tically.

and the Interest to be paid quarterly

The Bills to be made with Cheques,

a.od the pay masters to have one Pajt,

and the Controllers the other.

Bills to be placed as Calli in the Exchequer.

Currency of the Bills.

flr.dl be difcluirged and cancelled in the Manner and Form by this Act hereafter pro

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of the treasury, three or mere of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the Time being shall, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made at the Exchequer, at once, or at such Times, and in such Proportions, and in such Method and Form as they or he shall think moil safe and convenient, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, containing one common Sum or different Sums in the principal Moneys, so as such Bills do not exceed in the Whole the said principal Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bills to be made and prepared in pursuance of this Add, shall and may bear an Into rest not exceeding the said Rate or Premium of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and proportimably for any greater or less Sum to be contained therein, ami to be payable to the Bearers thereof respectively; nevertheless the said Interest shall be abated and lived upon such of the said Bills to be made forth by this Act!, as shall at any Time ortimes be in the Recept of the Exchequer, or in the Hands or Power of any Receivers or Collectors of any Taxes, Aids or Revenues whatsoever, payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, during such l ime and Times reflectively as such Bills shall be or remain in the said Receipt, or in such Hands or Power as aforesaid.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, That all the said Bills shall be numbered Arithmetically, beginning v.dth NI. and so proceeding in an Arithmetical Progression, ascending, wherein the common Excess or Difference shall always be one, and shall be registered accordingly, so that the principal Sum to be contained in every such Bill may regularly be paid off and aifeharged in Course, according to the Number of every such Bill, as it shall stand in the said Register; and that the Interest upon all and every the same Bills shall be payable every three Months, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Add; and that upon every such Bill there shall be endorsed, printed or written, in Words at Length, or in Figures, the Sum, after which the Principal to be contained therein, shall be payable in such Course as aforesaid, according to the Purport and true Adeaning of this Add.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the said Bills shall be prepared and made with such Cheques, Indents or Counterfoils, as shall be directed by the Commissioners of the treasury, or a y three or more of them now being, or by the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and that the Person or Persons who shall be appointed to pay oft' the said Bills in Course, shall from Time to Time have the Use and Cufdody of one Part of all the Cheques, Indents or Counterfoils of the said Exchequer Bills, to be prepared and made by virtue of this Add, from which the same shall have been cut, to prevent his or their being imposed upon by counterfeit or forged Bills; and that the Undertakers or Contractors for exchanging and circulating the said Bids, or such of them as shall be current, shall from Time to Time have the Use and Cufdody of one other Part of all the said Cheques, Indents or Counterfoils of the said Exchequer Bills from which the same shall have been cut off" as aforesaid, in order to prevent their being imposed upon by any counterfeit or forged Bills; and that all the said Parts of the said Cheques, Indents or Counterfoils, shall be delivered back into the Exchequer, when the said Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Add shall be paid oft', cancelled and discharged.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the said High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to cause such Bills, as shall be prepared by virtue of this Add, to be placed as so much Calli in the respective Offices of the Tellers of the said Receipt of the Exchequer, each and every of which Tellers shall be federally charged with the Proportion of the said Bills which shall be so placed in his Office respectively; any Law orltfage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Bills to be issued as aforesaid, shall be current in like Manner, and with such Privileges and Advantages, and subject to such Rules and Directions, as are prescribed and enacted by an Add of this present Session of Parliament, (entitled. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder ami Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty two) for or concerning the Exchequer Bills thereby authorised to be made forth; and that all and every the Clauses and Provisoes in the said last mentioned Act, relating to the Currency, Exchanging or Receiving the same laid mentioned Exchequer Bills, by any publick Receivers of Aids, Taxes or Supplies, or in his Majesty's Receipt of the Exchequer, or for forging, counterfeiting or altering the same Bills, or making out new Bills in the room of such as shall be filled up with Indorsements, lost, burnt, defaced, or otherwise destroyed, or for making out Exchequer Bills of five thousand Pounds each, or for making out Exchequer Bills without bearing Interest, or for making them afterwards to bear an Interest, or a higher or lower Rate of Interest, from Time to Time, as the con tiaddors shall agree to, or for preventing any Misapplication of the Fund on which the same are charged, or any other Misbehaviour of any Officers concerned in the receiving, Bluing, exchanging, paying oft' or cancelling the same last mentioned Exchequer Bills, or for obliging the Contraddors to pay the Interest of, dr exchange for ready Money on demand, the Exchequer Bills thereby authorised to be issued at a Rate or pra/nium not exceeding three Pounds per Centum per Annum, or for preventing any Disabilities in any such Contraddors, or for making them not liable to be Bankrupts on account of such Contrndds, or for appointing a Paymaster or Paymasters for paying oft' and cancelling the same Exchequer Bills in due Course and Order (not otherwise altered by this Add) shall extend, and be construed to extend, as well to the Exchequer

4

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. c. 25. 4.22

Bills by this a<tc authorised to be made forth, as to the Exchequer Bills to be made forth in pursuance of the find Add for continuing and granting the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Rates and Duties continued and granted by the same Ad) as ample, fully and effeiftually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Clauses or p/ovifoes had been particularly repeated and re enadbed verbatim in this Act.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury, Treasury to irtue or any three or more of them now being, or the said High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Com Money to pay missioner of the Treasury for the Time being, shall or may issue, or cause to be ifllted to such Paymastertbe Interest by or Paymasters to be constituted as aforesaid, by way of Impressed and upon Account, so much Moneys out of of the growing Produce of the said Surpluses, Exceifes or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, as shall from Time to Time incur and grow due to the said Contractors for the interest or Presmium upon the said Exchequer Bills to be made forth by this Add during the Continuance thereof, and such other Payments as are by this Act directed or allowed to be paid ordischarged out of the same; anything in this or any former Actor Adbs of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it is the true Intent and the bills charged Meaning of this Act, that all the Exchequer Bills hereby authorised to be made forth, not exceeding the on the sinking said Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid, shall be, and they are hereby charged sund' upon the said Surplusses, Exceiles or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, and the same Exchequer Bills mall ( from and immediately after all the Exchequer Bills made forth for the principal Sum of one million one hundred ninety thousand and forty-one Pounds sixteen Shillings and one Penny, advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and charged on the said Sinking Fund, shall be paid off and discharged) from time to Time be paid off to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, out of the Moneys that shall from.

Time to Time arise into the said Receipt of Exchequer, of or ior the said Sinking Fund, which may be applied to the Payment of the Principal of the National Debt, and not otherwise: the said of of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the said High Treasurer, or any three' or more of the Commissioners of the treasury for the Time being, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and enabled' to cause such Moneys which shall from Time to Time arise at the said Receipt of Ex of or for the said Sinking Fund, applicable to the Payment of the Principal of the National Debt as aforesaid (after paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills before mentioned) to be ifi ued from time' to Time to such Paymaster or Paymasters to be constituted as aforesaid, by way of Impressed and upon Account, to be by him or them applied towards the paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills hereby authorised to be made forth as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, in the Manner before directed; and at such'

Times, and in such Proportions, as the said Commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them,

or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall judge to be moult for the Advantage of the Public;

from which respective Time or Times of paying oft or discharging the said Exchequer Bills, or any Part

thereof, by such Paymaster or Paymasters as aforesaid, a proportionable Part of the interest or Presmium, interest to cease

payable for such Exchequer Bills so paid off or discharged at the Rate aforesaid, shall cease and deter upon such of ihv

mine; anything in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise not with biiis as^JIBE

landing _ \. off'

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys Appropriation of coming into the Exchequer either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of parlia the Supplies, rnent (entitled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain within the Space of one Tear, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two) and so much Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the interest, Pramium, Rate and Charges thereupon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax shall be satisfied, or Money Efficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coining into the Exchequer either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament (entitled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two) and so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the interest, Presmium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or Money Efficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also the Sum of one million nine hundred thousand.

Pounds by this Act granted shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses and Purposes herein after expressed; that is to say. It is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be ill ued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million seven hundred eighty-two viz. 1, 782^90], thousand and ninety Pounds eighteen Shillings and one Penny, for or towards the Naval Services herein is s. 1 d. fe after more particularly expressed; is to say, For or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Naval Services Navy, and the Vidbialling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, consisting of three hundred fifty-five Days; and for or towards defraying the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers; and for or towards the Buildings re buildings and repairs of his Majesty's Ships for the said Year and for or towards paying off or discharging the Debt of the Navy.

XIII.

a2 2

C 25.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1752.

114, 910). 3 s. 5 d. to the Charge of the Ordnance for Land Service,

9/1991. 9s. to

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or sup irjreenwich Hof plies aforesaid, there shall and may be iitued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding nine piu1, thousand six hundred ninety-nine Pounds and nine Shillings, upon Account, towards the Support of the

Royal Hospital at Greenwichr for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred twenty-four thousand nine hundred and twenty Pounds three Shillings and five Pence, for cr towards defraying the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

XV. And it is hereby also enabled. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid,

1, 041, 554). there shall and may be iifiied and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million forty-one tops. 6d. to the thousand five hundred and fifty-four Pounds nineteen .'billings and sixpence, for anj towards maintaining Land Forces; h; Majesty's Land Forces, ani other Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say, Any iz Sum or Surrs of Money not exceeding six hundred and eleven thousand one hundred and one Pounds six

cv'zotlfocs' Shilling', and five Pence Halfpenny, for defraying the Charges of eighteen thousand eight hundred and fifty guanl in seven effective Men, including Commission and non commission Officers, and also one thousand eight Great Britain, hundred and fifteen Invalids, for Guards, Garrisons and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain,

Guernsey and Jersey, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred twenty-nine thousand nine hundred and forty-three Pounds thirteen Shillings and nine Pence Halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's P'orces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar and mirnjirt^a, ns' Providence, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty-eight thousand four hundred forty-eight Pounds fourteen Shillings and seven Pence, upon Account for out pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding sixty thousand Pounds, upon account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, fu bject to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are hereafter prescribed concerning the same; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand five hundred twenty-two Pounds sixteen Shillings and sixpence, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, anal to the superannuated

Guernsey and Jersey j

- 9, 043 I. 1

91). 2 q. for

Minorca and Gibraltar, and for provi flnns for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar and Providence, 58, 448l. 14?

Shillings and one Penny, for paying of Pensions to the Widow's of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were

to Out pen gentlemen of the four Troops of Horse Guards for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two; fe^hospitval'61' anc any umor Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand one hundred twenty-five Pounds thirteen

60.000). to

'married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two; which said Sum of three thousand one hundred and twenty-five Pounds thirteen Shillings and one Penny, shall he issued to such Person or Persons as his Majesty flail, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, direeft and appoint to receive the same, to be by

him or them paid over to such Widows of half-pay Officers, or their Assigns, according to such Establish

ments, Lists or other Directions, and with and fu bject to such Conditions, Qualifications and other ail'd. to thvp en lowances for the same as his Majesty, by such and the like Warrant or Warrants, shall be graciously pleased

floes of Officers to direct and appoint; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty-two thousand four hundred Widows; twelve Pounds fifteen Shillings and one Penny, for defraying the extraordinary Expenses of his Majesty's 21, 4121. 15 s. Land Forces and other Services incurred in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and not id. lor extrior fr by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds, to omhe ljn1jences enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Elector of Bavaria, pursuant to trea.y; and Forces incurred any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-two thousand Pounds, to ena le his Majesty to make in (751. good his Engagements with the King of Poland, Elector of Saxony, pursuant to Treaty.

20.000). to thejeitioor of Bavaria j 32, 0001. to the King of pui. nd.

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty-one thousand and forty-two Pounds nineteen Shillings and sixpence Halfpenny, upon Account, for defraying the Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Set cment of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money' not exceeding fort)' thousand tour hundred fifty Pounds and ten Pence, aid cod for theupon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia for preent ear, the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two.

6, 997). St. 3d.

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of ail or any the Aids or to thedcficieiici Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be iitued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding of toe addition. 1 pix t]10ufan; I nine hundred ninety seven Pounds eight Shillings and threepence, to replace' to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties 5, 4n 1. 6 % pci, at Christmas one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and any Stun or Sums of Money not exceeding five to rl»e Driicianry thousand four hundred thirty-one Pounds six Shillings and fourpence, to rcnir.ee to the said Sinking of toe Duties on Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty on Licences for re lkence: for re ta; ]jn r of Spirituous Liquors at ladyday one thousand seven hundred and fifty' onc; and any Sum or Sums

4, 5221. r6 s.

6 d. to the Officers and Gentlemen of the Horse Guards, C reduced; 3, 1251.

21, 041, 1. 1 g s. 6 d. 2 q. ro th fcttl n'Nova Scotia in 1751

and 40, 450).

Stamp Duties at Christmas 1750.

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. c. 25. 423

Sums of Money not exceeding eleven thou find seven hundred thirty even Pounds fourteen Shillings and titling Spirituous fourpence Halfpenny, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make Liquors ac lady good the Deficiency of the Duty of twelve Shillings a Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British ordliy 1751 foreign Fruit or Sugar at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums Money not exceeding twenty-four thousand one hundred and two Pounds nineteen Shillings and five Deficiency of the Pence, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Defi Duties on Sweets ciency of the additional Duties on Wines at midfi/mmer one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and»t Michaelmas any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty-two thousand nine hundred sixty nine Pounds one Shilling '75' and seven Pence Halfpenny, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to G'to the^efl make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Ghfs and Spirituous Liquors at Midsummer one thousand seven cicncy°on th/ad" hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding sixty one thousand and sixty six d t rnsl Duties on Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence Farthing, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like' Sum paid outw ncs at mid of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows and Lights, atfuminfr '751 michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Id, 9?' t*'j, e fifty-four thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds five Shillings and five Pence Halfpenny, to make good ryficdncy°of the the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and Duties on gdis any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seventeen thousand one hundred nineteen Pounds fourteen shil and Spirituous lings and fourpence Halfpenny, to make good the Deficiency at Ckrijbnas one thousand seven hundred andl, lii's fifty one, of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors granted to his Majesty from the twenty-fifth Day of march7g'the one thousand seven hundred and forty-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six thousand Deficiency of the six hundred ninety three Pounds seventeen Shillings and fourpence, to make good the Deficiency at c/tnry? durics on mas one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, of the additional Duty on Wines; and any Sum or sumshouses, cof Money not exceeding twenty-four thousand nine hundred sixty eight Pounds twelve Shillings and tens4i7srh 5 s pence Halfpenny, to make good the Deficiency at Christmas one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, ofi^ Mc ^f'the the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousandgra nts for 1751. Pounds, towards the Support of the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, to be applied i7, ucii, 14*. in such Manner as his Majesty shall think proper; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fourdd. dq. to thousand Pounds, to enable the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America to defray the the Deficiency Expenses incurred by them; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand Pounds towards at chrlftfqs laying out, making and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages between?, 7 the City of Carlisle and the Town of Nnucqjllc upon Tyne. "uqux;

6.69 31. 17s. 4d. to the additional Duties on Wines at Christmas 1751 j 24, 9681. 12s. lod. 2 q. to the Deficiency of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous. Liquors 5 10, cool, to the Settlements on the Coast of Africa. 4, 000 1. to the Trustees of Georgia 5 3,000l. towards making a Road fromcarlifle to New

castie.

XVIII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of her Ann. C ir.

late Majesty Queen Anne, (entitled, An Act for continuing one half Part of the Subfiles of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon jvvncs, Gooch and Merchandizes imported, which were granted to the Grown in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second; aucl for settling a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Aleans for Payment of Annuities, not exceeding eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, to be sold for raising a farther Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and right,

and for other Uses therein expressed) certain Annuities were granted and made payable at the Exchequer out of the said Duties by that Act continued: And whereas in pursuance of an Act made in the fixth6 go. i. C

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, (entitled. An Act for enabling the South' Sea Company to increase their present capital Stock and Fund, by redeeming such public, Debts and Encumbrances cs are therein mentioned, and for raising Moneys to be applied for lessening several of the public Debts and Encumbrances; and for calling in the present Exchequer Bills remaining uncancelled; and for making forth new Bills in lieu thereof, to be circulated and exchanged upon Demand at or near the exeheq< er) several of the Proprietors of the Annuities before mentioned did subscribe the same into the Capital Stock of the said.

south-sea Company, upon the Terms in the said last recited Act mentioned; by means whereof the said.

Company are become entitled to the yearly Sum of thirty-nine thousand one hundred forty six Pounds five Shillings and seven Pence, for Interest and Charges of Management upon such Part of the said An act' nuities so subscribed into their Capital: And whereas the Moneys arisen into the Exchequer of or for the 1 Rates and Duties by the said first recited Act granted, have proved so low and deficient, that at the Feast 1 of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, there was due and payable to.

the several Persons entitled to such Part of the said Annuities as were not subscribed to the south-sea Company, as also to the south-sea Company upon their Annuity aforesaid, the Sum of eighty nine s thousand nine hundred twenty-five Pounds ten Shillings and seven Fence: And whereas no Provision is made by the said Acts, or either of them, for making good such Deficiency.; 'Be it therefore enacted by 8;, 9151. the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may he ifiliea make oud and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of eighty nine thousand nine hundred ^tj'l1' twenty fiye Pounds ten Shillings and seven Pence, to make good to the several Proprietors of the said An m() to thesouth -- nuities, as also to the south-sea Company, the several Sum or Sums of Money due to them, to Satisfy, their Sea Company thor respective Annuities payable by the said Acts of Parliament, to or for any Time before the said Feast Day duc lithe of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one. recued Acts.

XIX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the fourth Year of his present Ma 4 Geos. co.

jesty's Reign, (entitled, An Act for raising one million two hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities and a Lot ' tery, in manner therein mentioned; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament;

and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets and Orders lost, burnt or otherwise

defrayed)

4-2 4

G. 25.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1752.

Jejiroyed) it is ranongst other Things enabled, That it should and might be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute, advance and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for his Majesty's Use, at such Time or Times as should be appointed by the Commissioner of the Treasury then being, or by the High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four hundred thousand Pounds, in Bait J of the said whole Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of any certain Annuity or Annuities, to commence from the twenty-ninth Day of Septcniber one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, and to be paid and payable to such Contributor or Contributors, or such as he, fly or they should nominate his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, in Manner therein after mentioned; which certain An act' nuities were to be computed at the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Annum for every one hundred Pounds, and proportionably for any greater Sum to be advanced and paid; and the Purchase Money to to be paid for every such Annuity at the Rate aforesaid, was thereby appointed to be paid into the said Receipt at the Time or Times before mentioned; and the said annuities were by the said Act charged upon and made payable at the respective half yearly Days of Payment therein specified, out of the Money arising by the additional Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, by the said Act granted and appropriated for the Payment thereof; and the Sum of fourteen thousand Pounds per Annan is thereby directed to be i.(tiled and applied at the said Receipt of Exchequer, out of the said additional Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, to answer and pay the said Annuities at the respective half yearly Days of Payment therein specified; and after reserving sufficient to pay and satisfy, from Time to "rhyme, such half yearly Payments as should grow due upon the said Annuity of fourteen thousand Pounds, that then tyre further yearly Sum or Annuity of twenty-four thousand Pounds should be issued and paid to the Cashier of the Bank of England, out of the Moneys remaining in the said Receipt, of the said additional Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, for answering and paying all and every the Annuities or yearly Payments, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the Contributors of the 4 lo.tery therein mentioned, in respect of the principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, advanced by them upon the Credit of the said additional Duties, at the respective half yearly Days of Payment therein specified, until the said several and respective Annuities should be redeemed by Parliament, according to the Proviso therein contained for that Purpose; as in and by the said Act, Relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear: And whereas the Speaker of the House of Commons did, in pursuance of a Resolution of the said House in the last Session of Parliament, give Notice by Wri'ing in ferted in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in lo7ulon, that the said Annuities will be redeemed and paid off on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, agree able to the Power of Redemption in the said Act; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tifnfcij to issue That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of 400, 000). to be t]leni now being, or the said High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury j>ri«tms nf th 0* or being, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required, on the said tenth Day of

Order of I. an October one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, to cause the said Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds made in purfu to be issued and paid at the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, out of all or any the Aids or sup ance of t Geo. 2. plies provided as aforesaid, unto the Proprietors of the several and respective Orders of Loan made forth in pursuance of the before recited Act of the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, all the principal Sums contained in the said Orders of Loan, amounting in the whole to the said Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, purfuaist to the Notice given by the Speaker of the House of Commons in that Behalf as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the paying off and discharging all the principal Sums contained in the said Orders of Loan, amounting in the whole to the said tie, A, nnu: t: it principal Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, or r serving Money sufficient for that Purpose, and all'o eupori full Payment of all Arrears of the Annuities payable in respect thereof, the said several and respective

Annuities shall cease, determine and be understood to be redeemed; and from and after the Redemption of the said Annuities, all the Moneys which shall from Time to Time arise intq the said Receipt of Exam) the Duties to chequer, of or for the said additional Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, shall from thence

charged out of rein contained in that Behalf; anything in this or the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise not withstar.ding.

and the surp us

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be to be reserved lot any Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said additional Duties at the End of any one Year, after the said Annuity of twenty-four thousand Pounds, and all Arrears thereof, are satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose, that then such Surplus or Remainder shall from Time to Time be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and shall not be ill ucd but by Authority of Parliament, and as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; anything in any former Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids and Supplies provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses aid Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfird thereout by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in r.nv other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

C9 pursuant to me Notice given by the

Speaker.

On Payment of the above Sum,

the Disposition ot Failuimnt.

These Aids to be applied only t > tile Uses be oi mentioned.

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii jj. C 26. 425

XXIII. And as to the said Sum of sixty thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated on account of Rules to oe <, s. half-pay as aforesaid, it is hereby enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein Served in tb after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application of the said half-pay; that is to say, That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who was a Minor, and under the Age of fifteen Years, 3ppvc°r^ie(j 'ro at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company in which he served was reduced; that no Person the reduced ot shall have or receive any Part of the same, except Rich Persons who did actual Service in fonts llegi fleers, ntent. Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profi. Civil or Mis" -'J l7" litary under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who has resigned his Commission and has had no Commission fmee; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise inti led to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXIV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, (entitled An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sutn of six hundred thousand Pounds out of the C. 7

Sinking Fund for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and for Allovoances to the poor ividows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy; and for the further appropriating the Supplies grant d this Session of Parliament, and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Orders of Loan or Annuity Orders, payable at the Exchequer, in lieu of such as shall be lojl, burnt or defrayed; and also for making forth new Orders of Loan or Annuity Orders, in lieu of such as shall become defaced, obliterated or otherwise incumbred with Alignments or Indorsements thereon) several Sup plies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed; amongst which any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding sixty four thousand Pounds, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that behalfnow it is hereby provided, enacted and declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of sixty four thousand Pounds, as is or7'erp'ij! ofuft shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said^74 Act to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed offy^fjerts of to such Officers who are maimed, or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as by reason of their Charity as his long Service, or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Majesty shall di children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under his Majesty's Royal Sign Ma re' nual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act, or the Hid former Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVI.

An act to restrain the making Insurances on foreign Ships bound to or from the East Indies.

[9 Geo. i.«.efi.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent his majesty's Subjects from subscribing or being concerned in encouraging or promoting any Sulscription for an East-india Company in the Austrian Netherlands; and for the better securing the lawful Tracle of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East indies; all his Majesty's Subjects are restrained and prohibited from subscribing, contributing to, encouraging or promoting the raffing, efhblishing or carrying on any foreign Company erected for trading to the East Indies, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, in order the more effectually to secure by the Provisions of the said Act, as well as by several other Laws now in Force, the sole Trade to and from the East Indies, and other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, to the United

Company of Merchants of England trading to the Sail Indies, that thereby the British Nation might enjoy the full Fruits and Advantages of so beneficial a Trade: And whereas insuring the Ships and Vef leis of Foreigners trading to the East Indies, or the lending Money on Bottomree or rej pondentia of or upon any such foreign Ships or Vessels, may be a Means of encouraging his Majesty's Subjects to share with Foreigners in the establishing or erecting of new Companies, Societies or Corporations for carrying on the said Trade in the Dominions of foreign States or Princes, whose Subjects have never before ad ventured to carry it on be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. Thit from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred Noinfunnces to and fifty-two, all and every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, being Subjects of his be or Majesty in Great Britain or Ireland, or elrwhere, and all other Persons whatsoever residing within Great Britain or Ireland, shall be restrained and prohibited by virtue of this Act, from granting, signing or xei pond^tu 01 underwriting any Policy or Policies of assurance, or lending any Money on Bottomree or Respondentia, Bonds, on of or upon any foreign Ship or Ships trading or failing, or to trade or fail to or from the East Indies, ankles Ships c.r: other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, within the Limits of Trade granted to the United Company go°iis boi'nd_to of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or to or from any Ports or Places within the said* Limits; or of or upon any Goods, Merchandizes or Effects, laden or to be laden on board any such Ship rfi or Ships, the said Ships or Goods not belonging to any Companies, Societies or Corporations which were

426 C 2

ranees refer to 43 El. C n. 13 & 14 Car. 2. C 23.

6 1. C is.

7 Cm, 1. r. 27. !» (/CJ. 1. <. 13* 3 1 Geo. 1. c. 30. zf Geo. 2. c. 37. zi Geo. 2. c. 4.

on Forfeiture of treble the Sum infuiej or lent 5

A.D. 1752.

refled, or which had carried on such Trade; or to any Person or Persons who had car yade by virtue of any Charter, Licence or Authority from their respecti.e Sovereign', re seventh Day of October one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight; and ail Contracts,

7. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II.

established or erefl< ried oh such Tron or before the

Bargains and Agreements by which any pra iniv.m, or confijeration in the nature^ol a Presmiwr, shall be taken for such Policy or Policies, upon any such Ship or Ships, or upon any Goods, Merchandizes or Effefls laden or to be laden thereon; and every other Contract, Wager, or Agreement in the Nature of a Wager, concerning the Event of the said Voyage of such foreign Ship or Ships; and all Bonds for any Sum or Sums of Money lent, or agreed to be lent or advanced, by way of Bottomree or Ref pond:: ia on the lame, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be void.

of Map one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, shall by themselves or Agents enter into or execute any such Contract, Bargain or Agreement, or lend any Money upon Bottomree or Rejpondcnti? Bonds a. afore

or Bond as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay treble the Sum insured or lent upon Bottomree or re/pouder.tia as aforesaid; which said Penalties shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, or in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at the four Courts in Dublin reipeflively; in which Action or Suit no lf foin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety of the said Penalties to be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of him, her or them who shall sue for the same.

III. Provided, That this Act shall not extend to the prohibiting Insurances on such Ships, Goods or interests as shall belong to the Subjects of such Sovereigns, who before the said seventh Day of October one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, have granted Charters, Licences or Authorities to trade within the said Limits, and whose Subjects were, at the said seventh Day of October, actual Traders within the said Limits, and by virtue of such Charters, Licences or Authorities.

1748. Rej>. by 31 Geo. 2. c. 27.

Not to extend to the Ships or Goods of the Subjects of such Sovereigns, who traded there before 7 October

This Act to be

IV. Provided also, That this Act shall continue in Force for seven Years, and to the End of the then m Force for 7 next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

Years.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for converting the several Annuities therein mentioned into several Joint Stocks of Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and also for consolidating the several other Annuities therein mentioned, into several joint Stocks of Annuities, transferable at the south sea House.

Geo. 2. c. 9.

'WHEREAS in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign (for raising one million two hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities and a Lottery,

and for other Purposes therein mentioned) several Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, did advance and lend the Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the additional Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, by the said Act granted and continued, for the Purchase of Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per 4 C ntwn, transferrable at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament: And whereas in pursuance ij gcs.2. c. 19.^ of another Act of Parliament made and passed in the fifteenth Year of his Majesty's reign (for granting to his Majesty the Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised by Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, and for other Purposes therein mentioned) several Persons, Bodies Politic or corporate, did advance and lend the said Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds upon the Credit of the Surplusses, excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly call 1 The Sinking Fund, by the said Act granted and appropriated in that Behalf for the Purchase of Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Ceuta,

transferrable at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament: And whereas in pursuance of Geo. 2. c. 13. 4 another Act of Parliament made and passed in the sixteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign (for raising 1 y

Annuities and a Lottery, in Manner therein mentioned, the Sum of one million eight hundred thousand 1 Pounds at three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three) several Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, did advance and lend the said Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds upon the Credit of the Rates and Duties on Low Wines,

Spirits and Strong Waters, granted to his Majesty by one other Act of the same Session of Parliament,

for the Purchase of Annuities after the Rate of "three Pounds per Centum, transferrable at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament: And whereas by one other Act of Parliament made and passed

17 Geo. 2. c. 18, ' in the seventeenth Year of his Majesty's Reign (for raising by Annuities and a Lottery, in the Manner

therein mentioned, the Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds at three: ounds per Centum per Annum, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four) several Persons,

Bodies Politic or Corporate, did advance and lend the said Sum of 011c million eight hundred thousand Pounds upon the Credit of the Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys to nrife into the Receipt of Ex 4 chequer, of or for the Rates and Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by the last recited Act of the

sixteema

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quin to Georgii II.

16.

C 27. 427

sixteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign (after satisfying the Annuity payable to the east india Company out of the said Duties) for the Purchase of Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, transferrable at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament: And whereas by one other Act of Parliament made and passed in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign (for granting to his Majesty fe is gzo.z C 9.

veral additional Duties upon all Wines imported, and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, in Manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said additional Duties) several Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, did advance and lend the Sum of two millions upon the Credit of the said additional Duties, for the Purchase of Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centura,

transferable at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament; and the said additional Duties were also charged with the Payment of certain Annuities for Lives at the said Receipt of Exchequer, in the apanner in the said Act directed: whereas in pursuance of one other Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign (for granting to his Majesty the Sum of one 13 Geo.

£ million, to be raised by Annuities at three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and charged on the Sinking Fund, transferable at the Bank of England) several Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, did advance and lend the said Sum of one million upon the Credit of the said Sinking Fund, for the Purchase of An unities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferable at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament: And whereas the said several principal Sums before mentioned, for which the said several and respective Annuities now carrying an Interest of three Pounds per Centum per Annum,

£ transferable at the Bank as aforesaid, are payable, do amount in the whole to the Sum of eight millions two hundred thousand Pounds; and it is thought necessary, that the said Principal Sum be (with the Consent of the Proprietors thereof, to be signified within the Time herein after mentioned) converted into one Joint Stock of Annuities; and that the Interest or Annuities shall be paid out of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, in apanner herein after mentioned; and that the several Duties and Revenues which were given and granted for Payment of the said Annuities,

£ and on which the same were charged, shall be carried into and made Part of the said Sinking Fund: '

Now we your Majesty's raoft dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being of Opinion that it will be of Advantage to the Public, and also a great Convenience to the Proprietors of the said Annuities, if the same were consolidated into one Joint Stock of Annuities as aforesaid; being desirous to provide for the punctual Payment of the said Annuities, and to prevent any Deficiencies or Delay of Payment thereupon, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con, of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament rifl embled, and by twa samt" the Authority of the same, That after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and amountin'1 to fifty-two, and before the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and hfry three, the several sumss.sco.ocol and aforementioned, amounting to eight millions two hundred thousand Pounds, carrying an Interest after the c.uryin; 3l. per Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, payable in pursuance of the before recited Acts of parliament in that Behalf, shall (with the Consent aforesaid) be converted into one Joint Stock of Annuities,; nt0eon°e'jjlnt transferable at the Bank of England, in the same apanner and Form as the said several and respective an stock ofannm nuities are now transferred, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, in apanner herein after mentioned; ties, trjn»reira anything in the said recited Acts to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. tlc at tl, e

ll. And be it enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who Sublmbers im shall subscribe or signify their Consent to the making their said Annuities Part of the said Joint Stock pows: (ed to of Annuities, as aforesaid, shall be immediately entitled to the Privilege of transferring such Annuities as Part of the said Joint Stock, from the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, as aforesaid

And be it enacted Annuities transferrable Day of June one thousand

as the said several and respective Annuities are now paid and payable", together with other Charges payable; out of the same: But in case the Moneys arising into the Receipt of ills Exchequer, snail not be fuf kutit'u><t', kedeficient to answer and pay the said several and respective Annuities and other Charges, at the time5(n^rj4mfuntjthe" appointed for Payment thereof, that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Com 5

missioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to caul'e so much Money to be iitued out of the said Sinking Fund, as shall be fnfticient to answer and pay the said several and rdpeflive Annuities as shall become due and payable, until the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, and all the said other Charges attending the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth thenceforth they Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, all the said several and lefpeclive principal S urns transferrable at the Bank of England as aforesaid, amounting in the avhole to the Sum of eight millions^mj'j, n'ing two hundred thousand Pounds, as also such Sum or Sums ot Money as shall or may be made payable to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Charges of Management, snail be, and are hereby charged and chargeable tipon the said Sinking Fund and shall be ill ucd and paid half yea, lion the fifth Day and to be mid of January, and the fifth Day of July, in every Year, out of the Surplus Funds, and other Duties and half yearlj; revenues"composing the said Sinking Fund, and shall be deemed and taken to be Charges and Encumbrances thereupon, until Redemption thereof by Parliament; subject nevertheless to such Charges and encumbrances as are already made thereupon by Parliament: And the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any fjy1 Money to be three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury of his Majesty, Ijlucd to cli8

his

428 C 27.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1752.

made Parc of '.he Smiting Fund,

9 Geo. 2. c. 34 LI Geo. 2. C a

may subscribe ir.to the Joint Stock.

S Geo. 2. c. 12.

chief clerk of his Heirs or successors for the J ime being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or the Bank, by obtained in that Behalf, shall and may, from Time to Time, issue the same at the respective half yearly ayo niprc, or q^er jays of Payment, whereon the same shall become due and payable at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the first or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Sncccllors for the Time being, by way of Impress and upon Account, for the Purposes abovementioned; that all and every such caf!iier or Cashiers, to whom the said Money shall from Time to Time be ifvucd, shall without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his Account thereof a'cording to the due Course of the Exchequer; anything herein before contained to the contrary uot witltfl Hiding.

tbcfundswhich V And be it further cnaiffed by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth were appropriated Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, all the said Rates, Duties, Impositions or revenues, granted and appropriated by the said several and respective Adds herein before recited, for Payment "of the said several and rel peefive Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made Part of the said Sinking Fund (after referring sufficient to pay the Annuities for Lives at the Exchequer, and other Charges and Encumbrances charged on the said Duties and Revenues) and the same shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the said Sinking Fund, and shall be issued and applied to such

Uses and Purposes, as all and every other the Surplus Funds, Duties and Revenues, composing the said

Sinking Fund, are or may be ifi ued and applied; anything in any former Ais or abos Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas by and in pursuance of two several Acts of Parliament, made and pasted in the ninth and eleventh Years of his Majesty's Reign, certain Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds p r 4 Centum per Annum, were created and made payable at the said Receipt of Exchequer, out of the Sinking Proprietors of the4 Fund, amounting to the principal Sum of nine hundred thousand Pounds, for which Tallies and Orders 31. percent. C were made out at the said Receipt; and as the Proprietors of the said Tallies and Orders may be desirous »rinted bvacts 4 to subscribe the same into the said Joint Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum

- fimi Geo. 2. C per Annum, Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Proprietors may, at any Time between the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, and the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, subscribe the same into the said Joint Stock of Annuities accordingly.

VIE And whereas by and in pursuance of one other Ais made and passed in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, certain Orders for Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, were made forth at the said Receipt of Exchequer, payable out of the General Fund, in lieu of Debentures made forth to the Sufferers of Nevis and baint Christophers, to the Amount of one hundred forty-one thousand ninety three Pounds fifteen Shillings and one Penny Farthing; whereof there now remains the Sum of thirty seven thousand eight hundred twenty-one Pounds five Sniffings and one Penny Farthing; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Proprietors of the said Orders mav, at any 'tin Proprietors Time between the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, and the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, subscribe the said Annuity Orders into the said Joint Stock of Annuities afeer the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, as C e<'..z7in lieu aforesaid. r Debentures to the Sufferers of Nevis and St. Christophers may subscribe.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall subscribe their said Orders into the Joint Stock of Annuities aforesaid, shall be immediately in titled' to the Privilege of transferring such Annuities, as Part of the said Joint Stock of Annuities, from the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further emuffed, That such of the said Orders that shall be so subscribed, which are now made payable halt yearly at Michaelmas and ladyday, shall be paid by the Quarter, to grow due from ladyday one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two to Midsummer following; anything in any former Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor and Company of the Bank england shall, and they are hereby required to cause such Books to be prepared as shall be neccllaiy for receiving the Subscription or Consent of such of the Proprietors of the several and respective Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum pr Annum, transferrable at their Office, and also of the Proprietors of the several Annuities, Tallies and Orders payable at the Exchequer out of the Sinking Fund, as a!so of the several Proprietors of the Annuities and Orders payable at the Exchequer out of the General' Fund, as shall subscribe the same into the Joint Stock of Annuities before mentioned; which Books shall be conffantly kept open at the Bank of England for that Purpose every Day, Sundays and Holidays only excepted, from the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two to the fid fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three inclusive, and no longer; subject nevtr thdefs to such lurther Directions, with respeiff to the taking in or receiving such Subscriptions or Consent from the Proprietors of the said Annuities, after the said Rate of three Pounds per Centum fer Annum, as shall or may be given by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the High ff reasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, for the Benefit and Advantage of the Publick; and it shall and may he lawful to and for the Proprietors of the said several and respeiffive Annuities, their respciffive Attorneys, Representktives or Assigns, or such Person or Persons as lie, file or they shall respectively authorise and impower by Writing in that Behalf, to subscribe for them; and all Persons empowered to receive any interest or Dividend that shall become due on the said Annuities shall, and they have hereby Power to make the Subscription1,

II. 1:

3 1. per Annuities Hod by The Subscribers in jy immediately transfer)

she Orders to be

p 'id Qn u teily to

Midsummer

H tnk to provide Hooks for the bubfciiptions,

be open from 24 Jane 1752 to 23 Jan. 1733, By 26 2.

C 1. f 6$..the is en/argej, rxtept the Treasury shall allow further Time. The Proprietors may subscribe.

4 2 9

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. c. 27.

tions, and give Confeni in the said respective Books accordingly, without any Fee or Charge, at any Time between the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two and the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three j and the several Officers of the said Go Officers to at vernor and Company who shall be appointed to take in the said Subscriptions, or receive fuel) Consents,: during the Time aforesaid constantly attend at the said Office lor that Purpose at such Flours as Business is usually transacted there.

XI. And whereas in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the nineteenth Year of his 19 Geo. 2. c. 13.

majesty's Reign, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Glass and Spirituous Liquors,

and for other Purposes therein mentioned, several Per soils, Bodies Politic or Corporate, did advance and'

lend upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties the principal Sum of three millions, for the Purchase'

of Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament; and the said Rates and Duties were also charged with the Payment of certain Annuities for Lives, payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, in the Manner by the said Act: directed; said Sum of three millions is now reduced to'

the principal Sum of two millions eight hundred twenty-four tli ufand four hundred twenty-eight Pounds thirteen Shillings and eleven Pence, attended with Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings '

per Centum, pursuant to certain Acts of Parliament in that Behalf: And whereas by another Act of Parliament made and passed in the twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for repealing the several Rates and20 Geo. 2. c. 35. ' Duties upon Houses, Windows and Lights, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Dut cs upon Houses, Windows or Lights, and for other purpols therein mentioned, federal Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, did advance and lend upon the Credit of the said Duties the principal Sum of four millions'

for the Purchase of Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England, upon which (for the Encouragement of Persons who should advance and lend the same) there was an Allowance of ten Pounds per Centum, lo that the Capital Sum amounted to the Sum of four millions four hundred thousand Pounds, redeemable by Parliament; which said Sum of four millions four hundred thousand Pounds is now reduced to the principal Sum of four millions one hundred eighty nine thousand three hundred sixty five Pounds and five Shillings, attended with Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum, pursuant to certain Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; and the said Rates and Duties were LI Ice wile appropriated for the Payment of the yearly Sum of ninety one thousand four hundred eighty-five Pounds and sixpence three Farthings to the Aggregate Fund: And whereas by one other Act of Parliament made and passed in the twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for granting several Rates and Duties upon Coaches and 20geo. 2. C 10.. 4 other Carriages, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, several Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate,

did advance and lend upon the Credit of the said rates and Duties the principal Sum of one million, for the Purchase of Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament; v*hi h 4 said Sum of one million is now reduced to the principal Sum of nine hundred twenty-nine thousand two hundred seventy six Pounds ten Shillings and sixpence, attended with Annuities after the Rate of three:

Pounds ten Shillings per Centum, pursuant to certain Aifts of Parliament in that Behalf: And whereas --

by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty first Year of his Majesty's Reign, for granting Geo.2. c. 22

to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes imported, and for other Pur

4- poses therein mentioned, several Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, did advance and lend upon the

Credit of the said Subsidy the principal Sum of six millions three hundred thousand Pounds, for the Purchase of Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England; and for the Encouragement of all Persons who

should advance and lend the same, there was an Advance of six hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, being

ten Pounds per Centum on the said Sum contributed, so that the whole Capital Sum amounted to the

Sum of six millions nine hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, redeemable by Parliament; which said

Sum of six millions nine hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, is now reduced to the principal Sum of

six millions six hundred sixty thousand and LIX Pounds eighteen Shillings and threepence, attended with

Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum, pursuant to certain Acts of Patlia

ment in that Behalf: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty second Year 22 Geo. 2.0.23,

of his Majesty's Reign, for charging the Sinking Fund with the Payment of Annuities in Discharge of

Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, to the Amount therein mentioned,

certain Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who were possessed of such Bills and Debentures, did subscribe the same at the Bank of England, to the Amount of three millions seventy two thousand four hundred' seventy two Pounds and ten Pence, for Annuities transferrable there, charged upon the said sinking fund, redeemable by Parliament; which said Sum of three millions seventy two thousand four hundred seventy two Pounds and ten Pence, is now reduced to the principal Sum of two millions nine hundred sixty eight thousand four hundred ninety six Pounds eight Shillings and eight Pence, attended with Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum, pursuant to certain Acts of Parliament in that Behalf: And whereas the principal Stuns before mentioned, now carrying an intereif of The aforesaci three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, transferrable at the Bank of England as aforesaid, S "ns amounting amount in the Whole to the Sum of seventeen millions five hundred seventy one thousand five hun i*6sf'^d.1'573 4 dred seventy three pounds sixteen Shillings and fourpence; whereof the Sum of fourteen millions eight hundred fifty seven thousand nine hundred fifty-five Pounds eighteen Shillings and four pice was.firh.9551. iss.yd.!' 4 subscribed, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament of the twenty-third Year of his. majesty's Reign, for as first <ul>4 an Annuity of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum, until the twenty. fifth Day of December one thou inp>'t sand seven hundred and fifty seven, which will be the fifth.day of January one thousand seven hundred'!, y 4 and fifty-eight; and from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred 6173 4 and fifty seven, for Annuities at three Pounds per Centum, and the Residue thereof, amounting to the 18s. the Ktfidusi Sum of two millions seven hundred thirteen thousand six hundred and seventeen Pounds eighteen shil iift fub; cribc<t, -,

lings,

43°

may be consolidated into one Joint Stock, transferrable at the Bank.

C 27. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1752.

lings, was last subscribed, in pursuance of another Act of the same Session of Parliament, for an Annuity of three Pounds ten Shillings per Gentian, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, which will be the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, for an nuities of three Pounds per Centum: And whereas it is likewise thought necessary that the several prin cipal Sums transferrable at the Bank of England as aforesaid, amounting to the Sum of fourteen millions eight hundred fifty seven thousand nine hundred fifty-five Pounds eighteen Shillings and fourpence, shall, with the Consent of the Proprietors thereof, (to be signified within the Time" herein after mentionedj be converted into one Joint Stock of Annuities, the Interest or Annuity to be charged and s chargeable upon the Sinking Fund; and that the said several principal Sums as aforesaid, amounting to t the Sum of two millions seven hundred thirteen thousand six hundred seventeen Pounds eighteen shillings, be, with the Consent of the Proprietors thereof, (to be sign fied as aforesaid) converted into one other Joint Stock of Annuities, the Interest or Annuity to be charged and chargeable upon the said Sinking Fund; and that from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, the said intended Joint Stock of fourteen millions eight hundred fifty seven thousand nine hundred fifty-five Pounds eighteen Shillings and fourpence, together with the said intended Joint Stock of two millions seven hundred thirteen thousand six hundred seventeen Pounds eighteen Shillings, or so much thereof as shall be then unsatisfied, shall be one Joint Stock of Annuities, and that the several Duties and Revenues which were given and granted for Payment of the said Annuities, and on which the same were charged, shall be carried into and made Part of the said Sinking Fund Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the tenth Day of oslober one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, and before the filth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, the said several Annuities, amounting to fourteen millions eight hundred fifty seven thousand nine hundred fifty-five Pounds eighteen Shillings and fourpence, may be consolidated and made one Joint Stock of Annuities, transferrab'c at the Bank of England; and that the said several Annuities, amounting to two millions seven hundred thirteen thousand six hundred seventeen Pounds eighteen shillings, may after the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, and before the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, be consolidated and made one other Joint Stock of Annuities, transferrable at the b nk of England, in the same Manner as the said several and respective Annuities are now transferrable until Redemption thereof by Parliament in Manner herein after mentioned; anything in the fa; d Acts to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall subscribe or signify their Consent to the making their laid Annuities Part of either of the said Joint Stocks of Annuities as aforesaid, flin.ll be immediately entitled to the Privilege of transferring such Annuities as Part of the said Joint Stock, from the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the said several and respective Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England as aforesaid, shall be paid unto the said tenth Day of Oricher one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, out of the same Rates, Duties and Impositions, as the said

0 0£toi>er several and respective Annuities are now paid and payable, together with other Charges payable out of the /75z i same; that is to say, such of the said Annuities as are made payable half yearly at lady dap and Michaelmas,

shall be paid for the half year to grow due on the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two; and such of the said Annuities as are made payable half yearly at christmas and ml.l j'ummer, shall be paid for the Quarter to grow due from Mielfumm r one thousand fever, hundred and fifty two, to the said tenth Day of October following; any i hing in any former Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: But in case the said Moneys nrifing in the said Receipt of the Exebeqver find not be sufficient to answer anu pay the said several and respective Annuities, and other Charges, at the Days appointed for Payment thereof respectively, that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to a: ij for the of of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the Treasury for the Time b to be issued out of the said Sinking Fund as shall be sufficient to answer and

tive Annuities as shall become due and payable until the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, and all other Charges attending the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, all the said several and respective Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of Englan \ amounting in the Whole to the Sum of seventeen millions five hundred seventy one thousand five hundred seventy three Pounds sixteen Shillings and fourpence, as also such Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be made payable to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Charges of Management of the said Annuities, shall he and they are hereby charged and chargeable upon the said Sinking Fund, and shall be issued and paid half yearly, on the fifth Day of April and the tenth Day of October in every Year, out of the Surplus Funds, " and other Duties and Revenues composing' the said Sinking Fund, and shall be deemed and taken to be Charges and Encumbrances thereupon, until Redemption thereof by Parliament; f.ibjeft nevertheless to such Charges and Encumbrances ns are already made thereupon by Parliament: And the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf, shall and may, from Time to Time, issue the same at the respective half yearly or other Dap of Payment, whereon the same shall become due or payable, at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the Fifth or

Chief

Subscribers may

immediately transfer the Annuities

which are to be paid out of 1 he Funds appio piiated thereto

and tf they are deficient, then out of the Sink ifig Fund;

alter which they are charge J on the Sinking Fund,

and to be paid half yearly j

to cause so much Money pay the said several and respec

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. c. 27. 43 j

Chief Cashier or cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Succcdors forand kibncy to i n the Time being, by way of Impressed, and upon Account, for the Purposes aforementioned; that allah wdto the and every such Cashier or Cashiers to whom the said Moneys shall be ii3ucd, shall from Time totiine, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his Account them f, according to the due (7,

Course of the Exchequer; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, J hat all and every the Clauses and Pro VI foes Provisoes relating relating to the Annuities aforementioned, which were made payable or transferrable at the Bank or ling to; tl: e

lund, shall remain in full Force with respect to the Annuities continued or established by this Add, in rcd', n

Matters and "Things whatsoever, where the same shall not have been altered by this Act, or other Provisions made in respeef thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth Day of the Fun's ar

one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, all the said Rates, Duties, Impositions or revenuesl^f'v6 '^7" granted and appropriated by the said several and respective acts herein before recited for Payment of thgca", " "j laid several and respective Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England as aforesaid, shall be carried and made Part of the said Sinking Fund (after reserving sufficient to pay the Annuities for Lives at the Exchequer, and other Charges and Encumbrances charged on the said Duties and Revenues; and the lame shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the said Sinking Fund, and shall be blued and applied to sich Uses and Purposes as all and every other the Duties and Revenues conipcfing the said Sinking Fund, are or may be issued and applied; anything in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the sixth Year of his late majesty s the pionrictac a*Reign, certain Annuities were created at the Exchequer payable out of the Duties on wrought Plate, t, p, csh,

1 the Amount of three hundred and twelve thousand Pounds, whereof there is now remaining, the Sum fout of thtdj'l ' one hundred and twenty-nine thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds Be it further enacted by thee; es on imate, Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Proprietors of Tallies and Orders for the said Annuities, which allowed to lub were subscribed pursuant to the two Adds of Parliament before recited, shall, from and after the said tenth ^r'150 tlle lame Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, until the said fifth Day of April one thousand'6 c'20, I su seven hundred and fifty-three, have Liberty to subscribe their said Tallies and Orders at the Bank of England, into the several Joint Stocks of Annuities; that Is 'to say, such of the said Annuities as were field subscribed pursuant to the said Add of the twenty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, shall be added to the said Joint Stock of fourteen millions eight hundred fifty seven thousand nine hundred fifty-five Pounds eighteen Shillings and fourpence; and Inch of the said Annuities as were subscribed pursuant to another Add of the same Session of Parliament, shall be added to the said Joint Stock of two millions seven hundred thirteen thousand six hundred seventeen Pounds eighteen Shillings; and the said Joint Stocks of Annuities, respectively, shall have an additional Annuity for i'uch Sum or Sums of the surd Plate Annuities as shall be so subscribed into the said Joint Stocks respectively, from the said tenth Day of osiober one thousand fevert hundred and fifty-two, payable out of the said Surplus Funds, and any of "the Duties and Revenues composing the said Sinking Fund.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, whoj, w, '.tntran* shall subscribe their said Orders into either of the Joint Stocks of Annuities aforesaid, shall be immediately unmc ila£chi entitled to the Privilege of transferring such Annuities as Part of such Joint Stock of Annuities, from the said tenth Day of oslolcr one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty on wrought Plate, The Duties to be provided all the said Annuities charged thereupon shall be so subscribed, or the Surplus thereof, in case all" 17'?* '"to '!>a the said Annuities shall not be subscribed, shall be transferred unto and made Part of the said Sinking 1IJ ie un' Fund; anything in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day offhe sud anr.ui. April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, the said Joint Stock of the firfd subscribed Bank annui tt bs onc ties, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, as also such of the said platetra nsfcirabl ae Annuities' as shall be subscribed thereunto, with so much of the said second subscribed Bank Annuities, after ihe Bank.

the said Rate ot three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum; as also such of the said Plate Annuities as shall be subscribed thereunto as aforesaid, and shall then remain unsatisfied and not paid off, shall be made one Joint Stock of Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, in manner herein after mentioned; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor and Company of thc3ank toprovije Bank of England shall, and they are hereby required to cause such Books to be prepared' as shall be necessary for Su' for receiving the Subscription or Consent of such of the Proprietors of the several and respective Annuities, li>tlonsi after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, transferrable at their Office; and also of the Proprietors of the several Annuities, Tallies and Orders payable at the Exchequer, out of the Duties on wrought Plate, as shall subscribe the same into the several Joint Stocks of Annuities before mentioned; which Books Avail be constantly kept open at the said Bank of England for that Purpose, every Day, Sundays be open from and Holidays only excepted, from the said tenth Day of oslober one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, o0a°b.er75^ to the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three inclusive, and no longer; subject "es Af' "ll7-53.» nevertheless to such further Directions, with respect to the taking in or receiving such subscri ptions or'

Consents from the Proprietors of the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, as Dial! or may be given by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more.

432 C 27.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1752.

to take in sub feriptiens, Executors, See. may subscribe.

of them now being, or by the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the treasury for the Time being, for the benefit and Advantage of the Public; and it shall and may L e lawful to and for the Proprietors of the said several and respective Annuities, their respective Attorneys, Representa

ir' V Lwcrib"0 5 t'vcs or Assigns, or such Person or Persons as he, she or they sit all respectively authorise and empower, by Ul, ' n'Writing, in that Behalf, to subscribe for them; and all Persons impowered to receive any Interest or Divi, L Annul, dend that shall! become due on the said Annuities, shall, and they have hereby Power to make their Subbed so b/subseri fcr'pt, ons anc give their Gonfents in the said respective Boolcs accordingly, without any Fee or Charge, t bed intinhejointany lime between the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two and the said Stock, amount, fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, in Maimer following; that is to say, Ttiat w such of the said Annuities as were first subscribed in pursuance of the before recited Act of the twenty-third

j t, 857, 9551. Year of his Majesty's Reign, shall be subscribed into the Joint Stock of Annuities, amounting to the prin they a ft subseri c'pai Sum fourteen millions eight hundred fifty seven thousand nine hundred fifty-five Pounds eighteen bed, into the Joint Shillings and fourpence; and such of the said Annuities as were last subscribed in pursuance of one other, Stock, amount Act of the same Session of Parliament, shall be subscribed into the Joint Stock of Annuities, amounting ta ing to the Sum of []ie principal Sum of two millions seven hundred thirteen thousand six hundred seventesn Pounds eighteen Oilims toat«es ishillings; and the several Officers of the said Governor and Company who shall be appointed to take in the said Subscriptions, or receive such Consents as aforesaid, shall, during the Time aforesaid, conllamly attend at the said Office for that Purpose, at such Hours as Business is usually transacted there.

XXII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for all Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Trustees, Committees of the Estates of Idiots or Lunatics, and the Accomptant General of the Court of Chancery, and the Deputy Remembrancer of his Majesty's Cou: t of Exchequer, and the Attorneys, Representatives or Assignees of such Executors, Administrators, Guardians Trustees and Committees, to make or cause to be made Subscriptions in the Book or Books herein before mentioned, signifying their Content to subscribe the several and respective Annuities herein before mentioned, carrying an Interest after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, anj three Pounds per Centum per Annum into the several and respective Joint Stocks of Annuities aforesaid, for and on the Behalf of their respective Teflators, Infants, Minors, Femes Covert, Idiots or Lunatics, and the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, and of the said Court of Exchequer, and others, for whom they are or shall be respectively intruded and such Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, and the Attorneys, Representatives or Assignees of such Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Trustees and Committees, and the Accomptant General and Deputy Remembrancer, are and shall be, by virtue of this Act:, indetr nifie 1 in ami for the doing the same.

The Tallies and

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Tallies and Orders which shall be subscribed Uvered !" Annuities, translerrable at the Bank of England, in pursuance of this Act, shall] be delivered up by the

rtccomnrant Ge respective Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or by his, her or their respective Attorneys or Representatives, jieral of the to the Accomptant General of the Bank of England, or to such Person or Persons who shall be employed by

Bank, (lie Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to take such Subscriptions, who is hereby empowered to give Credit to the said Proprietor, for so much Interest or Share in the Joint Stocks of Annuities respectively, to which the same shall be subscribed, pursuant to the Directions in this Act before mentioned and

and to be trans expressed, as the said principal Sums in the said Tallies and Orders shall amount unto; and the Tallies and

Ewii'c uer to be Orders so subscribed, shall be transniitted by the said Accomptant General, or other Person or Persons im c.tqost o e powered to take such Subscripti ns as aforesaid, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, to be there cancelled and made void.

XXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon one year's Notice to be printed in the London gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, and upon Repayment by Parliament, according to such Notice, of the said several and respective Sums, or any Part thereof, for which the said several and respective Annuities or any of them shall be payable, by Payments

not less than five hundred thousand Pounds at one Time, in such Manner as shall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the same Annuities'; then, and not till then, so much of the said several and respective Annuities as shall be attending on the said principal Sums so paid off, shall cease, determine and be understood to be redeemed; and that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, signified by the Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in the said London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, That no Part of any of the Annuities which were subscribed in pursuance of the said two Acts of the twenty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, shall be liable to be redeemed before the Times therein respectively limited; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day

cancelled,

cuufe of Redemption.

Annuities ftib scribej not redeemable before the Times limited.

The first and last ftibfaibai Old South Sea Annuities, to be consolidated 5 and the New south.sea Am nuitics.

of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, the Joint Stock of the first subscribed Old south-sea Annuities, with.as much of the Joint Stock of the second subscribed Old south-sea Annuities as shall be then unsatisfied, shall be made one Joint Stock of Old south-sea Annuities.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of January one thousand fc.ven hundred and fifty-eight, the Joint sto k of the first subscribed Nrtv Scutb sen Annuities, with so much of the Joint Stock of the second subscribed Efetv south-sea Annuities as shall be then unsatisfied, shall be made into one new Joint Stock of South s a Annuities.

e a p.

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quin co Georgii II. c. 28, 29. 433

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for repairing the Port Road from the City of Edinburgh through the Counties of Linlithgow and Sterling, from the Boathouse Ford on Almond Water, and from thence to the Town of Linlithgow, and from the said Town to Falkirk, and from thence to Sterling; and also (tom Falkirk to Kilfyth, and to Inch Bellte Bridge, on the Poll Road to the City of Glasgow.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years. J

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for giving a proper Reward to Coroners for the due Execution of their Office; and for the Amoval of Coroners upon a lawful Conviction for certain Misdemeanours.

Whereas the Office of Coroner is a very ancient and necessary Office: And whereas by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, reciting that Coroners had 3 H. 7. C 1.

not, nor ought to have, anything by the Law for their Office doing; which oft time had been the Occasion that Coroners had been remits in doing their Office: It was ordained, That a Coroner should Refer to Ed. r.

have for his See, upon every Inquisition taken upon the View of the Body slain, thirteen Shillings andf fedi.

fourpence, of the Goods and Chattels of him that is the Slayer and Murderer, if he have any Goods; fg2, g 3'

and if he have no Goods, of such Amerciaments as should fortune any Township to be amerced, for the f 7', g f.

Escape of the Murderer: And whereas the said See of thirteen Shillings and fourpence, due only upon sfaf. C 13. §.5.

an Inquisition taken upon the View of a Body slain or murdered, and payable only out of the Goods and Chattels of the Slayer or Murderer, or out of the Amerciaments imposed upon the Township, if the Murderer escape, is not an adequate Reward for the general Execution of the said Office To the Intent therefore that Coroners may be encouraged to execute their Office with Diligence and Integrity; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Coroner to be That for every Inquisition, not taken upon the View of a Body dying in a Gaol or prison, which from and paid zos. for after the twenty-fourth Day ovjune one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, shall be duly taken within e[fryiouir tion that Part of Great Britain called England, by any Coroner or Coroners, in any Township or Place, contri Tor con butory to the Rates directed by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti tributing to the tuled. An Act for the more easy assessing, collesling and levying of County Rates, the Sum of twenty Shillings; County Rates, and for every Mile which he or they shall be compelled to travel, from the usual Place of his or their Abode, stepped on bodies to take such Inquisition, the further Sum of nine Pence, over and above the said Sum of twenty Shillings, 5 ") shall be paid to him or them out of any Moneys arising from the Rates before mentioned, by Order of the every Mile he Justices of the Peace in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled, for the County, Riding, Division or shall be obliged Liberty where such Inquisition shall have been taken, or the major Part of them; which Order the said to trave»be Justices of the Peace so assembled, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorised and directed to make; paldout°f for which Order no See or Reward shall be paid to the Clerk of the Peace or any other Officer. ounty 'ates'

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every Inquisition, which from and and ft>reverv rn after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, shall be duty taken

upon the View of a Body dying in any Gaol or Prison, within that Part of Great Britain called England, oaol/at the fuf by any Coroner or Coroners of a County, so much Money not exceeding the Sum of twenty Shillings, shall tices shall think be paid to him or them, as the Justices of the Peace in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled for the sir;

County, Riding or Division wherein such Gaol or Prison is situate, or the major Part of them, shall think fit to allow, as arecompence for his or their Labour, Pains and Charges in taking such Inquisition, to be paid in like Manner by Order of the said Justices, or the major Part of them, out of any Moneys arising from the said rates; Order the said Justices of the Peace so assembled, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorised and directed to make; for which Order no See or Reward shall be paid to the Clerk of the Peace or any other Officer.

III. Provided nevertheless, That over and above the Recompense hereby limited and appointed for inqui aiel fr inquifi fitions taken as aforesaid, the Coroner or Coroners who shall take an Inquisition upon the View of a Body jjt on a fc^slain or murdered, shall also have the See of thirteen Shillings and fourpence, payable by virtue of the said0^"'and above." Act made in the third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, out of the Goods and Chattels of the

Slayer or Murderer, or out of the Amerciaments imposed upon the Township, if the Slayer and Murderer escape; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, and be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Coroner to whom Coroner tiking

any Benefit is given by this Act, shall, by Colour of his Office, or upon any Pretext whatsoever, take for of his Office doing, in case of the Death of any Person, any Fee or Reward, other than the said See of thirteen Shillings and fourpence, limited as is aforesaid by the said Act made in the third Year of the Reign of

King Henry the Seventh, and other than the Recompense hereby limited and appointed, upon Pain of being deemed guilty of Extortion.

V. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Coroner of the Coroners for par King's Household, and of the Verge of the King's Palaces, nor any Coroner of the Admiralty, nor any

Coroner of the County Palatine of Durham, nor any Coroner of the City of London and Borough of Southwark, or of any Franchises belonging to the said City; nor any Coroner of any City, Borough, Town,

Liberty or franchise, which is not contributory to the Hates directed by the said Act, made in the twelfth

434 C 30. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1752.

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or within which such Rates have not been usually afieffed, hall be entitled to any Fee, Recompense or Benefit given to or provided for Coroners by this Act; but that it shall and may be lawful for all such Coroners as are last mentioned, to have and receive all such Fees, Salaries, Wages and Allowances as they were entitled to by Law before the making of this Act, or as shall be given or allowed to them by the Person or Persons by whom they have been or shall be appointed.

Coroner convict

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Coroner who is not appointed ed ot Mitde by virtue of an annual Election or Nomination, or w'nose Office of Coroner is not annexed to any other office^t" be Office, hall from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand fever, hundred and fifty-two, amoved. be lawfully convicted of Extortion, or wilful Neglect of his Duty, or Misdemeanour in his Office, it hall he lawful for the Court before whom he shall be so convicted, to adjudge that he shall be amoved from his Office; and thereupon, if such Coroner shall have been elected by the Freeholders of any County, a Writ hall issue for the amoving him from his Office, and electing another Coroner in his head, in such manner as Writs for the Amoval or Discharge of Coroners, and for electing Coroners in their Read, are in any Cases already directed by Law: And if the Coroner so convicted shall have been appointed by the Lord or Lords of any Liberty or Franchise, or in any other Mariner than by the Election of the Freeholders of any County, the Lord or Lords of such Liberty or Franchise, or the Person or Persons entitled to the Nomination or Appointment of any such Coroner, shall, upon Notice of such Judgement of Amoval, nominate and appoint another Person to be Coroner in his Head.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to amend an Act: made in the last Session of Parliament, (entitled. An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Tear, and for correcting the Calender now in Use.)

atgeo. a. C 23.4 vt rffereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Tear, and for correcting the Calendar now in jjfe) it is among other Things enacted, That the Natural Day next immediately fol lowing the second Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, shall be reckoned and accounted to be the fourteenth Day of Septmber, omitting for that

Time only, the eleven intermediate nominal Days of the common Calendar, and that the Days i: nme

diately Proceeding shall be called, reckoned and numbered forwards in numerical Order, from the said Day of September, and that all Meetings and Assemblies of any Bodies Politic or Corporate, ' either for the Election of any Officers or A'lembers thereof, or for any such Officers entering upon the Execution of their respective Offices, or for any other Purpose which by Law, Charter, Custom orufage,

are to be held on any fixed or certain Day of any Month, shall from and after the said second Day of September, be held and kept upon or according to the same respective nominal Days and Times whereon the same are then to be held; but which should be computed according to the New Method of num bering and reckoning the Days of the Calendar as therein mentioned, as by the said Act may more fully appear: And whereas by the Charters, Customs or Usage of some Cities, Boroughs, Towns or other

5 Communities, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, the Election of Officers, or the Entrance of Officers on the Execution of their Offices, or the doing of some other corporate Acts, may be fixed or required to be on some certain nominal Day or Days of the said Month of September, falling between the second and fourteenth Days of the same Month, which said nominal Days are by the said Act required to be dropped or omitted for this present Year, so that there will not in Fast be any nominal Days between the said second and fourteenth Days of the said Month of September for this present Year, whereon such corporate Acts can be dene; and Doubts have arisen whether such corporate Acts may be done at all without a special Provision for that Purpose, by Authority of Parliament; and Inconveniences may possibly ensue for want thereof be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled.

The Election of and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all such Bodies Politic and Officers, C to Corporate as aforesaid, and all and every the Officers and Members thereof, and they and every of them ftme^aturai tl>eare ^el'e'°y required to do all such Acts, as by any Law, Charter or Usage are appointed or required to be D a vs "IL" y ea n e on any of the nominal Days of or in the said Month of September, which by the said recited Act are only, as before, directed to be dropped or omitted for this present Year, upon the same natural Day or Days of this Year only, as such Acts would, might or ought to be done, in case the said recited Act had not been made; and that all Acts so done in pursuance hereof shall be deemed and are hereby declared and enacted to be as good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were done on any of the nominal Days so dropped or omitted as aforesaid; any Law, Statute, Charter, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas in diverse Parts of this Kingdom, by Custom, Prescription or Usage or by virtue of some Law or Contrast, certain Lands and Grounds are to be opened and used for Common of Failure or other Purposes, and the same Lands and Grounds are again enclosed and flnit up, and certain Rents or other Payments are due and payable, and same other Matters and Things may be to be done upon some of the movable Feasts, or upon certain Days or Times depending upon or to be computed from the same: And whereas the said movable Feasts are hereafter to take place, and to be observed according to the new Calendar by the said Act directed to be used, whereby some Doubts have already arisen, or may hereafter arise, about the Time for opening and uiing, inclosing and hutting up such Lands and Grounds,

h. 4 tyre

435

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. c. 31, 32.

the paying of such Rents or other Payments, and the doing such other Matters orthings as aforesaid For Remedy thereof be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said feeond Day The Times for of September in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, the respective Times °peninsan<j r for opening, using, enclosing and hutting up all such Lands and Grounds as aforesaid, for the paying such Rents or other Payments, and for the doing of such other Matters or T hings as aforesaid, if such j j payniam Of Times are depending on any movable Feast or Feasts, shall be computed and take place according to the Rents, C if said new Calendar, and the Tables and Rules in the said recited Act diiefted to be used, and not according the same depend to the Method of Supputation heretofore used, or to the Tables heretofore commonly affixed to the Book pni^, ya1j, to h of Common Prayer; and the temporary and distinct Property and Right of all Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, of, to and in all such Lands and Grounds, flail commence and be enjoyed, and all such Rents new Calendar, and Payments flail become and be due and payable, and all such Matters and Things shall be transacted and done accordingly; any Law, Custom, Prescription orufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That The Title to nothing in this Act contained flail extend, or be construed to extend to the abridging, enlarging, confirm such Lands not ing or altering, the Title of any Person, Body Politic or Corporate whatsoever, of, in or to any such alterod lands or Grounds, but the same flail remain and continue the same in all Respects, (except as to the new Computation of Time when such respective Right or the Enjoyment thereof flail commence, or be put in Use.)

IV. And whereas within the City of London the usual and accustomed Time of the annual Meeting and Assembly of the Citizens of the said City, for the Admission and Swearing of the Mayor of the same City in the Guildhall there, hath been on the Feast Day of Saint Simon and Jude, being the twenty-eighth Day of October in every Year and the usual and accustomed Solemnity of presenting and swearing the Mayor of the same City in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, hath been on the Day next following the said Feast of Saint Simon and Jude, to wit, on the twenty-ninth Day of October in every' Year:

And whereas by the said in Part recited Act it was enacted, That all Meetings and Assemblies of any Bodies Politic or Corporate, either for the election of any Officers or Members thereof, or for any such Officers entering upon the Execution of their respective Offices, or for any other Purpose whatsoever,

which by any Law, Statute, Charter, Custom or Usage within this Kingdom, were to be held and kept on any fixed or certain Day of any Month, should, from and after the feeond Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two now next ensuing, be held and kept upon or according to the same respective nominal Days and Times whereon or according to which the same were, at the Time of making the said Act to be held: And whereas by another Act of Parliament made in the same twenty 24 Ge C p 4 fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Abbreviation of Michaelmas Term, it was enacted, That the said Solemnity of presenting and swearing the Mayors of the said City of London, before the King or Queen of England, in their Court of Exchequer at Westminster, or before the Barcns of the said Court, after every annual Election into the said Office, in the Manner and Form heretofore used, on the twenty-ninth Day of October, should, from and after the Feast of Saint Michael in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, he kept and observe.l on the ninth Day of November in every Year; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said theanmj, j^annual Admission and Swearing of the Mayor of the said City of London, at the Guildhall there, flail notmission and' at any Time hereafter be had and performed on the said twenty-eighth Day of October; the same, and Swearing of the all annual Meetings and Assemblies for that Purpose, flail at all Times hereafter be had, done and held Mayor of lon in the usual and accustomed Manner on the eighth Day of November in every Year, being the Day next" 0" to beon preceding the said ninth Day of November, whereon the said Solemnity of presenting and swearing the ov*

Mayor of the said City in the Court of Exchequer is appointed for the future to be kept and observed as aforesaid, and not before; anything in the said first recited Act of Parliament, or any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to continue, explain and amend several Laws more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the 2. f. 5.

Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom. Farrfar «/»-</

and amended by 26 Geo. 2. c. 34. 27 Geo. 2. c. 14. 3c Geo. 2. c. 20.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to allow the Importation of Gum Senega into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe, upon the Payment of a Duty; and for Relief of James Guthrie, with Respect to the Duties paid and secured upon a Quantity of Tobacco burnt at the Port of Kircudbright; and for giv; ng further Time for Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices.

WHEREAS the Printing of Silks, Linens and Calicoes, is greatly improved in this Kingdom; Concern? Drugs and the Value of the said Manufactures is thereby considerably inhanced, and the Exportation rfr "8 &9 T" ' thereof increased: whereas the Printing of the said Manufactures cannot be carried to Perfection 3'r'"4;

without a sufficient Quantity of Gum Senega; the Importation of which hath of late greatly decreased,

and the Price thereof advanced to an excessive Rate, whereby it is become necessary that some Provision ic. 4-. sg, 7 4 should be made for the more effectual and constant Supply of that useful and valuable Commodity, in r 15. §. 10. iy

order ct 3t

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1752.

iz c.r

C order to encourage, support and extend the said Trade: And whereas Gum Senega cannot other wise be imported, into this Kingdom than according to the Rules prescribed by an Act made in the twelfth V ear — C it, 1 of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouraging and increasing of Shipping

Therefore we, your majesty's most faithful Commons, in order to support and Navigation,

fdr

nd extend

the said Trade, by allowing the Importation of Gum Senega from any Place in Europe, so as not to discourage the Importation of the said Commodity from the Places of its Growth or Produce, do most humbly beseech your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prei ent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Cum Senega al tenth Day o April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, it shall and maybe lawful to and for any of lowed to be im majesty's subjects to import into this Kingdom Gum Senega, in British built Ships, navigated according to Euronylaw, ^rorn any pt: or Place in Europe, upon Payment of the Duty, and under the Restrictions and limitations herein after mentioned; anything in the said Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of

King Charles the Second, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

upon Payment of

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid to his Majesty, his 10 s. perhun Heirs and Successors, for every hundred Pounds Weight of Gum southeast ega, which at any Time or Times dred Weight. after the said tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two shall be imported or brought into this Kingdom, from any Port or Place in Europe, by the Importer of such Gum Senega, before the Landing thereof, a Duty of ten Shillings; and foin Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

To Ve under the

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty hereby granted and t'bc made payable, shall be raised, levied and collected, by the respective Officers of his Majesty's Customs in

fiontra of the this Kingdom, under the Management and Direction of the respective Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being; and that all and every the Ciaules, Powers, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters

ported from i'.irt of "

Culioms.

Ji Car. 2. C

Mailing

Entry,

false

and Things whatsoever, contained in an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandise exported and imported, or in any other Laws or Statutes whatsoever now in force for raising, levying, collecting, answering and paying the Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage thereby granted, shall be applied, practised and put in Execution, for raising, levying, securing, collecting, answering and paying the Duty by this Act granted and made payable, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all and every the said clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures were particularly repeated, and again enacted, in the Body of this present ACT

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall enter, or cause to be entered, any Gum Senega as imported immediately from the Place of its Growth or Produce, or from any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, in order to avoid the Payment of the Duty by this act granted and made payable, which Gum Senega shall afterwards appear to have been imported from some Port or Place in Europe, the Person or Persons making, or causing to be made, such Entry or Entries, shall forfeit all such Gum Senega so entered, and also double the Value thereof; to be

tltvunl ?oul>lefued for and recovered by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Records at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and one Moiety of the said Forfeiture, when recovered, shall go and he applied to the use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall sue or prosecute for the same.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That upon all Disputes which shall arise touching the Port or Place from whence any Gum Senega shall hat e been imported, the Onus Prolandi shall lie on the Importer, and not on the Informer or Prosecutor; any Law, Custoni or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Money arising by the Duty hereby' granted and made payable (the necessary Charges of raising the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenues, subject and liable to the uses, Applications and Purposes, as shall by any future Act or Acts of Parliament be directed or appointed.

cor.cermn? Drugtt see farther 31 Geo. 2. c. 12 & 35.

to forfeit the

the Value

one Moiety to the King, and the other to the i'rofecutor; Onus Probandi to lie on the Importeis.

Duties to be kept apart, to be applied by Parliament,

VII. And whereas the Ship Neptune of Dumfries, James Sturgeon Master, being loaded with Tobacco,

C and hound to the Port of Diepe in France, was on the" sixteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty overset within the Limits of the Port of Kircudbright, whereby'a Quantity of Tobacco, amounting to two hundred and twenty-three thousand four hundred and eight Pounds, was totally damaged and rendered useless, the Duties whereof had been paid and secured at the said Port of Kircudbright, by James Guthrie and Company, Merchants in Dumfries, and others, at Importation, according to Law: And whereas the Whole of the said damaged Tobacco was burnt in the Sight, and by the Direction of the Officers of his Majesty's Customs at the said Port of Kircudbright, and no Part thereof sold or consumed in Great

Collectors of Britain Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector or other proper Officer or

make^defcn Officers at the said Port of Kircudbright shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to make out

turo for 023, and grant a proper Debenture or Debentures for the said two hundred and twenty-three thousand four hun

4801b. of To dred and eight rounds of Tobacco, whereby the said James Guthrie and Company may be entitled to draw

bacco belonging back such l'art of the Duties of the said Tobacco as had been paid at the Importation thereof, and where to James Gu J, y

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. c. 33 — 35. 437

by the Bonds or Securities granted for the Remainder of the said Duties may be discharged and vacated, thne, for which together with any Interest become due thereon since the said sixteenth Day of June one thousand seven h: '11 hundred and fifty, in the same Manner as if the said Tobaccoes had been then exported to Parts beyond p3111' C

Sea; and the said Bonds and Securities so given, with the said Interest, shall from henceforth be discharged and vacated, and the same are hereby declared to be discharged and vacated accordingly; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

"Time given to make Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contrails of Clerks "and Apprentices, and for tendering the same to be damped, CC

CAP. XXXIII

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford, Thropple,

Long Witt on, and by the North Side of Rothley Park Wall to Sting Cross, and to the High Gross in Elf don in the County of Northumberland.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Bermingham, and Hamlet or Deritend thereto adjoining, in the County of Warwick.

PR.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for continuing the Act for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; and also for continuing, under certain Regulations, so much of an Act as relates to the Pramiums upon the Importation of Mads, Yards and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch and Turpentine.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial,

and are near expiring * may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the?Geo. 2. c. 24.. same. That an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (entitled An Act for en encouraging couragivg the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America) which was to continue in Force from cofc'°coptinu the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End ed°to of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act made in the eleventh Year of his present 1752, Majesty's Reign, was further continued from the Expiration thereof for the further Term of seven Years, Farther Mimed and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act made in the nine teenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued from the Expiration of the said last mentioned Term for the further Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the feconuz Geo. 2. c. 35^ Year of his present Majesty (entitled. An Act for the better Preservation of his Mujefy's Woods in America;

and for the Encouragement of the Importation of Naval Stores from thence, and to encourage the Importation of Majls, Yards and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland) as relates to the Presmiums % 0 muc[, of z upon Masts, Yards and Bowsprits; Tar, Pitch and Turpentine; which was to continue in Force from Geo. 2. c. 35. as. the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, for the Term of thirteen relates to the Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the prall, ms cn thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the twenty-fifth Day of December ofm^'y one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and Bowsprits, and which, by another Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, was further continued, Tar, Pitch and from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and Turpentine, fur. fifty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is !ggxtarchd hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand iff.' seven hundred and fifty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. Farther Mimed'

by 32. Geo. 2. c. 23.

III. Provided, That no Bounty shall be paid on any Tar, unless each Barrel shall contain thirty-one Regulation to bar;

Gallons and one half; and that the Officers who survey such Barrel, shall not survey the same till theoblish.vcdi, on" Water shall be all drawn off, and every Barrel filled up with Tar. CB "'"S rii*

438 C. 36. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1752.

For fortnor pro in (ions r.fcr to 39 El, C 17. 7 Joe.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of public Entertainment, and punishing Persons keeping di(orderly Houses.

C 4.

1 C'_

II. 12 w7. 3. e 18. 1 Ann. stat. 2. C 13. 5 Ann. 32. 6 Geo. I. r. 19. 14 gvr. 2, C 33. 17 2.

The Person advertising a Reward for the Return of Things stolen or lost, C

and the Printer to forfeit 50 1.

Unlicensed Places of Entertainment deemed disorderly Houses.

Constables may seise Persons found therein.

Person keeping the same, to forfeit ico 1.

Licensed Places to have an in feription over them,

and not to be opened before 3 in the Evening.

On Preach of either of the Conditions the Licence to be revoked,

Places licensed by the Crown, or Lord Chamberlain, excepted

WHEREAS the Advertising a Reward with no Questions a Iked, for the Return of Things which have been lost or ftoien, is one great Cause and Encouragement of Thefts and robberies be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, any Person pub lickly advertising a Reward with no Questions asked, for the Return of Things which have been ftoien or lost, or making use of any Words in such public Advertisement, purporting that such Reward shall be given or paid without seizing or making Inquiry after the Person producing such Thing so ftoien or lost, or promising or offering, in any such public Advertisement, to return to any Pawnbroker, or other Person, who may have bought or advanced Money by way of Loan upon such Thing so ftoien or lost the Money so paid or advanced, or any other Sum of Money or Reward for the Return of such Thing; and any Person printing or publishing such Advertisement, shall respectively forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence, to any Person who will sue for the same.

II. And whereas the Multitude of Places of Entertainment for the lower Sort of People is another great Cause of Thefts and Robberies, as they are thereby tempted to spend their small Substance in riotous Pleasures, and in Consequence are put on unlawful Methods of supplying their Wants, and renewing their Pleasures: In order therefore to prevent the said Temptation to Thefts and Robberies, and to correct as far as may be the Habit of Idleness, which is become too general over the whole Kingdom, and is productive of much Mischief and Inconvenience; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, any House, Room, Garden, or other Place kept for public Dancing, Music, or other public Entertainment of the like Kind, in the Cities of London and Westminster, or within twenty Adiles thereof, without a Licence had for that Purpose, from the last preceding Michaelmas quarter sessions of the Peace, to be held for the County, City, Riding, Liberty or Division in which such House, Room, Garden, or other Place is situate, (who are hereby authorised and empowered to grant such Licences as they in their Discretion shall think proper) signified under the Hands and Seals of four or more of the Justices there assembled. 111 all be deemed a disorderly House or Place: And every such Licence shall be signed and sealed by the said Justices in open Court, and afterwards be publicly read by the Cleric of the Peace, together with the Names of the Justices subseri bing the same; and no such Licence shall be granted at any adjourned Sessions; nor shall any Fee or Reward be taken for any such Licence: And it shall and may be lawful to and for any Constable, or other Person, being thereunto authorised, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Riding, Division or Liberty where such House or Place shall be situate, to enter such House or Place, and to seize every Person who shall be found therein, in order that they may be dealt with according to Law: And every Person keeping such House, Room, Garden, or other Place, without such Licence as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds to such Personas will sue for the same; and be otherwise punishable as the Law directs in Cases of disorderly Houses.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to give public Notice what Places are licensed pursuant to this Act, there shall be affixed and kept up in some notorious Place over the Door or Entrance of every such House, Room, Garden, or other Place, kept for any of the said Purposes, and so licensed as aforesaid, an Inscription in large Capital Letters, in the Words following; videlicet, LICENSED PURSUANT TO ACT UF PARLIAMENT OF THE TWENTY-FIFTH OF KING GEORGE THE SECOND; and that no such House, Room, Garden, or other Place, kept for any of the said Purposes, although licensed as aforesaid, shall be open for any of the said Purposes before the Hour of five in the Afternoon; and that the affixing and keeping up of i'uch Inscription as aforesaid, and the said Limitation or Restriction in point of Time, shall be inserted in, and made Conditions of, every such Licence; and in case of any Breach of either of the said Conditions, such Licence shall be forfeited, and shall be revoked by the Justices of Peace in their next General or Quarter Sessions, and shall not be renewed; nor shall any new Licence be granted to the same Person or Persons, or any other Person on his or their or any of their Behalf, or for their L fe or Benefir, directly or indirectly, for keeping any such House, Room, Garden, or other Place, lor any of the Purposes aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or he construed to extend, to the Theatres Royal in drury-lane and Covent Garden, or the Theatre commonly called The King's Theatre

ttajiding

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II.

C 36- 439

V. And in order to encourage Prosecutions against Persons keeping bawdy houses, gaming houses orconfiil|>i'.'s duly other disorderly Houses, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any two Inhabitants of any

Pari Hi or Place, paying Scot, and bearing Lot therein, do give Notice in Writing to any Constable for a sow, iy.houf"f other Peace Officer of the like Nature, where there is no Constable) of such Parish or Place, of any Per gaming house, 'soil keeping a bavvdy house, gaming house, or any other disorderly House, in such Parish or Place, the C

Constable or such Officer as aforesaid, so receiving such Notice, shall forthwith go with such Inhabitants to one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Riding, Division or Liberty in which, such Parish or Place does lie; and ball, upon such Inhabitants making Oath before such Justice, that they do believe the Contents of such Notice to be true, and entering into a Recognisance in the penal Sum of twenty Pounds each, to give or produce material Evidence against such Person for such Offence, enter into a Recognisance in the penal Sum of thirty Pounds, to prosecute with effeis such Person for such Offence at the next General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or at the next Assizes to be held for the County in which such Parish or Place does lie, as to the Lid Justice shall seem meet; and such Constable or other The charge: of Officer shall be allowed all the reasonable Expenses of such Prosecution, to be ascertained by any two Prevention, Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Riding, Division or Liberty where the Offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid the same by the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place; and in case such Person shall be convicted of such Offence, the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place shall forth ayj.10' on con with pay the Sum of ten Pounds to each of such Inhabitants; and in case such Overseers shall neglect or m^twv°nhabi°f refuse to pay to such Constable or other Officer such Expenses of the Prosecution as aforesaid, or shall tant, to be caid negleffi or refuse to pay upon Demand, the said Sums of ten Pounds and ten Pounds, such Overseers, and by the cherieers, each of them, shall forfeit to the Person iniitled to the same, double the Sum so refused or neglected to be on Penalty of paid 'forfeiting douhie,

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon such Constable or other pei fan hreping

Officer entering into such Recognisance to prosecute as aforesaid, the said Justice of the Peace shall forth such bawdy with make out his Warrant to bring the Person so accused of keeping a bawdy house, gaming house fdc' "

other disorderly House, before him, and shall bind him or her over to appear at such General or Quarter be un cf' Session or Assizes, there to answer to such Bill of Indictment as shall be found against him or her for such

Offence; and such Justice shall and may, if in his Discretion he thinks fit, likewise demand and take Security for such person's good Behaviour in the mean time, and until such Indictment shall be found, heard, and determined, or be returned by the Grand Jury not to be a true Bill.

VII. Provided also, That in case such Constable shall neglect or refuse, upon such. Notice, to go Conibb! n»g before any Justice of the Peace, or to enter into such Recognisance, or shall be wilfully negligent in car leftyg his Duty rying on the said Prosecution, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to each offorfelts 201-such Inhabitants so giving Notice as aforesaid.

VIII. And whereas, by reason of the many subtle and crafty Contrivances of Persons keeping Bawdy houses, gaming houses or other disorderly Houses, it is difficult to prove who is the real Owner or Keeper thereof, by which Means man: notorious Offenders have escaped Punishment; 'Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person who shall at any Time hereafter appear, add or behave him or her. Who dull be self as Master or Mistress, or as the Person having the Care, Government or Management of any Bawdy deemei1 the house, gaming house or other disorderly House, shall be deemed and taken to be the Keeper thereof, and shall he liable to be prosecuted and punished as such, notwithstanding he or file shall not in Fact be the&f* L"' real Owner or Keeper thereof.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That upon any such Prosecution against any Person for keeping a Bawdy Evidencemay be house, gaming house or other disorderly House, any Person may give Evidence against the Defendant cr sivcn by an ia on Behalf of the Defendant in such Prosecution, notwithstanding his or her being an Inhabitant or Par hal, 'ta 'lts rifhioner of the said Parish of Place, or having entered into such Recognisance as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Indictment which shall. at any Time Indiamen net. after the said first Day of 'june be preferred against any Person for keeping a bawdy house, gaming house or movable by other disorderly House, shall be removed by any Writ of Certiorari into any other Court;, but such iiulidi ccttloml ment shall be heard, tried and finally determined, at the same General or Quarter Session or Assizes, where

such Indictment shall have been preferred (ttnless the Court shall think proper, upon Cause shown, to adjourn the same) any such Writ or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

CXI. And whereas many Persons are deterred from prosecuting Persons guilty of Felon, account of the Expense attending such Prosecutions, which is another great Cause and Encouragement of Thefts and Robberies; 'In order therefore to encourage the bringing Offenders to Justice, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be in the Power of the Court, before whom any n pmi kutii s Person has been tried and convicted of any Grand or Petit Larceny, or other Felony, at the Prayer 0fcju'ms! = the Prosecutor, and on Consideration of his Circumstances, to order the Treasurer of the County in which ordevfof p.s. the Offence shall have been committed, to pay unto such Prosecutor such Sum of Money as to the said mem of the Vo court shall seem reasonable, not exceeding the Expenses which it shall appear to the Court the Pro ftcutor's es fecutor was put unto in carrying, on such Prosecution, making him a reasonable also.vance for his Time i*nce* >.

and Trouble therein; which Order the Clerk of Assize; or Clerk of the Peace respectively, is hereby directed and required forthwith, to make out and to deliver unto such Prosecutor. being paid for the same the Sum of one Shilling, and no more; and the Treasurer of the County is hereby authorised Coun'y Tieafmav and required, upon Sight of such Order, forthwith to pay to such Prosecutor, or other Person authorised to the 0ld'r' to receive the same, such Sum of Money as aforesaid, and shall be allowed the same in his Accounts.

37-

Anno Vicesimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1752.

justices may

XII. And, for the better discovering and bringing to Justice Thieves, Robbers and other Persons main rotc"*v^at^ta'lnin^ themselves by pilfering' and defrauding Mankind; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That bcndtandofhec lb all and may be lawful to and for any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in any disorderiy fer County, City or Liberty, in case any Person apprehended upon any general privy Search, or by virtue of

ions; any Special warrant, shall be charged before them with being a Rogue and Vagabond, or an idle and dif

cmcermngva orderly Person, or with Suspicion of Felony, (although no direct Proof be then made thereof) to examine grantsjujm tter such Person upon Oath, not only as to the Parish or Place where he was last legally settled, but also as to a mac. 34. j^js jyjeans 0p Livelihood; the Substance of which Examination shall be put into Writing, and be fub the Examination scribed or signed by the Person so examined; and the said Justices hall likewise sign the same, and trans to ui7scfi!o^ mt lt: to the Jlext General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the same County, City or LI

° L L berty, there to be filed, and to be kept on Record: And if such Person shall not make it appear to such

afa^isfadlorj'ac? ju*ces» that be has a lawful Way of getting his Livelihood, or hall not procure some responsible House

count, C to be committed, and an advertisement to be published, defcii b ng his Person, and the Things iound on him.

keeper to appear to his Character, and to give Security for his Appearance before such justices at some other Day to be fixed for that Purpose (in case the same shall be required) to commit such Person to some Prison or House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding six Days; and in the mean time to order the Overseers of the Poor, or one of them, of the Parish or Place in which such Person shall be apprehended, to insert an Advertisement in some public!; Paper, describing such suspicious Person, and anything or Things which shall have been found upon him, or in his Custody, and which he shall be suspected not to have come honestly by, and mentioning the Place to which such Person is committed, and specifying the Time and Place when and where such Person is to be again brought before them to be re exainined; and if no Accusation shall be then laid against him, then such Person shall be discharged, or otherwise dealt with according to Law.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person entitled to any of the Forfeitures

by this Act imposed, may sue for the same by Action of Debt, in any of Ills majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which it shall be sufficient to declare. That the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in the Sum of being forfeited by an Act, intituled, An Act for the better

preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of publick Entertainment, and punishhtg Persons keeping disorderiy Hotfcs, and the Plaintiff, if he recover in any such Action, shall have his full Costs.

XIV. Provided, That no Action shall be brought by virtue of this Act, unless the same shall be commenced within the Space of six Calendar Months after the Offence committed.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in Force until the Expiration of three Years, to be computed from the first Day of this Session of Parliament; and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

Mode perpetually 28 Geo. 2. c. 19. I.

Recovery of Forfeitures.

Costs.

Limitation of actions.

atto be in Force for 3 Years.

For former Laws concerning Mi rder refer to 52 H. 3. C 25.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for better preventing the horrid Crime of Murder.

6 Ed. 1. C 9. 3 II 7. C 1. 1 Ed. 6. C 12. 1 Jac. 1. C 8. 21 Jac, 1. C 27. 2 Geo. 2. c. 21.

WHEREAS the horrid Crime of Murder has of late been more frequently perpetrated than for merly and particularly in and near the Metropolis of this Kingdom, contrary to the known Hu ' inanity and natural Genius of the British Nation: And whereas it is thereby become necessary, that some further Terror and peculiar Mark of Infamy be added to the Punishment of Death, now by Law inflicted on such as shall be guilty of the said heinous Offence; 'May it please your moss Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and Murderers to be by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of Easter Term in the Year of our Lord executed the next northeast thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, all Persons who shall be found guilty of wilful Murder, be exe ufter Sentence cute according to Law, on the Day next but one after Sentence passed, unless the same shall happen to be the lord's Day, commonly called Sunday, and in that Case on the Monday following, and th ii Bodies

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the body of such murderer so convicted shall, if such conviction and execution shall be in the county of Middlesex, or within the city of London or the liberties thereof, be immediately conveyed by the sheriff or sheriffs, his or their deputy or deputies and his or their officers, to the hall of the Surgeons Company, or such other place as the said company shall appoint for this purpose, and be delivered to such person as the said company shall depute or appoint, who shall give to the sheriff or sheriffs, his or their deputy or deputies, a receipt for the same; and the body so delivered to the said company of Surgeons, shall be dissected and anatomized by the said Surgeons, or such person as they shall appoint for that purpose: and in case such conviction and execution shall happen to be in any other county or other place in Great Britain, then the judge or justice of assize, or other proper judge, shall award the sentence to be put in execution the next day but one after such conviction (except as is before excepted) and the body of such murderer shall in like manner be delivered by the sheriff, or his deputy, and his officers, to such surgeon as such judge or justice shall direct for the purpose aforesaid.

Sentence to be

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Sentence shall he pronounced in open pronounced im (Jourt immediately after the Conviction of such Murderer, and before the Court shall proceed to any other Bunness, unless the Court shall see reasonable Cause for postponing the same; in which Sentence shall be expressed not only the usual judgement of Death, but also the lime appointed hereby for the Execution thereof,

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. c. 38. 441

and the Marks of Infamy hereby directed for such Offenders, in order to impress a just Horror in the Mind of the Offender, and on the Minds of such as shall be present, of the heinous Crime of Murder.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after such Sentence pronounced as aforesaid, in case there The Jlilge my shall appear reasonable Cause, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Judge or Justice, before whom he Execu" such Criminal shall have been so tried, to stay the Execution of the Sentence, at the Discretion of such uon}

Judge or Justice, Regard being always had to the true Intent and Purpose of this Act.

V. Provided also, That it shall be in the power of any such judge or justice to appoint the body of any such criminal to be hung in chains: but that in no case whatsoever the body of any murderer shall be suffered to be buried; unless after such body shall have been dissected and anatomized as aforesaid; and every such judge or justice shall, and is hereby required to direct the same either to be disposed of as aforesaid, to be anatomized, or to be hung in chains, in the same manner as is now practised for the most atrocious offences.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after such conviction, and judgment given thereupon, the gaoler or keeper to whom such criminal shall be delivered for safe custody, shall confine such prisoner to some cell, or other proper and safe place within the prison, separate and apart from the other prisoners; and that no person or persons whatsoever, except the gaoler or keeper, or his servants, shall have access to any such prisoner, without licence being first obtained for that purpose under the hand of such judge or justice, before whom such offender shall have been tried, or under the the hand of the sheriff, his deputy or under sheriff.

VII. Provided always, That in case any such Judge or Justice shall see Cause to respite the Execution Judge may relax of such Offender so condemned as aforesaid, such Judge or Justice may relax or release any or all of the Re the.lj: d rc flraints or Regulations herein before or herein after directed to be observed by the Gaoler or Keeper of theftralnts'

Prison where such Prisoner shall be confined, by any Licence in Writing signed by such Judge or Justice for

that Purpose, for and during the Time of such Stay of Execution; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after Sentence passed as aforesaid, andj

until the Execution thereof, such Offender shall be fed with Bread and Water only, and with no otherv/jtcr ai'

Food or Liquor whatsoever (except in case of receiving the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, and except in except, 'C case of any violent Sickness or Wound, in which Case some known physicianl Surgeon or Apothecary

may be admitted by the Gaoler or Keeper of the said Prison to administer necessaries; the Christian and Surname of such Physician, Surgeon or Apothecary, and his Place of Abode, being first entered in the Books of such Prison or Gaol, there to remain) and in case such Gaoler or prison keeper shall offend againflp3'" or neglect to put in Execution any of the Directions or Regulations hereby enabled to be observed, such^ofu0 JL Gaoler or prison keeper shall for such Offence forfeit his Office, and be fined in the Sum of twenty Pounds, 20l. and fuft er Imprisonment until the same be paid.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall by Force Penalty of refeu set at Liberty, or refeue or attempt to rescue or set at Liberty, any Person out of Prison who shall be com lnea Murdcrtl: mitted for, or found Guilty of Murder, or rescue or attempt to rescue any Person convicted of Murder going

to Execution, or during Execution, every Person so offending shall be deemed, taken and adjudged to be Guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death without Benefit of Clergy.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, Penalty after such Execution had, by Force rescue or attempt to rescue the Body of such Offender out of the cuf £xe(°uj0., tody of the Sheriff or his Officers, during the Conveyance of such Body to any of the Places hereby directed,

or shall by Force rescue or attempt to rescue such Body from the Company of Surgeons, or their Officers or Servants, or from the House of any Surgeon where the same shall have been deposited in pursuance of this Act; every Person so offending shall he deemed and adjudged to be Guilty of Felony, and shall be liable to be transported to some of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America for the Term of seven Years, in like manner as is directed by the Laws now in force relating to the Transportation of Felons; and shall be subject to the like Punishment and Methods of Conviction, in case of returning into, or beingfound at large within Great Britain, within the said Term of seven Years, in all Respects, as by Law other Felons are subject to, in case of unlawfully returning from Transportation -

Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein con this A not to tained shall extend to repeal or alter so much of an Act made in the eleventh Year of his late majestyv*"^ to Reign (entitled. An Act for the more effectual, disarming the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called cii c'i6' Scotland; and for the letter feenring the Peace and £>j/ict of that Part of the Kingdom) as relates to the Suspension

of the Execution of Persons convicted of capital Offences within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the respective Times in the said Act mentioned; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford, and the several Towns, Parishes, Wards, Hamlets, and Places within the Liberty of St. Alban's.

PR.

442 C 39, 40. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1752.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to obviate Doubts that may arise upon an Act made and passed in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, entitled, An n£l to enable his Majesty' s natural born Subjects to inherit the estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens.

11 & 12 W. 3. c. 6.

WHEREAS in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, entitled, An alto enable his Maiejlfs ' n'.tural born Subjects to inherit the estate of their Anccjlors, cither lineal or collateral, notuatbjlanding their Father or Mother were Aliens; It is enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, being the King's 11a- tural born Subject or Subjects, within any of the King's Realms or Dominions, should and might there after lawfully inherit and be inheritable, as Heir or Heirs, to any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and make their Pedigrees and Titles by Descent from any of their Ancestors, lineal or collateral, although the Father and mo.her, or Father or Mother, or other Ancestor of such Person or Persons by, from, through, or under whom he, she or they Should or might make or derive their Title or Pedigree, were or was, or Should be born out of the King's Allegiance, and out of his Majesty's Realms and Dominions, as freely, fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Father or Mother, or Fathers or Mothers, or other Ancestor or Ancestors by, from, through, or under whom he, she or they Should or might make or derive their Title or Pedigree, had been naturalised or natural born Subjects: whereas many Doubts and Inconveniences may arise upon the said recited Act, in case of Persons gaining Capacities to inherit and derive their Pedigrees by virtue of the said recited Act, after the Deaths of their Ancestors to whom they claim to be Heirs, whereby Estates well veiled by Descent, Mortgages, Purchases, and Settlements duly made, may be defeated: For Remedy whereof be it enacted and declared by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority None to inherit of the same, That the said Statute shall not extend, or be deemed, taken, or construed to extend to give

hythe recited ar)y R; g>lt or Title to any Person or Persons to inherit as Heir or Heirs, or Coheir or Coheirs, to any shall be in Being, person dying seized of any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in Possession, Reversion or Re

Act, but such as \

the Death of mainder, by enabling any such Person or Persons to claim or derive his, her or their Pedigree through any thcancefior who Alien Ancestor or Ancestors, unless the Person or Persons so claiming or deriving his, her or their Title as flull die seized. p|eir or fjejrsj Coheir or Coheirs, was or were, or shall be in Being, and capable to take the same Estate as Heir or Heirs, Coheir or Coheirs, by virtue of the said Statute, at the Death of the Person who shall so last die seized of such Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and to whom he, she or they shall so claim to be Heir or Pleirs, Coheir or Coheirs, by Force of the said Statute, CI lukdcftcnt

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Person or Persons a Daughter who shall be in Being, and capable to take at the Death of the Ancestor so dying seized of any such

V'Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and upon whom the Descent shall be call by virtue of this Act, or of the said recited Act, shall happen to be a Daughter or Daughters of an Alien', and the Alien and that the Alien Father or Mother, through whom such Descent shall be derived by such Daughter or Father, C shall Daughters, shall afterwards have a Son horn within any of his Majesty's Realms or Dominions; the Soothe avt Descent so call upon such Daughter or Daughters shall be divested in favour of such Son; and such Daughter to be Son shall inherit and take the Estate in like manner as is allowed by the common-law of this Realm divested, in Cases of the Birth of a nearer Heir; or in case such Father or Mother shall have no Son or Sons,

and where no but shall have one or more Daughter or Daughters afterwards borrt within any of his Majesty's Realms

tere^fterwa rfs1" 01" Dominions, the Daughter or Daughters so born afterwards shall inherit and take in Coparcenary with Han in hi seem a Ae Daughter or Daughters upon whom the Descent shall be call at the Death of the Ancestor last leifed; jesty's Domini anything in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

ons, fh.ili jointly

irhe, it

CAP. XL.

An Act for the Application of a Sum of Money therein mentioned, granted to his Majesty, for making Compensation and Satisfaction to the Royal African Company of England, for their Charter, Lands, Sorts, Castles, Slaves, Military Stores, and all other their Pftefts whatsoever; to vest the Lands, Sorts, Castles, Slaves and Military Stores, and all other their Effects in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and for other Purposes in the Act mentioned.

WHEREAS his late Majesty King Charles the Second, by his Royal Charter or Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date the twenty seventh Day of September in the twenty-fourth Year of his Reign, in consideration of the Surrender of a former Grant in the said Letters Patent recited, did give and grant unto certain Persons therein named, all and Angular the Regions, Countries, Dominions, Territories, Continents, Coasts and Places, lying and being within the Limits and Bounds in the said Letters Patent mentioned, that is to say, Beginning at she Port of Sally in Scutb Barbary inclusive, and extending from thence to Cape di bona Efptranza inclusive, with all the Blands.

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. c. 40. 443

near adjoining to those Coasts, and comprehended within the Limits aforesaid; which Regions, Coun tries, Dominions, Territories, Continents, Coasts and Places, and Islands, had been theretofore called or known by the Name of South Barbary, Gtunny, Binny or Angola, or by some or any other Name or Names, and which were or had been reputed, cilcemed or taken to be Part, Parcel or Member of any Country, Region, Dominion, Territory or Continent, within the Limits aforesaid; and all and fingu lar Ports, Harbours, Creeks, Islands, Lakes and Places in the Parts of Africa, to them or any of them belonging; or being under the Obedience of any King, State or Potentate of any Region, Dominion or Country, within the Limits aforesaid, to hold from the making the said Letters Patent for the Term of one thousand Years, subject to such Conditions and Reservations as therein mentioned; and did in and by the said Letters Pate: t incorporate the several Persons therein named, by the Name of The Royal African Company of England, and did declare such Grant and Demise to be in Trust to and for the sole Use, Benefit and Behoof of the Royal African Company of England, therein and thereby so, incorporated,

and their Successors: And whereas the said Royal African Company of England have, since the granting the said Charter, been at a very considerable Expense in re building and enlarging several of their Forts and Castles on the Coasts aforesaid, and have there erected, built and purchased, several New Forts: C And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty-third. Year of the Reign of his^geo, 2. C jr, present Majesty, intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, a new Company was established by the Name of The Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and the better to uphold, main tain and defend all such Sorts, Factories and Settlements, on the Coast of Africa, as then were erected,

or thereafter Should be thought necessary to be erected, for the securing and better carrying on the said Trade; it was enacted, among other Things, That all and every the Britif Sorts, Settlements and Factories, on the Coast: of Africa, beginning at Cape Blanco, and extending from thence to the Cape of Good Hope inclusive, and all other the Regions, Countries, Dominions, Territories, Continents, Coasts,

Ports, Bays, Rivers and Places, lying and being within the aforesaid Limits, and the Islands near ad joining to those Coasts; and comprehended within those Limits, which then were claimed by, or were in the Possession of the said Royal African Company of England, or which might be thereafter in the Pof ' session of the Company thereby established, Should from and after the parting of an Act of Parliament for diverting the said African Company of their said Charter, Sorts, Castles, Military Stores, Canoe Men, Castle Slaves, and all other their Property on the Coast of Africa (their Goods and Merchandizes only excepted) be absolutely vested in the said new Company established by the said Add, 'and their Successors, to the Intent and Purpose that the said Forts, Settlements and Premises should be employed at all Times thereafter only for the Protection, Encouragement and Defence of the said Trade; and it was by the said Add further enabled. That the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery for the Time being, and such two of the other Mailers of the said Court, as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain for the Time being, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, or the

Lords Commissioners for the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, Should from Time to Time nominate for that Purpose, should be, and they were thereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the said Royal African Company, and to inquire and state how and when the same were respectively incurred, in such manner as in and by the said Add is directed, together with their Opinion of the Justness and Reasonableness of such Debts respectively, and to lay Accounts of their Proceedings before the Parliament with all convenient Speed: And whereas the Commissioners appointed by and in pursuance of the said Act did lay Accounts of their Proceedings be fore the Parliament the last Session, but several Claims of several of the company's Officers and Servants abroad, for Salaries due to them, or for Goods sold and delivered, and for Moneys laid out and expended for the said company's Use, for want of proper Vouchers from abroad could not be examined into within the Time prescribed for that Purpose by the said Act: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing fur 24 Geo. 2. c. 23, there Time to the Commissioners appointed by and in pursuance of an Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Afajifly's Reign, intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, to inquire into the Claims of certain Creditors of the Royal African Company therein mentioned, and for the Relief of David Crichton, and for refraining the said Company from chfpofng of such of their Effects as are therein mentioned;

and for staying all Suits for Money due from or on account of the said Company for the Time therein mentioned;

It was enabled among other Things, That all and every the Powers and Authorities in and by the said above recited Act of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty granted to and vested in the said Commissioners appointed by or in pursuance of the said Act for enabling them to examine into the Claims of the Creditors of the said Company', and stating the same, with their Opinion thereon,

Should, for the Purposes of examining into and stating the Claims therein particularly mentioned, and no other, be and continue in full Force until the twelfth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, and the said Commissioners, or any two of them, were thereby authorised and required, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, to proceed with all convenient Speed upon the Examination of the several Claims of the several Persons thereafter named;

and the said Commissioners were thereby required to close and finish their Examination of all the said Claims on or before the twelfth Day of January then next ensuing, and to lay Accounts of their Proceedings before the Parliament with all convenient Speed: And whereas the said Commissioners have laid Accounts of their Proceedings, under the said last recited Act, before the Parliament: And whereas several other Sums of Money are due and owing to several other Persons from the said Royal African Company: And whereas Captain Thomas Rye, Commander of his Majesty's Ship Humber, did, in pursuance of i/iredlions given him by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for that Purpose in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, take a Survey of the Forts

l11 2 4 and

444* G. 40.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1752.

and Cattles of the said Royal African Company of England on the Coast of Africa, and of the Quantity, Number and Quality of Cannon and their Military Stores, Canoe Men, Cattle Slaves, Canoes and Vessels then at each respeistive Sort, which belonged to the said Royal African Company of England, a particular Account of which Survey is expressed and fct forth in the first Schedule to this Act annexed:

C their Property, Estate, Interest and Effects whatsoever, for such Compensation and Satisfaction, and to be applied in such Manner as herein after is expressed and directed; 'Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tenipo t!)?african ral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the African Company of England, from and after the tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred ter forts" &/' an£l fifty-two, shall be, and they are hereby absolutely diverted of and from their said Charter, Lands,

Forts, Castles and Military Stores, Canoe Men, Cattle Slaves, and all other their Estate, Property and

Effects whatsoever; and that all and every the British Forts, Lands, Castles, Settlements and Factories on the Coast of Africa, beginning at Port Sally, and extending from thence to the Cape of Good Hope inclusive, which were granted to the said Company by the said Charter, or which have been since erected or purchased by the said Company; and all other the Regions, Countries, Dominions, Territories, Continents, Coasts, Ports, Bays, Rivers and Places lying and being within the aforesaid Limits, and the Islands near adjoining to those Coasts, and comprehended within the Limits described by the said Charter; and which now are, or at any Time heretofore have been in the Possession of or claimed by the said Royal African Company of England, together with the Cannon and other Military Stores, Canoe Men, Cattle Slaves at and belonging to the said Forts, Catstles, Settlements and Factories, particularly mentioned and set forth in the said first Schedule to this al annexed (such Stores as have been made use of in the Service of the Forts, and such Canoe Men and Slaves, as may have died since the taking of the said Survey, only excepted) and also all Contracts and Agreements made by or for, or on the Behalf of the said Royal African Company, with any of the Kings, Princes or Natives of any of the Countries on Places on the said Coasts; and all other the Property, Estate and Eft'efts whatsoever of the said Royal African Company shall, from and after the said tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and and the same fifty-two, be vetted in, and the same and every of them are and is hereby fully and absolutely vetted in vested in the the fgjj Corporation called and known by the Name of The Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and merchants tra t^le'r Successors, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all Claims and Demands of the said Royal ding to Attica. African Company of England, and their Creditors, and every of them, and of all and every Person or Persons claiming under them, or any or either of them.

No other Powers Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the diverting the said Royal African Company of

what are ranted ^'nsjclnl^ f their Charter, and vetting the said Forts, Settlements and Factories, and all other the before by 2 Geo. 2. mentioned Premises in the said Company of Merchants trading to Africa, shall not extend, or be conic. 31. strued to extend to give the said Company of Merchants trading to Africa, or their Committee, any other

Right, Privileges or Powers, than such as are given to the said Company of Merchants, and their Committee, by the said recited Act made and passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

III. And whereas it appears that a certain Island situate in the River Sierra Leon, on the said Coast of Africa, called Bance island, with a Sort and Buildings thereon, having been formerly in the Possession cf

the said Royal African Company, was in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight deffrted

by the said Company and their Agents; and the said Fort for sometime part has been, ailed is now in the Possession of Alexander Grant, 'john Sargent and Richard Oswald of London, Merchants, who have dif bursed a considerable Sum in the Preservation and Improvement of the said Bland and Fort; and for which it is just and reasonable they should receive a Recompense; 'Be it therefore enacted, That they the said Alexander Grant, John Sargent and Richard Ofvald shall be at Liberty, notwithstanding this prefer t

Act, to continue, in the quiet Possession of the said Bland, Port and Buildings thereon, and that the fan C

icicbardufwald; shall from henceforth continue, and be absolutely vested in them the said Alexander Grant, John Sargent and Richard Oswald, their Heirs and Assigns, to and for their own Use and Benefit; anything herein, or in any former Act or alsof Parliament contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Proviso that they

IV. Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for them the said Alexander Grant, John Sargent and Richard Oswald, or any of them, or their Heirs or Assigns, to demise, grant or alienate' their Right and Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, being Foreigners.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Merchants, and their Successors, or their Committee for the Time being, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, or the Majority of them, to authorise and empower such Persons, as they shall think fit, at any of the said Forts, Cattles, Settlements and Factories, or elsewhere in Africa, to raise, arm, train and mutter fsch military Forces, as to them shall seem requisite and liccessary; and to execute and use within the said Forts, Cattles, Factories and Settlements, such Rules and Regulations for the Defence of the said Places, and for the Punishment of Offences committed within the same, as from Time to Time shall be given them by the said Company of Merchants or their Committee, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, or the Majority of them, so as such Punishment ih ill not extend to the Loss or Deprivation of Life or Limb; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Persons authorised as aforesaid, in any Cases where it shall be thought proper, to send over in Confinement, the Person or Persons of any Offender or Offenders, to be here tried according to the Laws of this Kingdom.

B; >nce island veiled in Alexander Grant, John Sargent and

grant not th lame to jfo jeigoers.

The new Company, with the Canfent of the Commissioners for Trade, may wise Military xqtces,

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. c. 40. 44.5

VI. And for the more effectual Encouragement of Merchants that shall trade unto or reside in the

Places aforesaid; it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the and evc£l Courts, laid Company of Merchants trading to Africa, or their Committee, by and with the Content and Approbation of the said Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, or the Majority of them, to erect, constitute and establish a Court or Courts of J udicature, to be held at such Place or Places, Sort or Forts, Plantations or Factories, upon the said Coast, as the said Company shall from Time to Time direct and appoint, for hearing and determining all Causes, the Matter or Matters whereof shall arise there, on account of Mercantile or Maritime Bargain, buying, selling or bartering of Wares; or Bills, Bonds, or Promises for Payment of Money, or Mercantile or Trading Contrasts, made, transacted or entered into upon the said Coast, concerning any Person or Persons residing within the Bounds and Limits aforesaid.

VII. Provided neverthekls, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty, his Heirs His m.ijdly rray and Successors, shall have full Power at his Will and Pleasure, from Time to Time, by his or their signrev<'1je any of Manual, to revoke all such Powers which shall be given to any Persons, for raising, arming and training

the Military Forces, and all such Rules and Regulations, as shall be given or established, and to grant all Reflations c.

Military Powers on the said African Coast, and establish such Rules and Regulations as he or they shall from Time to Time think fit; and also to revoke and repeal all such Courts of Justice as shall be erected

and to erect and establish such other Courts of Justice there, as he or they shall from Time to Time think fit.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Contracts and Agreements Former con which have been made by the said Royal African Company of England, with any of the Kings, Princes ortra?'s -- &l-10 Natives of any of the Countries or Places on the said Coast; and also all Deeds, Writings, Evidences or the'n^com 13 Muniments, Books of Account, and all Papers of what Kind or Nature soever, belonging, or which did p?n, J belong, to the said Company, shall, on or before the said tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, be delivered over by the said Royal African Company of England, or their Officers, Servants,

Agents and all other Persons, who have or shall have thecudody of them, or any of them, to the said company of Merchants trading to Africa, together with an Inventory of the Books, Contracts, Agreements, Deeds, Writings and Evidences abovementioned, to be by them kept and preserved, for the Benefit Transfer and Protection ofj ne laid Jl'rade, Forts and Settlements; and the said Company of Merchants trading to Books to be profor

their said Charter, Lands, Sorts, Castles, Slaves, Military Stores, Books, Papers, and all other their J

effects *whatsoever; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies;, 0 a' jjatsf

granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament, there may and shall be applied and paid the Sum offoaion to ikecld

one hundred and twelve thousand one hundred and forty-two Pounds three Shillings and threepence, with company,

out Account, to such Persons and in such Proportions, and in such Manner, as is herein after particularly

directed and appointed.

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the said Sum of one him whereof dred and twelve thousand one hundred and forty-two Pounds three Shillings and threepence, the Com — '6?, 1' 3 s' to missioner of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, o comminic>nets to any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, do issue and pay, or cause to itate the Claims be issued and paid, the Sum of one thousand six hundred and ninety five Pounds and three Shillings, to of the Creditors. Richard Edvjards Esquire, and Edmund Sawyer Esquire, two of the Matters of the High Court of Chan --

eery, and John jfaple Esquire, one other of the Matters, and also Accountant General of the said Court; being the Commissioners appointed to examine and state the Claims of the Creditors of the said Royal african Company, by an Act of Parliament of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, their Trouble, and in Satisfaction of the Expenses of executing the said Commission.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out Of the said Sum of one hun 84, 6511. 11s. dred and twelve thousand and one hundred and forty-two Pounds, three Shillings and threepence, thedifors fa fonhhi further Sum of eighty-four thousand six hundred and fifty-two Pounds twelve Shillings and seven Pence, tj, e fecoml Sche -- be distributed and paid to the several Creditors mentioned and set forth in the second Schedule to this Act dole, annexed, in the respective Sums and Proportions in the said Schedule mentioned, in full Satisfaction of all

and every their Demands.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the said Sum of one hun jwsl. 1 ss. dred and twelve thousand one hundred and forty-two Pounds three Shillings and threepence, the Sum of jnnamedin°the twenty-three thousand six hundred and eighty eight Pounds fifteen Shillings and five Pence, be paid and third Schedule, divided to and amongst the Persons named in the third Schedule to this act annexed, in the Sums and Proportions therein mentioned, being such of the Proprietors of African transferrable Stock, as were postefifed

of the same on the thirty first Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, the same being computed to be at and after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum on the said

Stock, so possessed by them at that Time, in full, of ad their Right and Title to the same, or any Parts thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of two thousand one hun to 'the ivfcns' dred and five Pounds twelve Shillings and threepence, Residue of the said Sum of one hundred and twelvenamei; n t'ije thousand one hundred and forty-two Pounds three Shillings and tiiree fence, he paid and dividedto and fourth Schedule, amongst the Persons named in the fourth Schedule to this Act annexed, in the Sums and Proportions therein mentioned, being such of the Proprietors of African transferrable Stock, as have become possessed of the same since the said thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, being com

Rtiiedi

44-6 C 40.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II.

A.D. 1752.

them declared void;

may plead the General Issue, C

Commissioners

puted to be at and after the Rate of five pounds per Centum on the Stock so possessed by them, in full of all their Right and Title to the same, or any Part thereof.

The old comj>a

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth Day nv to ceofe, of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, the said Royal African Company of England hall cease to be a Corporation, and be incapable of doing or exercising any Corporate at; and all Claims and Demands against the said Company, or any of their Officers, Agents or Servants, or other Person or Persons, and all Claims on for or in respedi of any Debt due, or pretended to be due from, or eontrafled for or on the Behalf of the said Company, are hereby declared to be null and void; and if any Action, Suit or Process is now depending, or hall hereafter be commenced or prosecuted for any such Claims or Demands as aforesaid, then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence in Bar thereto; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgement be given on Demurrer, the Defendant hall have Full Costs.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Richard Edwards Esquire, Bjvointeu for two and Edmund Sawyer Esquire, two of the Mailers of the High Court of Chancery, and John U'aple Esquire, lino i ceitfi" ons ot ler f the Mailers, and also Accountant General of the said Court, or such other of the Mailers of cates ^o'shc crca^1' High Court of Chancery as may be hereafter appointed in pursuance of this Act, hall be, and they are d'tors, C hereby, constituted and appointed Commissioners for the making out and delivering Certificates to all and ever] the Creditors of the said Royal African Company of England, and the Proprietors of their Stock, in the said Schedules particularly mentioned, and for other the Purposes in this Act contained, for the Space of two Years, to be computed from the in ft Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two; and the said Commissioners, or any two of them, are hereby empowered and required, with all convenient Speed, to make out under their Hands, or the Hands of two of them, and to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to all and every the Creditors of the said Company mentioned in the second Schedule to this Act annexed, and to the several Proprietors of African transferrable Stock mentioned in the third and fourth Schedules to this Act annexed, in respect of the Sums in and by this Act directed to be paid to them Certificates may respectively, Certificates of what is due or allowed to them respectively as aforesaid, and to take proper b"r'oto^tu"^ec^3ts or t^le'arr'e' 'n Satisfaction of all their Claims and Demands on the said Company; in which unir rool.' Certificates, and each and every of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to include as many of the said Creditors and Proprietors, whose Demands shall be respectively under the Sum of one hundred Pounds, as they shall think fit; and shall and may make all and every such their respective Certificates in the Name or Names of the Attorney or Attorneys of the said Creditors or Proprietors, for their Use; such Letters of Attorney shall be executed in the Presence of one or more of the said Commissioners, or in such Manner as they shall direct.

Creditors dying,

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Jl hat in case any of the said Creditors, Prof ".prietors or otjler Persons, as aforesaid, are now dead, or hath been duly declared Bankrupt, or shall, before toh be delivered' the making out and delivering of such certificates as herein before directed, happen to die, or be duly de to the Executors dared Bankrupt, then the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, or Assignees. to the Executors or Administrators of such Creditor, Proprietor or other Person as aforesaid, so dead or dying, as aforesaid, or to the Assignee or Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Creditor, Proprietor or other Person as aforesaid, so declared, or to be declared, Bankrupt as aforesaid, the Certificate or Certificates herein directed to be made out as aforesaid, and to which such Creditor, Proprietor or other Person as aforesaid, would have been respectively entitled. h«r'u0ron°oath And further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the said Creditors of the

to Use Comm if Company, and Proprietors of their Stock, on Receipt of the Certificates herein before directed to be

tinners all Secu made out and delivered to them respectively, shall and do, upon their respective corporal Oaths, which the

hues. Lid Commissioners, or any two of them, are hereby authorised to administer for that Purpose, produce

and deliver up to the said Commissioners, or any two of them, as aforesaid, all and singular the Bonds, Bdls, Notes, Receipts or other Securities whatsoever, relating to their refrective Debts, which at the Time of the Examination of the Claims cif the said respective Creditors by the f.xi i Commissioners were produced before them, or which, at the Time of receiving the said Certificates, Hull be in the Hands, Custody,

Power or Possession of the said Creditors respectively, or of any Person or Persons in Trust for them;

which said several Bonds, Bills, Notes, p.eeeipts or other Securities, so to be produced and delivered up as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or any two of them, are hereby empowered and required forthwith to cancel and destroy, and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to flop and retain tyre Certificate or Certificates of such Creditor or Creditors, as shall not deliver up the Securities to their Satisfaction, or as they shall require.

t'the com*

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Purposes aforesaid, all and mfflionen C - every the said Creditors of the said Company, and th e laid Proprietors of African transferable Stock, or the or Administrators of such of them as are dead, or may hereafter die, or the Assignees of such of or may be duly declared Bankrupt, shall attend the said Commissioners on such Days and

cording to Notice Executors in the London them Gazette.

as are

Times, and at such Place within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, as the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint; of which Notice shall be given in the London Gazette.

Treasury to pay

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his majesty's the Certificates. Treasury) or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorised and empowered on Tender to them of the Certificates herein before directed to be made out by the said Commissioners, or any two of

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. c. 40. 447

them, to issue and pay, or cause to be issued and paid, to the Person or Persons named in the said Certificates, the several Sums in the said Certificates respectively contained.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of the Death ot two of the saidon de.atl1 Commissioners, or of any other Commissioner to be hereafter appointed, by and in pursuance of this Act, c°mm!ffi°ncis' such other Mailer or Mailers of the said Court of Chancery, as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain p0.nicd.° C for the Time being, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, or the Lords Commissioners for the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, shall from Time to Time nominate for that Purpose, hall be, and he or they is and are hereby constituted and appointed a Commissioner or Proceeding to Commissioners for the Purposes in this Act contained; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to be iai'l bercre lay Accounts of their Proceedings before the Parliament. Paiiument.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company of Merchants The Efivas of trading to Africa, and their successors, hall and do, and they are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to sell and dispose of all and every the Goods, Wares and Merchandise of the said Royal African foid' Company of England, which now are or hereafter shall come to the Hands, Custody or Possession of the said Company of Merchants, their Agents, Officers or Servants, (the Military Stores, Slaves, Canoes and Vessels, in the first Schedule to this Act annexed, excepted) for the bell Price that can be got for the same; and that the said Company of Merchants do every Session of Parliament, until the Whole shall be disposed of, lay before both Houses of Parliament an Account of the Disposition of the said Goods, Wares and pa, ilmcm. 'r: Merchandise.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may take for each Cer Allowances to tificate from the Parties obtaining the same, a Sum not exceeding the Rate of two Pounds per ceftti/m, tj'e Comn" f upon the Money contained therein, where the Sum shall not be more than one hundred Pounds; and a Sum not exceeding one Pound per Centum, where the Money contained therein is above one hundred ca es.

Pounds, and not exceeding one thousand Pounds; and a Sum not exceeding ten Shillings per Centum, where the Money contained therein does exceed one thousand Pounds; which respective Sums, and no more, the said Commissioners shall and may demand and take, in full Recompense for all Trouble and Expellees which they, their Clerks, Agents or Servants, shall be at in the Execution of the Powers thereby given them.

XXIII. And whereas at a General Meeting of the Creditors of the said Royal African Company, held the fourth Day of March which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sorry seven,

the following Creditors, to wit, Robert Myre of London Merchant, tvi III am Mills of London Merchant,

and John Leapidge of London Stationer, with others, were chosen and appointed by the said Creditors to solicit a Satisfaction, for the just Debts due and owing to all the Creditors of the said Company: And whereas it is just and reasonable that all the said Creditors should contribute to the Charges and Expenses of such Solicitation, and also to a proportionable Part of the Charges and Expenses of obtaining and passing the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, and this present Act; 'Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every Creditor of the said Company, whose Name is expressed in the Creditors top.iy> second Schedule to this Act annexed, shall pay to the said Robert Myre, William Mills, and John leapidgew p«cent. to or one of them, a Contribution at and after the Rate of two Pounds per Centum, for or upon the Sum in wiiivani jvntfs the said Schedule expressed, to be allowed to him or her respectively, to be by them the said Robert Myre, and John leap William Mills, and John Lcapidge, applied in Payment of all such Charges and Expenses, as they on Behalfidge. for and! -- of themselves, and the rest of the said Creditors, have been or shall be at in soliciting and obtaining the 'i&ihcr 3ebm Satisfaction aforesaid, and in Repayment of all such Contributions as have been heretofore paid by the said Creditors, or any of them, to "them the said Robert Myre, William Mills, and John Leapldge, or any of them, and also in Payment of a proportionable Part of the Charges and Expenses of obtaining the said Act of Parliament passed the last Session, and of the Charges and Expenses of passing this present Act, in such Manner as shall be adjudged and directed by the said Cemnussioners, or any two of them, in Writing under their respective Hands; and no one of the said Creditors shall have, orb entitled to have, a Certificate of or for his or her said Debt or Claim from the said Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, until he or she shall produce to such Commissioners a Note in Writing under the Hands of the said Robert Myre, William Mills, and John Leapidge, or one of them, expressing the Receipt of the said Contribution; and the said Robert Myre, William Mills, and John Leapiilge, hull on or before the tenth Day of May which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, or within three Calendar Months next after all the Contributions aforesaid shall have been paid in as aforesaid, (if the same shall be sooner paid) lay and submit an Account thereof, and of their Payments. and Disbursements, in Writing under their Hands, before the said Commissioners for their Examination and Allowance; and hall difpte of the Balance then remaining in their Hands (if any) in such Manner as the said Creditors at a General Meeting to be summoned for that Purpose, by advertisement in the London Gazette, or the major Part in Value of the Creditors present at such Meeting, shall resolve, agree or direct.

XXIV. And whereas there is a considerable Sum of Money due to William Newland, the Solicitor of the Royal African Company, for his Fees, Labour and Disbursements in diverse Solicitations, for and on Account of the said Company, in their general Business since the one and thirtieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine: And whereas it is just and reasonable, that all the Proprietors of the transferrable Stock of the said Company should contribute to a proportionable Part of the Charges and Expenses of obtaining and passing the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, and also of this present Act; 'Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That each and every proprietor of the said Company, whose Nantes are expressed in the third and fourth Schedules to this.aft annexed, hall percent, to be pay to John Vaughan Esquire, Solomon Afiiley Esquire, Bibye Lake Esquire, Captain Thomas Collect and applied in my samuel exal Gentleman, or one of them, a Contribution at and after the Rate of two Pounds per Centum fw'ot.

a J r Company s sou

fc^citor, C

4-8 C 40.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1752.

for and upon the respective Sums in the said respective Schedules expressed, to be payable to the Persons therein mentioned, to be by them the said John Vaughan Esquire, Solomon ashuy Esquire, Bibse Lake Esquire, Captain Thomas Collect and Samuel exe'.l Gentleman, applied in Payment of such Sums of Monty as are now due to the said William Newland, on the Account before mentioned; and in Payment of a proportionable Part of the Charges and Expenses of obtaining the said Act of Parliament passed the laf, Session, and of the Charges and Expenses of passing this Act, in such Manner as shall be adjudged and directed by the said Commissioners, or any two of them, in Writing under their respective Hands'; and no one of the said Proprietors shall have or be entitled to have a Certificate of or for his or her said Share and Proportion from the said Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, until he or she shall produce to such Commissioners a Note in Writing under the Hands of the said John Vaughan Esquire, Solomon ash !ey Esquire, Bihye Lake Esquire, Captain Thomas Collect and Samuel Exell Gentleman, or one of them, expressing the Receipt of the said Contribution; and the said John Vaughan Esquire, Solomon ashlcy Esquire, Bibye Lake Esquire, Captain Thomas Collect and Samuel Exell Gentleman, shall, on or before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, or within three Calendar Months next after all the Contributions aforesaid shall have been paid in as aforesaid, (if the same shall be sooner paid) lay an Account thereof, and of their Payments and Disbursements, in Writing under their Hands, before the said co^mhion^orr rn qllel"s' or t^c'r Examination and Allowance; and shall dispose of the Balance then remaining mu.ione; s, in tjle; r } jan(js (jf any) in such Manner as the said Proprietors at a General Meeting to be summoned for that Purpose, by Advertisement in the London Gazette, or the major Part of them in Value, present at such Meeting shall direct and appoint.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if anyaction or Actions shall be commenced or brought against any Person or Persons, for what he or they shall do or cause to be done in pursuance of this Act, then, and in every such Case, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding,

at'ct the Contributions are paid in, an Account thereof, and of the D: f burr Cements, to b:

[General Issue.]

---

[Public Act.]

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and deemed to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. C. 40. 449

The First SCHEDULE referred to in this Act.

---

An Account of the Castle Slaves, Canoe Men, Military Stores, Canoes and Vessels belonging to the Royal African Company of England, at their several Forts on the Coast of Africa, according to the Surveys made by the Order of Thomas Pie, Esquire, Commander of his Majesty's Ship Humber, in the Year 1749.

Names

of

Sorts

d

o

a

Castle Slaves

Carpenters —

Blacksmiths

Armourers — Brickmakers bricklayers —

Gunner goldfmii Slaves Cooks

Chief Cooks

Doctors 7 Servants $ Coopers -

Chapel 7 Servants }

gold takers

Men -

Canoe Men —

Women children

n3 Guns OC 3 ro Where mounted. Shot. N Powde; Musquets. Military Stores. N Vessels. N

10 12 12-j On the Plat Differ 3000 lb Musquets — 23 Bayonets — 23 Lively 1

29( 4616 dama atoueen 7 Swords9 Schooner J

7 10 3 ( form. Sizes. ged. ann's > 4 Cartouch } A Launch —

5 ij Point J Boxes J 2 Seventeen 3 hand Ca

49I On the S. L Halberts — 6 1

2 6) Battion. Bells 26 no)

297 On the S. W. Drums 6 13 hand d3 1

Bound Ba Daggers — 2 11 hand d3 1

1 4 6j ftion. Bartizans — 29hand 1)° — 1

on then.w 5 hand D — L

3 S 6i Bastion.

2 5 1? On then.e.

1 3! Bastion.

3 3 9

2 2 6) ongreenhill

3 I 4f Point.

7 2 A

1 Brass on the

2 i Parade.

3 4\ In the Spur

*37 31 unserviceable.

20 I 3 ( Brass on the

79 \ Lieutenants Room.

3 12 ( atfortroyal

76 3 dismounted

2 9) and nailed

3 1 6t 2 At Phipps

Tower, Carriages broke, C

7 3 1 SOUTHWEST. Bastion. Fromq 7 1 Musquets — 6 Granado } 42 iqhandcanoe 1

] 2 4 5 Pound / — 6 Shells J 7 hand D — 1

2 21 ers to 2 >800 2QO lb. Cartouch 7 10 Formers — 6 3 hand D" — 1

10 6 3 2 i( SOUTHEAST. Bastion. Pound ers Boxes J buckaneerj Copper 7 Ladles J 2 3 hand D — I

1 4) Guns \9Swords — 6

5 Danes 7 30 Fathom 2f? 30

I 97 Guns 3 in Rope (

2 4t Lead Ball — 538 lb.

3 3) Gun f lints 347

iron Bars — 3

u

Bomb Boy

Sawyers — Women —

S Children

Sue coink e.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1752.

Names of Forts Castle Slaves N Guns Pound.

Men 5 I 9?

3 4}

omen 2 2 3'

3 4}

*>3 Children 3 1 5 3

«2 47

<0 I 2f

Co 3 3 3

7 21

2 4 3

3 67

I 9(

I 53

Where mounted. Shot. N Powder Musquets. N Military Stores. N vessels.

From 2 Powder 7 11 hand xnoe

N. Baflion. Pound horns J 3 hand D" —

ers to 6 >360 none. Musquets — 6 Priming /

Pound wires > j3

W. Baflion. ers brafsladles 2

Worms — 7

Fathom

S. Baflion. Country }

Match) 40

E. Baflion. Coehorn — Bayonets — 1 6

Swords — 6

ne.curtain

Sawyers 4 8 3 I s.platform. Copper } <; handcanoes

Carpenters — 4 1 4 Differ' Sizes Dadles J Worms 6 2 hand DJ —

Northeast baflion.

Masons 2 2 6 I from 3 Formers — 3

f or all Uies — 43 5 4 SOUTHWEST. Baflion Pound^104 lb. Musquets 6 Match 50 lb.

2 4 S. e.baltion. ers to 6 Musquet 7

Sirk Swivel io S. W. Plat Pound Balls J 3

5 form. ers j Swords — 6

5 N. W. Ba Bayonets — 6

3 4i flion. Cartouch I

Boxes J 0

Halbert — I

Men — 6 2 4 7 From 1 7

Women I 1 f S. E. Baflion. Pound / Guns 6 Granadoes 3°

4 I93 er to q >241 3c wt. cutlasses — 3 Copper 7

3 4 S. w.bastion. Pound Ladles 3

2 2 IS n.e.baflion. ers j Worms — 5 Fathom

1 41 Country 7 20

I I tl s.w.bastion. Match i Powder 1

1 xj Horn S I

2 4 7 Unserviceab.

4 I 43 in thetower. N.B. All

hardly fit for Use.

None.

Men 8 2 3] 1 i From 3 Musquets 7 ihandgra?

Women 5 X 4 1 S. E. Baflion.1 Pounders to 6 IQ 2c.wt. withbay ( onets and ( 5 nadoes J allsorts of)

1 8 J j Pound Slings .] Military 1

1 6a SOUTHWEST. Baflion ers Swords — 5 Stores f

2 I 4 8i wanting J

-§ 1 3 f n.e.baflion

§ I 4) 1 in W. ba ilion.

3 A

2 3 Platform.

2 is Over the

I Gate.

None.

Accvti

A.D. 1752. Anno

Names

of Callle Slaves. N Guns. C o

Forts. PH

Men 7 3 6?

I 9f

Women >5 2 43

Children 4 2 6l

Canoe Men — 6 3 4 J

1 3 n

2 31

2 4 5

8 0 1

6 3 f

Men 33 7 3 I

Women 46 2 4 i

21

Children 27

3

2 6\

Canoe Men — 12 I 4 j

I 9?

2

3 3 3

7 31

2

2 43

Sawyers 4 5 4

Carpenters — 4 2 4

Smiths 4 4 L 6

ss

Q Masons 2 5 6.

c5 For all Uses — 43 1 4)

tt C

<2

HH Sick 5 s 6\

I n

is 4 Hi

I 12 ]

3 91

2 5

'5 i

8 O

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II.

C 40.

451

Where

mounted.

N. W. Bafiion. N. E. Ealtion

S. W. Ballion. S. E. Bullion. Platform.

Shot.

From 1 Pounder to9 Pound

N

>600

Powder Musquets.

5c. wt

Musquets —

N'

Military Stores. Np

handgra 1 5°

nadoes J

Spunges .3

Worms 8

Copper 3 Ladles J 1

Vessels.

7 hand Canoe hand Ditto 3 hand Ditto

NS.

W. Ballion.

S. E. Ballion.

N. E. Ballion.

Parade.

From;

Pound Copper 3 6

ers to9O OO C n A 240 lb. Musquets — Ladles)

Pound Blunder 3 Worms 2

ers) bulfes J 5

1 Eleven hand Ca > bad j

NT. W. Bullion, one of the Pound ers out of Repair.

N. E. Ballion.

S. E. Ballion the Pounders very bad, and 2 Guns wanting.

S. W. Ballion, 1 Gun want ing.

N. Half Moon

w.halfmoon.

Swivels unmounted.

imot fit forufc.

Of several different Sizes

}, o

Barrels, N 12, Muf

quet

Cartridges

filled,

200.

Musquets 3 in very badi repair j Cochorns —

48

Match — hand spikes Rammer heads J Cordage — Iron Crows

o

«7

9

o

0

Sloops, 20 3 Tonnes each > and 5 Guns j Long Boats — Canoes —

N.B. The Gun Carriages in good Repair, the Trucks mofi of them Iron; but in want of all Military Store

except what is mentioned under that Article.

452

C 41.

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II.

The Second SCHEDULE referred to in this Act.

To George Arnold Esquire, and Company, the Sum of 1321l. 15 s. and also the Sum of 500l. making together the Sum of -

d.

O of,

The Third SCHEDULE referred to in this Act.

To sum ash of Aldcrlrokc, for

STOCK. /. j. d.

6 17 6

The Sum of /. s. d. o 139lac.

The Fourth SCHEDULE referred to in this Act.

STOCK. I. s. d.

To Solomon Afoley, Esq; Jamesflrect, Westminster, for — — 350 0 o

The Sum of

/. r.

17 10 o ire.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for annexing certain Forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably, and for making satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the same; and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilising and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future.

so Geo. 2. CC

WHEREAS by an act made in the twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, (entitled, An Act for vesting in his Majesty the Estates of certain Traitors; and for the more effectually discovering the same,

and applying the Produce thereof to the Use of his Majesty; and for ascertaining and fati flying the lawful Debts 6 and Claims thereupon) it is (among other Things) enabled, That in case his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc

ceffot, shall not make eifeblual Provision for the Payment and Satisfaction of all such Debts and Claims

upon the Estates Real and Personal, by the said Abl vested in his Majesty, as shall be decreed to be just and lawful, in the Manner by the said Act directed, within the Space of twelve Months after the same shall be respectively adjudged, then it shall be lawful for the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, 1 or any three of them, and they are thereby required to sell, or cause to be sold, so much of the Estates of the attainted Persons, as they shall judge necessary to be sold for Satisfaction of the Debts and Claims affebling the same, and apply the Money arising by the Sale thereof respectively, in Discharge of the several Debts or Claims to which they shall be adjudged to be liable: Provided nevertheless, That if his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall, after the Expiration of the said Time, make eft eblual Provision for the Payment or Satisfaction of all the Debts or Claims upon any such Estate, and shall, before the same is sold, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Sign Manual, at any Time or Times, direct any such Estates not to be sold, then the said Barons shall not proceed in the Sale of any Eftatrs so prohibited 20 Geo. 2. c. 50. 4 to be sold: And whereas by another Act of the twentieth Year of the King, (entitled, An Act for taking away the Tenure of ward holding in Scotland, and for converting the same into Blanch and feu holdings; and for regulating the Casualty of Non entry in certain Cases; and for taking away the Cafn Ities of Single and Lif Rent Escheats incurred there, by Horning and Denunciation for Civil Causes; and for giving to Heirs and Successors there, a fimmary Process against Superiors; and for discharging the Attendance of vassals at Head Courts there; and for ascertaining the Services of Tenants there; and for allowing Heirs of Tailzie there, to sell Lands to the Crown for erecting Buildings, and making Settlements in the Highlands) upon a Recital that it hath been, and may be found necessary for the public Service to erebl Buildings, and make Settlements in certain Places in the Highlands of Scotland, it is enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person who is seized in, or possessed of, a Tailzied Estate i Scotland, to sell, dispone or resign, ad perpetuam remanentiam, any Part thereof, which his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think fit to purchase,

for erebiing of Buildings, or making Settlements within the same: And by one other Abl of the same 30 Geo. C 5] ' Year of the King, (entitled, An Act to enlarge the Time limited by an Act of the last Sffson of Parliament,

for refraining the use of the Highland Dress; to enable Heirs of Tailzie, Guardians, Tutors, Curators,

and Trustees in Scotland, to sell Lauds to the Crown) upon a Recital that it may be necessary for the Pre ' servation of the public Peace, and the further civilising of the Inhabitants of the Highlands of Scotland,

that Lands should be purchased there by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, which Lands may be subject to ftribt Tailzie, or belong to Infants, Pupils, Minors, Idiots, Lunatics, fatuous or furious Persons;

it is enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person who is seized in, or possessed of, a Tailzied Estate in Scotland, or for any Guardian, Tutor, Curator or Trustee of an Infant, Pupil, Minor, Idiot,

Lunatic, fatuous or furious Person, to sell, dispose or resign, ad perpetuam remanentiam, the Whole or any Part of such Tailzied Estate, or the Estate of such Infant, Pupil, Minor, Idiot, Lunatic, fatuous

or furious Person, which his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, may think fit to purchase for the Purposes aforesaid; Lands so purchased shall remain in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, unalienable

for ever, except as to the Power of granting Leases for seven Years, with a Diminution of a fifth Part of

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. c. 41. 453

the usual Rent only: And whereas to prosecute more effectually the good Purposes intended by the said in part recited Acts, in order to strengthen the Foundations of the future Tranquillity of this Kingdom,

it is necessary that some farther Provisions and Regulations be made; 'Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Lands, Lordships, Baronies, Patronages, Tythes, Fishings, and other like Heritages, which became Certain Forfeit, forfeited to his Majesty by the Attainder of the several Persons after named of High Freason, for their=j eftjtesan being engaged in the late unnatural and wicked Rebellion, and which were veiled in his Majesty by abovementioned at of the twentieth Year of his Reisjn; that is to say, the Lands and other Premises aw).ml which became forfeited by the Attainder of Simon late Lord Lovat; John Drummond, taking upon himself the Style or Title of Lord John Drummond, Brother to James Drummond, taking on himself the Title of Duke of Perth; George late Earl of Cromarty, and Archibald All Donald, Son of Col ail Donald of barrif dale as the same Lands, Lordships, Baronies, and other Premises, are more particularly enumerated and described in the title deeds, Rights and Infeoffments of the said attainted Persons, or their Predecessors, or in the Surveys already taken, or hereafter to be taken thereof, by the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, in pursuance of the Powers given to them by the aforesaid at of the twentieth Year of the King, by which the said Forfeited Estates were veiled in his Majesty, shall, together with all the Parts and Pertinents of the same, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, be, and be deemed to be, annexed to the Imperial Crown of this Realm, and shall be and remain for ever unalienable from the same; and all Grants, Charters, or other Rights, made or to be made, or granted, of all or any of the said Lands, Baronies, and other Premises, by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, excepting as is herein after excepted, shall be void to all Intents and Purposes.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained Right of ciaims shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away any Right, Title or Benefit whatsoever, which any nt injured. Person or Persons are, shall or may be entitled to, in virtue of any Claim or Claims that have been, or shall be duly entered in the Court of Session in Scotland, pursuant to the aforesaid Act, or in virtue of any Decree or Decrees that hath been or shall be made upon such Claims.

III. And to the End that Payment may be made to the just and lawful Creditors on the Forfeited Estates hereby annexed to the Crown, so far as the Value of such Lands and Premises, whereupon such Claims

shall have been sustained, shall respectively extend, and no further; Be it enacted by the Authority afore satisfaction to said, That Actions may be brought before the Court of Session, in the Name of his Majesty's Advocate, b made 10 Cre* agair.ft such Creditors, which shall and may be served against the Defendants, under the general Descrip [j. value, tion of the Claimants upon such Estates, by one Ediclal Citation, upon thirty Days Notice, to be affixed of such Lands.!" on the Walls of the Inner and Outer House of the Court of Session where the Rolls of Causes in that Court are usually affixed, in order to have the Value of such Forfeited Estates ascertained, upon a Proof brought before the said Court of the Rental and Value thereof; and in every such Action it shall and may be lawful for the Creditors on the said Estates to bring a joint Proof, and the said Lords of Session are hereby authorised and required to proceed in valuing the said Estates summarily, in setting which Valuation Regard shall be had to the ordinary Rates, at which like Lands and Estates have been sold in the same County; and the said Lords of Session shall thereafter, without Lois of Time, certify to the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, the Amount of the several Claims on such Forfeited Estates, with the Value of the Lands and Real Estate, upon which respectively the Claimants are just and lawful Creditors; and in such Cases where the Claims that have been sustained exceed the Value of the Lands and other Premises out of which they ought to be paid, that the said Lords of Session shall at the same Time certify the Order of Preference by which the said Claims ought to be paid, to the Extent of the Value that shall be certified as aforesaid; the said Barons of Exchequer are hereby authorised and required to transmit such Certificate or Certificates to the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and upon such Certificate or Certificates being made and transmitted, the Creditors respectively shall be paid out of the then next Aids to be granted in Parliament, according to the Order of Preference specified in such Certificate; so that the Sum to be paid to the creditors upon each of the said Estates shall not exceed the Value of such Estate certified as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, That out of the Value to be certified as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful, in Spences of the the first place, to deduct or retain the Expense that shall have been laid out by the Agents for the^ee"ls foj_ ttia Crown, in raising and prosecuting the Actions of Valuation and Ranking, and adjusting the Schemes of^'j" to t Division of the Value among the Creditors, as the same shall have been taxed and settled by the said Court of Session.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Decree of the Court ofdecrees concern session concerning the Valuation of such Estates, or the Ranking or Order of Preference of the cre in? fuel valna ditors thereon, shall be final and binding upon all Persons concerned, in case thirty Days, on any oftlon to b. c. final "which such Proceedings as are usual and competent by the Laws of Scotland for reversing or amending

such Decrees may be had, shall elapse without such Proceedings being had, made or commenced by either Parcy.

VI. And whereas, in such Cases, wherein the Claims upon the Lands, and other the Premises hereby annexed, shall clearly fall Short of the Value of such Lands and Premises upon which respsclively they shall have been entered and sustained, it will not be necessary to raise and prolecu'.c Actions of Valuation and Ranking in the Manner before prescribed; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Case where the total Claimsupon any Estate or Estates shall not exceed twenty year's Purchase, where the of the clear surveyed Rental, returned into the Court of Exchequer, of such. Estate or Estates, the said claims do act

?.*Lords.

454- C

4r.

Anno vicesimo quinto gf.orgii II A.D. 1752.

i>ac" h r Va's Lords, of seition are hereby authorised and required to certify to the Barons of Exchequer the Amount of same to be cer !e Claimsjuftained upon such Estate or Estates, which do not exceed the Value as aforesaid; the said

fitted;

and the Creditors to be paid cut of the nch.t Aids.

Power to purchase the Superiority of all other Estates held of subject Superiors,

Barons of Exchequer are hereby authorised and required to transmit such Certificate or Certificates, and also the clear annual Value of such Estate, appearing by such surveyed Rental as aforesaid, to the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and upon such Certificate or Certificates being transmitted, the Creditors respectively, whose Claims shall have been sustained, shall be paid out of the then next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

VIE And whereas certain other Lands and Estates became veiled in his Majesty by virtue of the before mentioned Act of the twentieth Year of his Reign, and the Attainder of high treason of the Persons following, namely, Donald Cameron of Lochiel, Charles Stuart of Arcljheil, Donald mcdonald of Kailoch Moydart, Evan m.ipherson of C'unie, Francis Buchannan of Arnprior, Donald mcdonald of Lochgary, C Allan Cameron of Callart, Francis Farquharson of Monaltry, and Alexandr mldonald of Keppocb; which Lands and Estates were held of Subject Superiors, who have entered Claims in the Court of Seflian to the Property thereof. And whereas it would be highly conducive to the good Purposes intended by this Act, that the said Lands and Estates should remain with his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by proper Persons to be appointed for that Purpose, under his or their Sign Manual, to t ran fact or compound with such Subject Superiors, or any of them, concerning their Claims to the Property of the said forfeited Estates held of them respectively, and also to treat and agree with the said Subject Superiors for the Purchase of the Superiority of the said Lands and Estates, and that the agreed Prices of such Superiorities, and also the Sums to be paid by way of Composition for such Claims of Property, shall be from Time to Time certified by the Persons authorised to treat for the same on the Part of the Crown, to the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being.

where thesupe viil. Provided always, That in every Case where such Superiority was subject to a ftribl Tailzie, the Tltria' Moneys to be paid as the Price thereof shall be laid out and settled in the Manner directed by the before taiiziahcvur mentioned Act of the twentieth Year of the King for enabling Heirs of Tailzie, and others in Scotland, to chase money to sell Lands to the Crown.

be laid out.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Property of any of the said

Lands held of Lands or Estates so claimed by such Subject Superiors as aforesaid, shall be finally determined to be for subjoois to be feited to his Majesty, or such Subject Superior shall be agreed or compounded with for such Claim in man CD m iu - ner herein before mentioned; then and in either of the said Cases, until such Superiorities shall be purchased as aforesaid, it shall and maybe lawful to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to vest, in such Manner as shall be agreeable to the Laws of Scotland, the said Lands and Estates held of Subject Superiors, or such Parts of the Lands and other the Premiflls herein before annexed to the Crown, as shall appear to have been formerly held of Subject Superiors, in one or more Trustee or Trustees, their Heirs and successors, to be renewed from Time to Time by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and which Trustee and Trustees, their Heirs and Successors, shall, according to the Forms of the Law of Scotland, be from Time to Time entered and received Vassals in the Lands, and other the Premises by the respective supe nd to be applied riors thereof, and shall hold the same in Trust for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and the said Lands

as th direct:

is Act

Heirs of such Trustees not t o incur the Passive

changed.

suchsuperioritiei as lh.il I be forfeited,

and Estates, with all the Rents, Blues and Profits thereof, shall be disposed of, and applied to the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned, and to none other, and shall be under the same Management, and subject to the same Rules, Orders and Directions, and the same Provisions for Payment of the lawful Debts thereon shall take place, that are by this Act made concerning the other Lands and Estates hereby annexed to the Imperial Crown of this Realm.

X Provided always, That the Heirs of such Trustee or Trustees, by making up Titles to such Trust Estates, shall not incur the Pafiive Titles, nor represent their Prcdeceflbis universally; any Law or Custom Titles, C to the contrary notwithstanding.

Trustees may be

XI. Provided also, That his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may change such Trustees, at his or their Pleasure, and present new ones from Time to Time, who shall be received by the immediate Superiors respectively for the Time being, without Payment of a year's Rent, or any other Composition.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whensoever the Property of any of the Lands or Estates so claimed by any Subject Superior, shall have been finally determined to be forfeited to his Majesty, or such Subject Superior shall have been agreed or compounded with for the time as aforesaid; ct pm chased, to and also the Superiority of such Lands shall have been purchased by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, Tiemb ao the ten^and Estates, whereof the Superiorities are so purchased, shall both Property and superio rmwn y °' C nty be from that Time annexed to the Imperial Crown of this Realm, and shall remain for ever unalienable from the same.

XIII. And whereas the Barony of Strowsn, and other the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which formerly belonged to Alexander Robertson of Stroivan, now deceased, became forfeited to the Crown, by Decree or Sentence of Forfeiture past in the Parliament of Scotland in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety, and now belong to and remain the Property of his Majesty; 'Be it further enacted stro.van annexed by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Barony and Lands be and are hereby annexed to the Imperial Dchls thereon Crown of this Realm, and shall be and remain for ever unalienable from the same, and the lawful to be paid. Debts thereon shall be paid in the same Manner as is provided concerning the Lands and Premises before the rent mentioned.

fid Eftaris huw"

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the clear Rents and Produce of the to be applied. Lands and Estates hereby annexed to the Crown, or directed to be held in Trust as aforesaid, shall be applicable in the Manner herein after mentioned, or in such other Manner as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors

The Barony of

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. c. 41. 455

cefi ors shall from Time to Time, by Warrants under his or their Sign Manual, be pler.fed to direct, to the Purposes of civilising the Inhabitants upon the Paid Estates, and other Parts of the Highlands and Blands of Scotland, the promoting among! them the Protestant Religion, good Government, Industry and Manufactures, and the Principles of Duty and Loyalty to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XV. And to the end that the Paid Lands and Estates may be managed, and the Produce thereof applied Conunifliowrt o in the most beneficial Manner for the Ends and Purposes afore raid; Be it further enacted by the Authority a: n, t'l y aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Oommiffiort' e, own' under the Privy Seal of Scotland, to authorise and empower such Person or Persons as his Majesty, h's

Heirs and Successors shall think fit, from Time to Time, to be Commissioners and Trustees for managing the Paid Estates, and applying the Produce thereof for the Ends and Purposes appointed by this Act.,

XVI. Provided always, and bo it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner to be ap without Salary, po nted for executing the Trusts in this Act as aforesaid, shall receive any Fee, Salary, Pension or Reward

for the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners to be appointedcomm!fi>onf, SAS aforesaid, shall have Power to grant Leases of the said Estates, or any Part thereof, for any Term not1?sramleale! exceeding twenty one Years; or if the Lessee shall enter into proper Covenants to lay out upon the Pre

raifles any Sum not less than five Years Rent, in Buildings or other Improvements, within the Space of seven Years from the Date of such Lease, then, and in such Case, and upon such Condition, for any Term not exceeding forty-one Years; all which Leases shall be subject to the Provisions, Conditions and Limitations herein after mentioned, and such other as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors shall, from Time to Time, by his or their Sign Manual, direfil and appoint.

XVIII. Provi icd always, That upon every such Lease there shall be reserved not less than three fourthscomiitlon of the of the real annual Value of the Premises so let; and that every Lease to be granted by such Commissioners, ti?afcs

shall contain a Clause for making the same void, in case the Lessee or his or her Heirs flnll assign or let the Premises, or any Part thereof, to any other Person, or shall suffer the same to be adjudged at the Suit of any Creditor, or shall not occupy, cultivate and be resident upon the Premises, or shall pay or cause to be paid, directly or indirectly, to or for the Use of any Person or Persons whatsoever, any Gratuity or f ine, or any annual Rent or Preftation, for or in consideration of his obtaining or holding the Lands or other Premises comprehended in such Lease, other than the Rent in such Lease expressed and covenacted to be paid to the said Commissioners for the Purposes in this Act directed.

XIX. Provided also, That every such Lease shall be absolutely void, unlcl the Lessee shall, before thel=a!", s unmaking thereof, have taken the oa.hs requisite by Law to qualify Persons to execute Offices of publickle! th

Trull in Scotland, at the Quarter sessions of the County where the Premises lie, or before the Sheriff et e ar s' Depute, or his Substitute; and that no Person shall be capable of taking or enjoying, directly or indi l°nds abovr the rectly, any Lands or Tenements, other than Mines or Fiihings, by virtue of such Lease or Leases, ofrcnt ot; o. greater annual Rent than twenty Pounds at the utrnofl

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall and may Commissioners have Power and Authority to bring Actions in their own Names, either in the Court of Session or sheriff'sr^t^and breach Court, not only for Payment of the Rents into the Hands of the Factors appointed for levying the same, o/comrsnu^ but also for Breach and nonperformance of the several Covenants contained in the Leases, under which the Lands shall be possessed.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall and may Commissioners have Power, by and with the Approbation of the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for yltb the Time being, to appoint Stewards, Receivers or Factors on the said Estates, with an Allowance notfd3"^\ tjt exceeding five Pounds per Centum of the Rental, who shall be bound respectively, with one or more fuf receivers ficient Surety or Sureties, in a Sum not less than two Years Rent of the Estate to be put under their Collection, to account to the said Commissioners for the full Rents of such Estates, and to pay in the clear Residue thereof to his Majesty's receiver-general of the Crown Rents and Casualties in Scotland, after Deduction and Allowance of the public Burdens and necessary Charges of Management; and upon their so accounting and paying in the Residue of the Rent as aforesaid, the said Commissioners are hereby i: n powered to grant Acquittances or Discharges to such factors from Time to Time.

XXII. Provided always, That the said Commissioners shall have Power to appoint Persons to officiate Factors to be as factors in the Interim, until the Factories granted by them shall be approved or disapproved of by thesppointed high Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Steward, Receiver or faclorpenait>'.0nf"c' on the said Estates, shall, during the Continuance of his Office, by himself or by any aether Person what s" ^11'5 any ever on his Account, directly or indirectly take, accept or receive from any of the Tenants or Possessors of "

such Estates, any Money, Gift, Present, Service or other Gratuity whatsoever, to the Use of such Factor, he shall incur, the Penalty of fifty Pounds Sterling, toties quoties, one Moiety thereof; o the Use of his Majesty, and the other to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered by summary Petition' or Complaint, upon fifteen Days Notice before the Court of Session, or before the sheriff's Court of the County.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall be, Comm iff, once and are hereby empowered, by and with the Approbation of the High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners Yrnh

of the Treasury for the Time being, to appoint Clerks and other necessary Officers, with proper and reasonable Salaries: And that the said Commissioners shall cause such Lands to be surveyed, and properpointcierksf&c. Plans to be made thereof, setting forth the Extent and different Qualities of the Grounds, the several Ad and cause Surve.

vantages bs

456 C 41. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1752.

vantages and Disadvantages arising from their Situation, and what Improvements may be made upon the same; which, with all other their Proceedings, shall be entered in Books to be by them kept for that purpose, and a faithful abstraist thereof shall by them be reported annually, or oftener if required, to the High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, who shall cause Copies of such Reports to be laid before both Houses of Parliament in every Session.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his ma jessy, his Pleirs and Successors, where any one or more of the Estates aforesaid comprehend whole Parishes, belonging in Property to the Crown, which they shall judge to be of too large an Extent to be under the Charge of one Minister, to divide such Parishes into two or more, by Warrant or Grant to be pasted under the Privy Seal of Scotland, which shall prescribe the Bounds of the new erected Parishes, and grant competent Provisions to the Ministers of such Parishes, to be paid out of the present Maintenance for the with a Stipend to Minister of the old Parish, and the Remainder out of the Rents of the said Estates, but so as the Stipend to the Minister. be settled on one Minister shall not exceed fifty Pounds Sterling per Annum, in Money or Value; and upon Production of such Grant before the Commissioners for Plantation of Kirks and Valuation of Tythes, they are hereby required and empowered to interpose their Authority thereto, in such manner as to render the Provision thereby made effectual to the Ministers serving the Cure in such new erected Parishes.

pjtrr.nnge of

XXVI. Provided always, That the Patronage of sich new erected Parishes, whereof the Stipend shall rl ihh "'bel be wholly, or the greater Part thereof paid out of the Rents of the said Estates, shall belong to and for ever to the Crown reman united to the Crown; saving and reserving to all Persons their Rights and Titles to the Tythes of Relegation of Much old Parishes, and to the Patronage of the disjoined or new Parishes to the Minister whereof the old Tythes, C Stipend shall be allocated, as the whole or greater Part of his Provision; also saving and reserving to the Incumbent for the Time being, when such Division or new erection shall be made during his Incumbency, the Stipend or Maintenance he shall then be possessed of, although the same should exceed fifty Pounds Sterling in Money or Value.

XXVII. And whereas it may happen that other Persons may have Interest or Property in some of the Parishes which his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, may judge proper to be divided be it enacted by The new free. by the Authority aforesaid, That all such new Divisions or Erections of Parishes, in which other Persons iste^in which besides his Majesty shall have an Interest, either as Heretors, Patrons or Titulars of the T ythes in the Parish ether persons or Parishes to be disjoined, or in the new Parish to be erected, shall be made by Authority of the Court of have an interest, Commission for Plantation of Kirks and Valuation of Tythes in Scotland, upon an Action to be raised and to be settled. pursued in the Name and at the Instance of his Majesty's Advocate for Scotland, and which he is hereby enabled to raise and carry on, whether any of the other Heretors who have an Interest in the said Disjunction and new erection shall consent or not, and which Court of Commission shall have Power, and is hereby required to settle and determine, according to the Rules of Law and Justice, all such Questions, Debates and Controversies as may arise touching the said new erections; and every such Decree of the said Court of Commission shall be final and binding upon all Parties concerned, in case thirty Days, on any of which such Proceedings as are usual and competent by the Laws of Scotland for reversing or amending such Decrees may be had, shall elapse, without such Proceedings being had, made or commenced by any of the Parties therein concerned.

Crown maycrca

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Schools; for bjs Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to erect public Schools on the said Estates, or in other Parts of the Highlands or Islands of Scotland, for instructing young Persons in reading and writing the English Language, and in the several Branches of Agriculture and Manufactures, and to erect Houses for the Reception of such young Persons, and for carrying on such Manufactures by them, and for the accommodating such Mailers as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners to instruct and teach them, and to apply such Parts of the Produce of the said Estates as shall be necessary for erecting such Schools, providing competent Salaries for such Teachers, and for the clothing and maintaining such young Persons, and for supplying such Schools with Utensils and Materials for Agriculture and Manufactures, and for the raising of Flax, and for such other like Uses as by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors shall be thought proper for promoting the Purposes aforesaid and impowerxxix. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Commissioneri to Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to empower the said Commissioners to allot Portions of Land out of the allot or purchase said Estates to the Use of such Schools as may be erected on the said Estates, or to apply such Part of the thereof; ° 'clear Rent of such Estates as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors shall think proper, in the Purchase of

Portions of Land to be allotted to the ul'e of such Schools as shall be erected in other Parts of the Highlands or Islands of Scotland.

and to grant

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to his ma t*ttliccmwn'jc^y'his blcirs ard Successors, to authorise and empower the said Commissioners to grant out in Property for building' "'such Parts and Portions of Ground, not exceeding ten Acres to one Person, as may be sufficient for build fionfes, and for ing convenient dwelling houses, out houses and Gardens, to Persons well affected to his Majesty's Person Guldens, CCC and Government, and who shall be duly qualified by taking the Oaths to the Government, who shall oblige themselves to erect Buildings, and make Gardens thereupon; which Portions of Ground shall be by the Grantees held feu of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for Payment of a yearly Feu Duty, equal to such a Proportion of the Rent as the said Commissioners shall find to correspond to the Ground to be feued out by them: And in respect that such small Feus cannot bear the Charges of passing the Seals, and other Charges necessary for making out the Titles of Lands held of the Crown; it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors to authorise and empower the said Commissioners to grant Charters,

containing

Where Estates comprehend whole p tvifties, the Crown may divide the same into more Parishes j

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II.

C 4j. 457

containing Precepts of Sasine, to be held feu of his Majesty as aforesaid, and also to grant all Charters,

Precepts of clare.conjiat, and other Writings necessary for entering their Heirs and singular Successors.

XXXI. Provided always, That any peri on who shall reside in any dwelling house erected upon any_pc!', ')ils refidjnj Portion of Land, which shall have been granted for that Purpose in Manner as aforesaid, shall, during his nnfuj" j^ Residence in such House, be capable of holding a Lease from the said Commissioners of any other Part of^tbfr Paits of the said Estates, within the Distance of five Miles from such House, subject to all the other Conditions the Mates, and Limitations of this Act:; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And whereas it hath been found a great Obstruction to the Course of Justice in the High lands, that many Parts thereof are far remote from any Royal Burgh or County gaol be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue crown may erefl: cessors, by and out of the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Estates aforesaid, to cause Prisons to bepr'r°ns erected and maintained on such Parts of the aforesaid Lands, or other Parts of the Highlands or Islands of Scotland as they shall think fit, for the Custody of Prisoners for Crimes or Offences; and that such Prisons so erected shall be held to be lawful Prisons for the Purpose aforesaid; the Commissioners to be namedconim, ffi?ners as aforesaid _ hereby empowered to appoint Gaolers for the keeping of such Prisons, and to assign reasonable Wages, to be paid by the Factors on such Estates, with proper Allowances from Time to Time, "'for the Maintenance of indigent Prisoners; and the said Commissioners are hereby further empowered to j appoint Baillies over the said Estates, or any Village or District thereof; which Baillies shall have all theani Powers over such Estates, that are now by Law competent to Baron Baillies, and shall further have Power to commit Offenders to the next sure Prison within the County, although not within the Territory of such Baillie himself.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty's Receiver generalrcnts to be re for Scotland shall reserve the Moneys that shall come into his Hands out of the Rents of the said Estates, for Served to answer answering such Orders as shall be made upon him by the said Commissioners, in pursuance of the Powers the Orders of the that shall be granted, and the "Warrants and Directions that shall be given to them from Time to Time byc° "n>issioners. his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, concerning the Application of the Rents of the said Estates, for the

Ends and Purposes aforesaid, and for no other Ends or Purposes whatsoever.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until the final Deter till the claims mination of the Claims that have been or shall be duly made or entered in the Court of Session in Scotlandbe °ye'nc'1 to or upon the aforesaid Estates, it shall and may be lawful for the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to cause to be applied so much of the Rents and Profits of the Estates for" defraying the aforesaid as they shall find necessary for defraying the Expenses of Management thereof, and of litigatingexpence of nu and difeufling such Claims; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. ff?!ng th'

citaces.

Enforced by 31 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. XLII.

An act to render valid and effectual all Contracts and Agreements which shall be made by the Commissioners or Govrrnors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Purchase of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for the finishing and completing the said Hospital; for ascertaining the Recompense that shall be made for the same.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of hissgeo. e, c. 19, present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Ejrates for felted by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radcliffe, the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich were required to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a workman like Manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons in that Session of Parliament: And whereas one Parcel of Land on the West Side of the said Hospital, whereon a final] House lately flood, in the Occupation of Benjamin Hipkins, Barber, and commonly known by the Name of Cards House, containing at the South End eleven Feet six Inches, at the North End ten Feet leven Inches, on the East Side fifteen Feet five Inches, and on the West Side fourteen Feet eleven Inches, be the same more or less; one other Parcel of Land on the East Side of the said Hospital, whereon several Koufcs formerly flood, belonging to the Trustees of Morden College, and now in the Possession of the said Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital,

are necessary to be purchased, in order to finish the said Royal Hospital according to the said Plan; which by reason of Infancy, and other Disabilities, the Commissioners or Governors of the said (Loyal Hospital have not been able to purchase May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners or Governors of the said Governors Im royal Hospital, or any seven or more of them, to purchase, and also for all Bodies Politic, Corporate orp0w<: red "c°n collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Mortgagee and Mortgagees, Trustee and Trustees, Feoffee and Feoffees, in Trust for any Lharity, or otherwise. Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Lands dc of any Infant, Idiot or Lunatic, and ail Executors and Administrators, and other Persons whatsoever, fenbed, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their

458

where Parties refuse to treat.

a Jury is to be impanelled.

C 42. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1752.

Cestuique Trusts, and the respective Mortgagor and Mortgagors, and other Person and Persons entitled to any Equity of Redemption, who are or shall be seized or pofi elsed of, or interested in, ail or any of the Premises herein before described, or any Part or Parts thereof, to convey the same respectively to the said Commissioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital, or any seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them, Ihfil appoint, in Trust for the Commissioners or Governors of the said Royal Elospital: And that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales and Conveyances, which shall be made by such Persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in Law, to all Intents anj Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Efhte, Interest, Use, Equity of Redemption, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of their several and respective Cestuique Trulls, whether Infants or Jfiae unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or Eemes Covert, or other Persons whatsoever, and all claiming or to claim by, from or under them, or any of them: And the said premiltes so conveyed shall be, and are hereby declared to be vested in the said Commissioners or Governors, or in such Person or Persons as by the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them, shall be so appointed as aforesaid, from the time of such Conveyance made in fee simple, freed and discharged of all Claims, Demands, and Equity of Redemption, of any Person or Persons, either at Law or in Equity; any Law, Statute, Usage or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: And that all such Persons as aforesaid, so conveying as aforesaid, are and shall he indemnified for what they do, or shall do, by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act; And if it shall happen that any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons seized or possessed of or interested in the said two Parcels of Land and Premises before particularly described, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon Notice to them given, or left in Writing at the dwelling house or Houfis, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the said Parcels of Land respectively; in case the same be untenacted, by affixing the same on some notorious Part thereof, shall for the Space of twenty-one Days after such Notice given, left or affixed as aforesaid, refuse or delay to treat and agree for the Sale and Conveyance thereof, or of their respective Estates and Interests therein, with the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them, or with airy Person or Persons authorised by them, or any seven or more of them; or shall refuse to produce a Litis to such of the Premises before described as they are in Pofifession of, or to the Interest they claim, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them; that then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioner or Governors, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby empowered and authorised to ill tie a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriff of the County of Kent for the Time being, who is hereby authorised, directed and required accordingly to impanel, summon and return a competent Number of honcll, substantial and disinterested Persons, qualified to serve on Juries, not less than twenty-four, nor more than forty-eight; and out of such Persons so to be impanelled, summoned and returned, a Jury of twelve Persons shall be drawn by the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them, or by some Person to be by tiiem, or any seven or more of them, for that Purpose appointed, in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues in His Majesty's Courts at ip eliminster, by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of fur its, are directed to be drawn; which Persons so to be impanelled, summoned and returned as aforesaid", are hereby required to come and appear before the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed; and to attend therefrom Day today till discharged by the said Commissioners or Go, ernors, or any seven or more of them; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array, for Affinity or any other Cause whatsoever; and the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorised by Precept or Precepts, under their Hands, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall be thought proper or necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses before them, on their Oath or Oaths, or on their solemn Affirmation, if the Person or Persons so to be examined be of the Profession of the People called Quakers, touching and concerning the Premises; and the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them, if they think ht, shall and may likewise authorise the said Jury to view the Place or Places, or Matters in question, in such Manner as they shall direct; and the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them, shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Day today, as Occasion shall require; and to command such Jury, Witnesses and Parties, to attend until all such Affairs for which they were summoned shall be concluded; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths or solemn Affirmation to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to administer) shall inquire of the Value of such Premises before particularly and shall assess the Sum or Sums to be paid for the Purchase thereof respectively; and the said jombepurchase Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them, shall and may give Judgement for such Sum 21-c. 'and Sums of Money so to be afifeffed; which said Verdict or Verdicts, and the said Judgement, Decree or

Determination thereupon, (Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons interested, at least twenty Days before the Time of such Assessment, declaring the Time and Place of the Meeting of the said of or Governors, and Jury, by leaving such Notice at the dwelling house of such Person or Persons, or at his, her or their usual Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the said Parcels of Land intended to be valued and assessed, or by fixing such Notice on some notorious Place on tyre same Premises., in case the Premises are untenacted, and such Party cannot be found in the said

County

Jury may view the Place in qucaion

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. c. 42. 459

session, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, or otherwise hewsoever; and the said Verdicts, Judgments and Decrees so to be made, given and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed and sealed by any seven of the Commissioners or Governors present at the making and pronouncing the same; and such Verdicts, Judgments and Decrees of the said Commissioners or Governors, and Jiirics, laj entered shall be transmitted to and kept amongst the Records of the Quarter sessions for the County of Kent; an<ij!*1 e"

shall be deemed and taken to be Records to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the same, or trues°ffionl -

Copies thereof, shall be taken to be good and effectual Evidence and Proof in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever; and all Persons may have Recourse to the same gratis. and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding two hundred Words, sixpence, and foin proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

II. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be awarded or adjudged for the Purchase of the said Premises, or any Part thereof, the Person or J" Sum Persons entitled thereto shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid and legal awurti.d. Conveyances, Alignments and Assurances in the Law, to the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them, or to any Person or Persons to whom the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them, shall appoint, in Trust for the said Commissioners or Governors, of the said Premises, for which Sum or Sums of Money were so awarded; and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Assignmenti and Assurances; and shall do all Acts, Matters and Tilings, necessary or requisite to make a clear, good and perfect Title to, or in Trust for the said Commissioners or Governors; and such Conveyances, Alignments and Assurances, shall contain all such reasonable and usual Covenants as shall, on the Part of the said Commissioners or Governors, be required; and in If the Tlt, <: case any such Person or Persons, to whom such Money shall be awarded as aforesaid, shall not evince a good cewve'

T itle to the said Premises to the said Commissioners or Governors, and make, or procure to be made, good ance mijcj y

and legal Conveyances thereof, or shall refuse so to do, being thereunto required, such Sum and Sums of

Money so awarded as aforesaid, being ready to be paid to" him, her or them, on making such Title,

and executing and procuring to be executed such Conveyances, Alignments or Assurances as aforesaid,

and for that Purpose tendered at the Council Chamber of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich; or if in or

case any Person or Persons inti tied to the Premises, for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so^jj01 C 0jn '

awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found in the said County of Kent; or in case that by reason of Disputes V

depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Defeift of Evidence, it shall not appear to the said Commissioners or Governors, or ariy seven or more of them, what Person or Persons is or are entitled to

the Premises in question; then, and in all and every or any such Case and Cases as aforesaid, ittlis Purchase

shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them, ^to^hcbank't

to order such Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, as the Value of, and purchase money for, 'l ° 5

the said Premises, to be paid into the Bank of England, for the Use of the Parties interested in the said

Premises, to be paid to them, and each and every of them, according to their respective Estates and Interests

in the said Premises, at such Times as the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more

of them shall, by Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands, order and direift; and the Cashier and Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum and Sums, is and are hereby required to

give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum and Sums, mentioning and specifying for what Premises, and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay such Sum or Sums into the

Bank of England as aforesaid; which Receipt or Receipts shall be entered on Record, and registered amongst

the Records of the Quarter sessions for the County of Kent; and immediately on such Payment and Re and the Right

giftry, all the Estate, Right, Title, Use, Trust, Property, Equity of Redemption, Claim and Demand, draftees"'&

in Law and Equity, of all and every Person and Persons for whose Use such Money was paid, of, in, to,

from and out of the said Premises, or any Part thereof, shall vest in such Person or Persons as shall be

named for that Purpose by the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them; and such Person or Persons shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof, and to be seized thereof in

see flmple, freed and discharged from all Claims, Demands and Equity of Redemption, either at Law or

in Equity, to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually as if all and every Person and Persons, having any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Interest or Equity of Redemption, of, in, to, from or out of the said Premises, had actually conveyed the same by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale enrolled,

Feoffment with Livery of Seilin, Fine and Recovery, or any other Conveyance whatsoever; and such Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Equity of Redemption, Claim and Demand of the Person or Persons to whose Use such Payment was made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife or Wives of such Person or Persons, and all Estates Tail, and Remainders as fully and effectually as a Fine or Recovery would do or would have done, if levied by proper Parties in due Form of Law,

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for n Petition of the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them, after such Payment into the Bank, p^emifres^ f.nd Registry as aforesaid, on the Petition of any Person or Persons in Possession of the Premises, at the tj, e Commit Time the Money was so paid into the Bank, to place out or invest, or cause to be placed out or invested, fionersmay im es such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, insome of the public Funds, or on Government Secu the Money in

Nnn 2 xity, 1'12funds=&u

460 C 42. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1752.

rity, gt interest, in the Name of the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them, or in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them, for that Purpose, in Trust to transfer and assign the same to such pc rfon or Persons to whom the Premises belong, on his, her or their executing proper Conveyances thereof; and in the mean Time in Trust to pay the interest and Dividends arising therefrom, to such Person or Persons as was or were in Possession of the said Premises at the Time of the said Payment into the Bank; and the said Commissioners or governqrs, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered^to make such Order as aforesaid on the Bank, for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof as shall be necessary, in order to their being so invested in publick Securities: And the said Commissioners or Governors shall be quieted in the Possession of the Lands and Premises, for which such money is so paid as aforesaid; shall not be answ, ruble or accountable for the same, in any Court of Law or Lquity, other wise than according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

Where tin Tie

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That if any Contrail: shall be made for the mififcs aremort Purchase of any prernilfcs in Mortgage, or any Sum or Sums shall, in Manner as before mentioned, be ciwe mean Ur" assessed or awarded as the Value of such mortgaged Premises, and the Person or Persons entitled to the may be veiled in Equity of Redemption thereof cannot be found, that then, and in every such Case, the Money so con the Funds, for traded for, or assessed or awarded, shall, by the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of hisui'e, C them, be veiled in any of the publick Funds; and the interest or Dividends thereof shall be paid to such Mortgagee, until the Person entitled to such Equity of Redemption hall make out his Title thereto; and in case any such Person or Persons so entitled to such Equity of Redemption, shall not, within five Years next after the investing such Moneys in the publick Funds, exhibit his, her or their Bill in the High Court of Chancery, or in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at ifejnuinjirr, in order to litigate the same, he, she or they shall for ever thenafter he debarred therefrom; and at any Time after the End of such five Years (no Bill being exhibited as aforesaid) such Money so invested in the publick Funds shall be paid, or the Securities for the same assigned to such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or their legal Representative or representatives; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

pofrjhbr to deli V And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who is, are or shall be in pof ver up the Pre session of the Lands and Premises, or any Part thereof, so to be purchased by the said Commissioners or davit" 11 Governors, or any seven or more of them, or for which any purchase money shall be lo assessed or awarded a; s 011cl! as aforesaid, shall, upon twenty-one Days Notice in Writing, left at or affixed on the said Premises, or any Part thereof, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them, or to any Person or Persons who shall, by the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them, be authorised to receive the same; and in and on Refusal, case any Person or Persons shall refuse so to do, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said com the Sheriff is to missioner or Governors, or any seven or more of them, to ifllie their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of deliver the County of Kent, to deliver Possession of the Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver Possession thereof accordingly, and to levy such Costs, which shall accrue from the Issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts, on the Person or Persons so refilling to give Possession as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her or their Goods.

Moneys p. ild to

VI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money, to be c0ffftprte paid to anybody Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffee or Feoffees in Trust, ^d^'guardiun, Committee, or other Trustee or Trustees, in pursuance of this Act, shall be by them respectthe Purchase of tively laid out in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and settled to and upon, and Lands, Sec. subject to such ities, Ufis, Trulls, Limitations, Remainders and Contingencies, as the said Lands and Premises, so to be purchased by the said Commissioners or Governors as aforesaid, were settled, limited and allured at the Time of such Sale so made respectively, and shall and may be held and enjoyed accordingly; and that in the mean time, until such Purchase made, such Money shall be veiled in loine of the pfd nek Funds orgovernment Securities at interest, and the interest shall be paid to such Person or Persons as would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased, in case the same were purchased and settled, pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

In Default of Ju

VII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That in case of any Default of a sufficient Number of jury lymcn, the She men to be sworn, pursuant to this Act, the Sheriff for the County of Kent shall return other honest and riff may return indifferent Men of the standers by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Sendee, subject to stampers by. such Challenges as aforesaid; and the Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them, shall from Time to.time have Power to impose any reasonable Fine on the said Sheriff, hisunder sheriff, Bailiffs Sheriff, and otheror Agents respectively, or on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury or Persons neglect Jurjcs as flyall not appear or refuse to be sworn on such Jury, or being sworn, shall refuse to give a Verdict, may be fined?' or 'n ally other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act;

and likewise upon such Person or Persons summoned to give Evidence, who shall refuse to appear or give Evidence, and from Time to Time to levy such Fine or Fines, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them, by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, rendering the Overplus, if any; and all such Fines shall be applied to the Use of the said Royal Hospital.

Governors ni.iy

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for cthaandac tic Commissioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital, or any seven or more of them, to purchase

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. c. 43 — 44- 461

chase any other Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which hull be thought necessary for thewh; ch shall i e finishing the Laid Royal flospital, according to the said Plan; and that it shall and may be lawful to and thought ncaf for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Mortgagee and More; -; > Trustee and Trustees, Feoffee and Feoffees in Trust for any Charity or otherwise, Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees of any Infant, Idiot or Lunatic, and all Executors and administrators, and other Persons whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trulls, and the respective Mortgager and Mortgagers, and other Person and Persons entitled to any Equity of Redemption, who are or frnll be seized or possessed of or interested in any such Houses, Lands or Hereditaments, to convey the same respectively to the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as the Lid Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them shall appoint, in Trust for the said commissioner or Governors; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales and Conveyances which shall be made by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be gooj and valid in Law, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest,

Use, Equity cf Redemption, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of their several and respective Celluique Trulls, whether Infants, or Iliue unborn, Lunatics, Idcots, or Femes Covert, or other Persons whatsoever, and all claiming, or to claim, by, from or under them, or any of them: And the said Premilies so conveyed shall be, and are hereby declared to be, vested in the Lid Commissioners or Governors, or in such Person or Persons as by the said Commissioners or Governors, or any seven or more of them shall be so appointed as aforesaid, from the Time of such Conveyance made, in fee simp!e, freed and discharged of all Claims, Demands and Equity of Redemption, of all and every Person and Persons. at Law or in Equity; any Law, Statute, Usage or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: And that all such Persons as aforesaid, so conveying as aforesaid, are and shall be indempnified for what they do or shall do by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act: And in case the said Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital cannot, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of Marcblf such otw one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, purchase such other Messuages, Lands and Premises as may lans cannot be be thought necessary for the finishing the said Royal Hospital according to the said Plan, upon such terms^efure as they shall think reasonable; that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to finish Hospital not to the said Royal Hospital in such Manner as most conveniently may be, without waiting for or expediting tote delayed, purchase any such Premises.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners or Governors, Possession of the

or such Person or Persons to whom they, or any seven or more of them, shall appoint any Conveyances tocommloners be made, or in whom the said Premises shall be veiled by virtue of this Act, shall not be dillurbed or C

dered in the quiet Possession and Enjoyment thereof, on Pretence of any want of Form or other Defect in

the Proceedings hereby directed; but that it shall and maybe lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Claimants may barred of any Right, Title, Interest, Equity of Redemption, Claim or Demand whatsoever, in, to or out^1*16 Receivers of the said Premilies, or any Part thereof, to bring any Action or Actions for Money had and received tcvot plirc, iafe' his, her or their Use, against any Person or Persons who received the purchase money for such Premilies mone respectively; and, on Proof of such Title as would have enabled them to recover such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or any Estate or Interest in the same, that then and in every such Case, they shall recover the said purchase money, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to their Interest in the said Premilies, together with such Interest as shall be equivalent to their Interest therein, which they might have been entitled unto in case this Act had not been made.

X. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed to bepublick A, public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and Port of Liverpoole, anti Liberties thereof, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

PR.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough in the County of York; and for making the said Act more effectual.

PR.

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[5 Geo. 2. C u,

intituled, An act to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough in the County of York, it was enacted, That to the End that the said Pier might be enlarged, extended and improved, and kept in Repair, that from and after the twenty-fourth Day o If line one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two,

until the twenty fourth Day of fune one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and also from the said twenty-fourth Day of June seventeen hundred and thirty-two, to the twenty-fourth Day of June seven teen hundred and eighty-three, the several Duties therein mentioned should be respectively answered and paid to the Bailiffs and Burgesses of Scarborough aforesaid, and their Successors, as they in Common Council

C 45 — 50. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1752.

assembled, or the major Part of them, should from Time to Time, under their Common Seal, order and appoint; and by the said Act several Powers and Authorities were granted to and vetted in the said Bailiffs and Burgesses, and their Successors, for the better collecting the said Duties, and carrying on the said Work, and executing the several Trusts thereby in them reposed: And whereas great frauds and Abates have of late Years been committed in the Execution of the several Trutls reposed in the said and burgettes of Scarborough aforesaid by the said Act, particularly by the Misapplication of the Sum of three thousand Pounds, which had been raised by the said Bailiffs and Burgesses of Scarborough, in Common Council assembled, by Mortgage of the new Pier Duties payable at Newcastle; which faij Sum of three thousand Pounds, and also the Sum of three hundred and seventy nine Pounds eight Shillings and fourpence, have been by the said Bailiffs and Tome of the burgettes and Members of the said Borough of Scarborough, applied in Discharge of their own Bonds, and private Debts and Engagements, or retained in their Hands, and no Part thereof applied according to the Directions of the said Act; whereby the Works of the said Pier have been in a great measure neglected, and the laudable Intentions of the Legislature frustrated, and rendered ineffectual, to the manifetl Detriment of the Public To the End therefore that the like Frauds and Abuses may be prevented for the future, and that the several Sums of Money arising from the several Duties given and granted by the said last recited Act, for and towards the enlarging, extending, improving and repairing the said Pier, may be duly applied to the purposes deffgned by the said Act, and for the better maintaining and supporting the Harbour of Scarborough aforesaid; which cannot effectually be done, but by diverting the said Bailiffs and Burgesses of all Powers and Authorities given them by the said Act, and by vetting the lame in other Trustees; May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, (Ac.

"The Powers granted by the recited Act to the Bailiffs and Burgesses to cease. New Commissioners "; with Power to audite the Accounts of all Moneys received and ditbursed by virtue of the "recited Act. Duties and Forfeitures to be paid to the Commissioners or their Order. The Commis "at their first Fleeting to choose a Clerk, Surveyor and Receiver of the Duties. Accounts to be "stated yearly, and to lie open for publick inspection. Accounts to be laid before the Justices, and passed by them. 5l. Penalty on Persons prejudicing the Harbour by emptying Ballast, cor otherwise, and "to be levied by Ditlrefs and Sale. For want of Distress the Offender to be committed. Stones may be £' taken from watte Grounds, &c. for the Works of the Pier, paying 5 s. by the Year to the Corporation. "bailiff's, C to deliver upon Oath all Books and Writings relating to the Duties, on Penalty of 20l. "Bailiffs, (Ac, not repaying their Proportions of the Moneys misapplied, or retained in their Hands, with "Interetl, may be sued by the Commissioners, and the Charges thereof to be paid out of the Duties, (sc. "No Part of the Act of 5 Geo. 2. hereby repealed, except what relates to the Appointment of the Bai "(Ac. The Powers thereby granted, to vest in the Commissioners. Rights, &c. of the Burgesses "

CAP. XLV.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and County of the City of Canterbury, and the Liberties and Precincts of the same.

PR.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Alemouth through the Town of Alnwick to Rotbbury, and from thence to the Town of Hexham; and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road between Alnwick and Rothbury, to jockey's Dike Bridge in the County of Northumberland.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. XL VII

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the east End of Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of York, to New Mahon, and from thence to Scarborough in the North Riding of the County of York; and also from spittle house, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Part of the Rond (directed to be repaired by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, from Carlisle to Navcastle upon Tyne) near Glenwelt, to another Part of the Road (so making trom Carlisle to Navcastle) upon Sheldon Common in the County of Northumberland. PR. [Certain foils granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for repairing the Highroad from the Town of Shrewsbury through Crcffage, Harley, Much jvcnlock, by Muckley Cross, and through Morville to Bridgenorth in the County of Salop.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. L

An Act for repairing the Road from the north End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lews, to Hitch Cross, and from the north End of Mailing Street aforesaid, to the Broil Park Gate; and from Ojfham

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II. c. 51 — 60.

to Witch Cross aforesaid, all lying within the County of Sussex.

PR.

[Certain tolls granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. LI.

An Act for amending and making more effectual several Acts for amending the Roads from the City of London to East Grinstead in the County of Sussex, and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston in the county of Surrey; and for more effectually repairing the Road from Newington through Camberwell in the said County to Neva Cross in the County of Kent, and for repairing and widening the Road from Camberwell Green to the Fox under the Hill in the Parish of Camberwell. PR. [The Acts 6 Geo. i. C 26. C amended.]

CAP. LII.

An Act for widening and repairing the Road from Comb Bridge in the county of Somerset to Bradford in the county of Wilts, and from thence through Hilperton, and so far over Ashton Common as to join the Road which leads from Steeple Ashton to Trowbridge; and also the Road leading from Bradford aforesaid to Cockhill Gate in the said County of Wilts.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. LIII.

An Act for repairing the Road from Knaresborough in the County of York, by Longflat Lane, Gouldsborough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton Mauleverer, and Scats Moor, to Green Hammerton in the same County; and for making the lame a High Carriage Road.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. LIV.

An Act for amending the several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton in the county of Somerset.

PR.

[Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. LV.

An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby in the West Riding of the County of York to the Town of Leeds, and from thence in two several Branches, one through Bradford and Horten, and the other through Botvling and jvibfey, to the Town of Halifax in the same Riding, as relates to that Part of the said Roads which lies between Leeds and Halifax. PR. [The Act 14 Geo. 2. c. 32. amended.]

CAP. LVI.

An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard in the County of Hereford, to the several Places called the Halfway Ash in the Parish of Docklow, Herefordshire sake in the Parish of jvhitburne, Perry Bridge in the Parish of Stoke Bliss, leading through the several Parishes of Edwin, Ralph, Collington, and the Hamlet of Little Kyre, Sapey jvood in the Parish of Upper Sapey, bishop's Froome, jvoofer wood Gate, and Hersfordfiire Lake, in the said Parish of Bromyard, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. LVII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough in the County of Leicester through Desborough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton Sc agrave and Thrapston in the county of Northampton, and through Bythorne, Spaldwick and Ellington, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton in the County of Fluntingdoru

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harivood, to the South Welt Corner of the Enclosures of Harrogate; and from thence in two Branches (one through Ripley over Burr age Green, and the other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon; and from thence to the first Rill of Water, or Watercourse, on Hutton Moor in the County of York; and for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said Moor. PR. [certaintolls granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. LIX.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Chippenham Bridge in the County of Wilts to the L of of Togg Hill in the County of Gloucester; and from Chippenham Bridge aforesaid to the Top of Old Sodbury Hill in the said County of Gloucester.

PR.

[Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.]

CAP. LX.

An Act for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from the Welt End of Upton Bridge in the County of ivorcpjler to the Parish of Tie lay in the County of Gloucejiti:, and to the Parish of Colwall in the County of Hereford; and to the further Side of a Place called The Rid Green, in the Road to the City of ivorctjhr, and through a Place called Roberts End Street to Malvern Chase in the said County of jvor eejier, ipr. [Certain Polls granted for 21 Years.]

Ana

464

Clause in 25 Geo. 2. c. 27. §. 1. A of the j<itt Session for converting Annuities into a Joint Stock.

Books to be kep open at the Bank for receiving subscriptions to 5 April 1753.

Geo. 1. c. 19.

13 R. 2.^7. 1. r. 13. Sf'. & M. L o.9sl.n. C 25.

Suits for pecuniary Penalties for Offences committed after

C is 2. A.D. 1753 Anno Regni GEORG 11 II Regis Magnas Britannia, Francis 8c

Hibernia, vicesimo sexto.

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the tenth Day of November, Anno Domini one 6 f %. thousand seven hundred and forty seven, in the twenty first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign

A. JL Lord GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Irelanr/, King, Defender of the Faith, C and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the eleventh f Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three. Being the sixth Session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three; and for enlarging the Time limited by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for fufcfcribing Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, into the Joint Stock of Annuities therein mentioned.

EXP.

C LXIII A, ND whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, (entitled, An Act for aeon j.ss. vesting the several Annuities therein mentioned, into several Joint Stocks of Annuities, transferrabh at the Bank England, to be charged on the Sinking Fund, and also for consolidat ing the several other Amiui ties therein mentioned into several Joint Stocks of Annuities, transferrable at the south-sea House) Books were directed to be prepared for receiving the Subscription or Consent of such of the Proprietors of several Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, as should subscribe the same into the Joint Stock of Annuities, in the said Act described, at any Time between the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, and the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three inclusive, and no longer: And whereas the greatest Part of the said Annuities hath been subscribed accordingly; and some of the Proprietors of such Part of the said Annuities as remain unfub feribed, maybe desirous that the Time for such Subscription should he enlarged, which will also be of Advantage to the Public; 'Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor and Company; of the Bank of England shall cause such Books as have been prepared according to the Directions of the said Act, for receiving the Subscription of the Proprietors of the said Annuities into the said Joint Stock of Annuities, to be kept open at the Bank of England for that Purpose, in such Manner as by the said Act is directed, to the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three inclusive, being the Time limited by the said Act for the Subscription of other Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and such Proprietors of the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, as have not already subscribed the same into the said Joint Stock of Annuities, their respective Attorneys, Representatives or Assigns, and all Persons authorised by the said act to subscribe for them before the said fifth Day of january one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, shall have Power to make such Subscription without Fee or Charge at any Time before the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three; and such Subscription shall he as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been made before the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three.

CAP. II.

An Act to amend an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better Recovery of the Penalties inf idled upon Persons <uho defray the Game, by enlarging the Time within which Suits and Actions are to be broug, C by Force of the said Act.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for the letter Recovery of the Penalties inf idled upon Persons who destroy the Game, it is provided. That all Suits and Actions to be brought by Force of the said Act, shall be brought before the End of the next Term after the Offence committed: And whereas the Time allowed by the said Act for the bringing of such Suits and Actions has been found very inconvenient, and in many Cases is not sufficient for the commencing of Prosecutions against Offenders, whereby the Intent of the said Act hath been in some Degree defeated Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Suits and Actions to be brought by Virtue of the said Act, for the Recovery of any pecuniary Penalty or Sum of Money for Offences,

which

4

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 3. 465

which after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty three shall be committed 25 March 1753, against any Law now in Being for the better Preservation of the Game, shall and may he brought before the Lnd of the second Term after the Offence committed; anything in thefuid Act contained.to the contrary bought notwithstanding. befme the Eni

of the.second Term. Farther Prowjkm relating hereto 28 Geo. 2. c. 12. 2 Geo. 3. jy Sc

CAP. III.

An act for continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for the

Purposes therein mentioned.

MOST Gracious Sovereign; Whereas by an Act made in the eighteenth Year of your majesty's is Geo. a. C 5. 4 jltjl Reign, (entitled, An Act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for the further Term of six Years; and for declaring that the Duties on Salt, which aise and are i payable in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, shall be subject to the same Charges thereon, as the same Duties iverc liable to by the Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First)

it was enacted, That from and after the Determination of the Term of seven Years, mentioned in an Act of the fourteenth Year of your majesty's Reign, (entitled, An Act for granting and continuing the i^Geo. acia. 4 Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and jfloite Herrings, for the further Term of seven Years; and for allowing Rock Salt to be used in making Salt from Seawater at the Salt Works at Neath in the County of Glamorgan) the several and respective Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, which by the said Act of the fourteenth Year of your majesty's Reign were continued, should be further continued for and during the Space of six Years; and that the same should be managed, raised, levied, coiledted, see u red,

and paid in Inch Manner and Form, and by and under such Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Provisions, restrictions and Regulations for managing, raising, levying, collecting, securing and paying the same, and with such Allowances for prompt Payment, and for W act of Salt carried Coastwise, or to Ireland, and forfilh, Beef and Pork exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and with such Drawbacks or Debentures on Account of Duties paid or secured to be paid for Salt exported to Parts beyond the Seas,

as were particularly mentioned in the Acts recited in the said Act of the eighteenth Year of your majesty's Reign; and that the said Acts therein recited, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained, or thereby referred unto, and then being in Force, and not othewife altered by that Act, shoukl be and continue in full Force and Effect, for and during the said further Term of six Years, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been particularly recited, expressed and enacted, in the Body of that Act; with a Proviso therein contained, That the Duties on Salt, arising and payable in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, should be subject to the same or the like Charges thereon, in the same Manner as the same Duties were liable or subject to by an Act made in the fifth Year of G, 0i, C, his late Majesty King George the First, (entitled. An Act for settling certain yearly Funds payable out of the Revenue of Scotland, to satisfy public!: Debts in Scotland, and other Uses mentioned in the Treaty of Union, and to 4 dt[charge the Equivalents claimed on behalf^Scotland in the Terms of thefamctreaty -, and for obviating allfuture Disputes, Charges and Expenses concerning those Equivalents:,) And whereas it was by the said Act made in the eighteenth Year of your majesty's Reign further enacted, That the Money which should from Time to Time arise at the Receipt of the exchequer, of or for the p ates or Duties by the said Act continued, should from Time to Time, as the same should arise at the said Receipt (after all the Orders of Loan made forth by and in pursuance of the said Act made in the fourteenth Year of your majesty's Reign, together with all the Interest due thereupon, should be fully falisfied and discharged, or Moneyfufneient should be reserved for tlratpurpose)

be issued and applied at the said Receipt for or towards the paying off and discharging all and every the prin cipal Sums contained in the Orders of Loan by the said Act of the eighteenth Year of your majesty's Reign,

directed to be made forth, and for satisfying the Interest thereof, in such Course, Manner and Form, '"as 4 are in the said Act prescribed and appointed for that Purpose, until all the Principal and Interest payable upon such Orders should be fully satished, or sufficient Money should be reserved in the Exchequer for the full Payment and Satisfaction of the same, as in the said Act is directed, and for no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; and by the said Act it was provided. That in case there should be any Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said Rates and Duties thereby continued, after all the Orders by the said Act of the eighteenth Year of your majesty's Reign, directed to be made forth, and the Interest thereof should be fully satisfied and discharged, or Money sufficient should be reserved for that Purpose,

such Surplus or Remainder of the said Rates and Duties should from Time to Time be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and should not be issued but by Authority of Parliament, and as should be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, as by the said Act, Relation being thereunto had, may more fully app. ar: And whereas all the Orders of Loan made forth in pursuance of the said Act of the fourteenth Year of your majesty's Reign, together with r.ll the Interest due thereupon, have k (been fully satisfied and discharged: And whereas the principal Sum of one million hath, in pursuance of the said Act of the eighteenth Year of your majesty's Reign, been advanced and paid on the Credit of the said Rates and Duties; and Orders of Loan have been made forth to the several Contributors, for the Repayment thereof, with Interest after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum

And whereas Part of the said Orders of Loan so made forth in pursuance of the last mentioned Act, to gather with all the Interest due thereupon, hath been already discharged and satisfied, and the Residue thereof may, according to the Course in the said Act prescribed, be paid off and discharged before the Expiration of the Term of six Years, for which the said Rates and Duties were by the said Act of the

The Di

Salt, ami W.

subjoft to the ftuje % cof 1s Geo. 2. c. 5.

466 C 4 — 6. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

eighteenth Year of your majesty's Reign further granted and continued: 'Now wc your majesty's moult dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, gratefully acknowledging your majesty's tender Care of the Welfare of your People, in recommending to us from your Throne, the Continuance of our Attention to the Reduction of the national Debt, the Improvement of the publick Revenue, and augmenting the Sinking Fund, and being desirous to make further Provision for those Purposes; To the end that the Nation may thereby acquire additional Credit, Power and Security, have unanimously resolved to give and grant to your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors for ever, the said Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, by the said last mentioned Act of the eighteenth Year of your majesty's Reign, continued for the Term of six Years, subject nevertheless to be redeemed by Parliament: And do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted j and Be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from iviite wtr ant ?(tcr t^le Expiration of the Term of six Years, for which the said Rates and Duties were continued by made the said Act of the eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, the several and respective Rates and Duties

tual j upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, so by the said last mentioned Act continued, hall be and

are hereby granted and made payable unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, subject nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament; and that the same hall he managed, raised, levied, collected, secured and paid, in such Manner and Form, and by and under such Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Restrictions and Regulations, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, securing and paying the same, and with such Allowances for prompt Payment, and for Waite on Salt carried Coastwise, or to Ireland, and for Fish, Beef and Pork exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and with such other Allowances, and with such Drawbacks or Debentures, on account of Duties paid or secured to be paid, for Salt exported to Parts beyond the Seas, as are particularly mentioned in the Acts recited in the said Act of the eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act nowin Force, r Jating to the said several Rates and Duties; and that so much of the said Act, and of the Acts therein recited, and of every other Act as is now in Force, and as relates to the managing, raising, levying, collecting, securing and paying of the

Hid Rates and Duties, or the said Allowances, Drawbacks and Debentures, hall be and remain in full

Force and Effect for ever, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were particularly recited, expressed and enacted in the Body of this Act,

Ditties on Salt in

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted and declared, That the Duties on Salt arising and payable in Scotland subject that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, are and shall be subject to the same or the like Charges thereon, s°Geo. i.vfio. n le same Manner as the same Duties were liable or subject to by an Act made in the fifth Fear of the 5'Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, (entitled. An Act for settling certain yearly Funds payable out

of the Revenue of Scotland, to fathfy public Debts in Scotland, and other Uses mentioned in the Treaty of Union; and to discharge the Equivalents claimed on Behalf of Scotland, in the Terms of the same Treaty; and for obviating all future Disputes, Charges and Expenses concerning those Equivalents) anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

/princtal and be "further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after all the Orders of Loan made forth

in!ereftcofjthe n pursuance of the said Act of the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, together with all In loan on terest due thereupon, _shall be fully discharged and satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that is Geo. 1. c. 5.purpose, all the Moneys which had from Time to Timearife at the Receipt of the Exchequer, as well of these Duties co or for the said Rates and Duties by the said Act of the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign con b C \rriet.to, hetinued, as of or for the Rates and Duties by this Act granted and made perpetual, hall be carried to and made Part of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, and shall and may be issued and applied in such 56 Geo. C Manner, and to such Uses and Purposes as other Rates, Duties, Revenues and Incomes, composing the arj X Geo. 3. C said Fund, are or shall be directed by Authority of Parliament to be issued and applied and for no other 4' Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

CAP. IV.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one Thousand seven hundred and fifty-three. EXP. At 2s. in the Pound.

CAP. V.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

9 Am. C Geo. l.ft 8 gt e. I. & iz. J a. C 13. C 34.

7

j. c. 3.. 8, 10 Geo.

6 Geo.

CAP. VI.

in. Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarentine; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the iqes of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man.

WHEREAS it is necessary that some Provision be made by Parliament, for obliging Ships and persons coming from Places infebted with or frequently subject to the Plague, to perform Quarentine in such Manner as hath been or shall be ordered by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; for punishing Offenders therein in a more expeditious Manner than can be done by the ordinary Methods of Law

Be

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 6. 467

Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Ships and Vessels arriving, and all Persons, Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever, coming or small Vcirds, per ported into any Port or Place within Great Britain or Ireland., or the Isles of Guernsey, ferfey, Alderney, f "sand Goods Sark or Man, from any Place from whence his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council shall judge it probable that the Infection may be brought, shall be obliged to^/the make their Quarentine in such Place and Places, for such Time and in such Manner, as hath been or shall, Plague may be from Time to Time, be directed by his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, by his or their Order or Orders bought, subj a made in his or their Privy Council, and notified by Proclamation, or published in the London Gazette; andt0 f.crf "rnrl.^-a" that until such Ships, Vessels, Persons, Goods and Merchandizes shall have respectively performed, and bepi^ "e^nfi"]c1 be discharged from such Quarentine, no such Person, Goods or Merchandizes, or any of them, shall come appointed; or be brought on Shore, or go or be.put on Board any other Ship or Vessel, in any Place within his Majesty's Dominions, unless in such Manner, and in such Cases, and by such Licence as shall be directed or permitted by such Order or Orders made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in Council as aforesaid; and that all such Ships and Vessels, and the Persons or Goods coming or imported in, or goin» or being put on Board the same, and all Ships, Vessels, Boats and Persons receiving any Goods or Persons out of the same, shall be subject to such Orders, Rules and Directions concerning Quarentine, and the Prevention of Infection, as have been or shall be made by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors in Council, and notified by Proclamation, or published in the London Gazette as aforesaid.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Plague shall appear on Board ir/cfted, any Ship, being to the Northward of Cape Finisterre, the Master, Commander or other Person havingwardyf Charge thereof shall immediately proceed to the Harbour of New Grimsby in the Islands of Scilly, wherec^hninre, being arrived, he shall make known his Case to some Officer of the Customs there, who shall immediately to proceed to the acquaint some customhouse Officer of some near Port of England thereof; and the said customhouse Harbour of New Officer shall with all possible Speed send up the Intelligence thereof to one of his Majesty's Principal Southeast gri^ an, ' cretaries of State, that such Measures may be taken for the Comfort and Support of the Crew of such "0 be Ship so infefted, and such Precautions used to prevent the spreading of the Infection, as the Case shall transmitted to require; and the said Ships shall remain at the said Islands of Scilly, till his Majesty's Pleasure be known; the secretary's nor shall any of her Crew go on Shore; but in case the said Master, Commander, or other Person ce- having Charge of the said Ship so infefted, shall not be able to make the said Islands of Scilly, or shall be

forced by Stress of Weather or otherwise to go up either of the Channels, he shall not presume to enterveffel* not.?bic with such Ship into any Port, but shall remain in some open Road, till he receives Orders from his Ma" *- or his Privy Council, and shall take Care to prevent any of his ship's Company from going out ofitoad hill orders his Ship, and to avoid all Intercourse with other Ships or Persons; and the said Master or any other Person irrive. on Board such Ship as aforesaid, who shall be disobedient therein, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and Penalty of difo shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and every such Offence so made'?e'iiclkej Dualh* Felony, shall and may be inquired of heard and determined in the County where the Offence shall be committed, or else in the County where the Offender shall be apprehended.

III. And to the end that it may be better known whether any Ship or Vessel be actually infefted with the Plague, or whether such Ship or Vessel, or the Mariners or Cargo coming and imported in the same,

are liable to any Orders touching Quarentine; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That'll1 any puce when any Country or Place is or shall be infefted with the Plague; or when any Order or Orders is, are or shall be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, concerning Quarentine, and the Prevention ofoakerto Jo oft Infection as aforesaid; often as any Ship or Vessel shall attempt to enter into any Port or Place in Greats the Vent!, mi Britain or Ireland, or of the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, the principal Officer of his>n|erru«ate rn" majesty's Customs in such Port or Place, or such Personas shall be authorised to see Quarentine duly per iw^'rc^c n' formed, shall go off, or cause some other Person to be by him appointed for that Purpose to go off to such j?^0 "nd, 1yfjv. Ship or Vessel; such Officer, or other Person authorised to see Quarentine performed as aforesaid, or, 'Health, V the Person foby him appointed for that Purpose, shall, at a convenient Distance from such Ship or Vessel, demand of the Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel; and such Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall, upon such Demand, give a true Account of the following Particulars; that is to say. The Name of such Ship or Vessel; the Name of the Commander or Person having Charge thereof; at what Place or Places the Cargo was taken on Board; what Place or Places the Ship or Vessel touched at in her Voyage; whether such Places, or any, and which of them were infefted with the Plague; how long such Ship or Vessel had been in her Passage; how many Persons were on Board when the said Ship or Vessel set fail; 'whether any and what Persons, during that Voyage on Board such Ship or Vessel, had been or shall be then infefted with the Plague; how many died in the Voyage, and of what Distemper; Ships or Vessels he, or any of his ship's Company, with his Privity went on Board, or had any of their Company come on Board his Ship or Vessel in the Voyage; and to what Place such Ships or Vessels belonged; and also the true Contents of his Lading, to the belt of his Knowledge: And in case it shall appear upon such Examination or otherwise, that anyif the rnfcft Person then on Board such Ship or Vessel shall at the Time of such Examination he actually infefted with shall be onboard, the Plague, or that such Ship is obliged to perform Quarentine, in such Case it shall and may be lawful to' and for the Officers of any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or any of his Majesty's Forts or Garrisons^ all other his Majesty's Officers whom it may concern, upon Notice thereof given to them, or any of ' '

them respectively, and to and for any other Person or Persons whom they shall call to their Aid and assistance, and they are hereby required to oblige such Ship or Vessel to go and repair to such Place as hath

been

C 6.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

A.D.

1753.

Ship or vessel, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony, without be i cjony net f Clergy; and incase such Commander, Matter or other Person having Charge of such Ship or vessel,

if ihev r1" shall^>een or appointed for Performance of Quarantine, and to use all necessary Means for that Pur

rrme from any p°^e' be by firing of Guns upon such Ship or Vessel, or any other Kind of Force or Violence whatso l!iace infe^.cd, or ever; and in Case any such Ship or vdte! shall come from any Place visited with the Plague, or have any luvetiie infec Person on Board actually infected, and the Commander, Matter or other Person ha, itig Charge of such tionon bnard, the Ship or Vessel, shall conceal the same, such Commander, Matter or other Person having Charge of such

ataft r conceal Rt b

i.ig the fam

and not malting shall upon such Demand made as aforesaid, not make a true Discovery in any other of the Particulars true ch coyery aforesaid, such Commander, Matter or other Person having Charge of such Ship or vessel, for every such iar"thl' pafticu" Ottence shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the King his Heirs and stic 2'oc.i to'°'el,: cefi ors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, Edinburgh, Dublin, or in the proper Courts of the files of Guernsey, Jerjy, Alderney, Sari, ox Man, respectively.

m. fterofa Vef JV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Master, Commander, or other ulmndne1113 Person having Charge of any Ship or Vessel which shall be ordered to perform Quarentine as aforesaid, shall, after his Arrival at the Place appointed for the Performance of his Quarentine, deliver on Demand to deliver tn the to the chief Officer appointed to see Quarentine duly performed there, such Bill of Health, and Manifest, Offkcr the Bill as he shall have received from any British Consul during his Voyage, together with his log book and Journal, under Penalty of forfeiting five hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the King, his Heirs and

cif Health, and

Brit ah Consul the otfier Moiety to him or them who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, with the Leg'or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, Edinburgh, Dublin, or in the hock and proper Courts of the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, respectively.

Journal, under Penalty of 5c0l.

Matter, C quit. V And

persons' h3vin

be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commander, Matter, or t ing Charge of any Ship or vessel liable to perform Quarentine, having Notice thereof.

other

_ shall

tine periutmed, himself quit, or shall knowingly permit or suffer any Seaman or Passenger coming in such Ship or vessel, uniefebyliccncc. to quit such Ship or Vessel, by going on Shore, or by going on Board any other Ship, Boat or vessel, before such Quarentine shall be fully performed, unless in such Cases, and by such proper Licence as Thai] be directed or permitted by such Order or Orders made or to be made concerning Quarentine, and the Prevention of Infection as aforesaid; in case any Commander, Matter, or other Person, having the pkx'e'a" f Charge T such Shin or Vessel, shall not, within conveni nt Time after due Notice given for that Purpose pointed^to^orfeicby the proper Officer, cause such Ship or Vessel, and the Lading thereof, to be conveyed into the Place or ^ool.'Places appointed for such Ship, vessel and Lading to perform Quarantine respectively; and in

every such Case, every such Commander, Matter or other Person having Charge of such Ship or vessel, for every such Offence shall forfeit flve hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the King, his Heirs and Succcfl ors, and the other Moiety to him or them who will sue for the same; and also if any Person shall and petfons quit so quit such Ship, ox Vessel by going on Shore, or by going on Board any other Ship or vessel, contrary ting the Valid to the true Meaning of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for all Persons whatsoever, by any kind of

to be obliged by Force to return,

Jcrfeit zcoi.

Iazarefs may be.!(.died on common or private

Force and Violence, to compel such Person to return on Board such Ship or Vessel 5 and every such Person to f.iffir Im so quitting such Ship or Vessel shall for every such Offence suffer Imprisonment for the Space of six Months, j.rifonment, andand shall also forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds; one Moiety to the King, his Heirs and Succefi ors, the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the same; the same resp.dlive Penalties and Forfeitures to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his maj.tty's Courts of Record at Westminster, Edinburgh, Dublin, or in the proper Courts of the Isles of Guernsey, jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that whenever his Majesty, his Heirs and succcfl ors, by and with the advice and Consent of Parliament, shall direct Houses or Lazarets to be pro

l.r. vided for the receiving and entertaining of Persons obliged to perform Quarantine, or for the depositing,

ground, making opening and ail ing off Goods and Merchandizes liable to perform Quarentine as aforesaid, it shall and may Shtlu, 'aion to be lawful to cre&jjie lame either in any watte Grounds or Commons, or where such watte Grounds or 1 e icpnerois. c0.nm0ils nl e not sufficient, in the several Grounds of any Person or Persons whatsoever, not being a

Tn case nf differ e ie t

such Ground will be ndjutted and settled by a Jury at the said Sessions'j and the Justices at their fid sessions, upon Proof to them made that such Notices have been given, shall and are hereby authorised and required to charge the J ury which shall attend at the said Sessions, or some other Jury of twelve honest and

fub

and any two Persons to be appointed for that Purpose by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under his or their Sign Manual; and in case of any Difference concerning such Rate, Rent or Consideration b. c. untt to tween the Persons so interested, their Guardians or Trustees, and such Persons so to be appointed by his t e ibti: < i by .1 Majesty, his Heirs or Successors as aforesaid, then and in such Cases the said Persons so to be appointed jiuyat tluq^i. by his JN Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may and are hereby authorised, thirty clear Days before any m General Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for the respective Counties or Divisions where such

Grounds shall respectively lie as aforesaid, to give or Cause to be given, to the Occupier or Occupiers of

A.D. 1

753-

Anno vicesimo sex co Georgii II.

C

6. 469

substantial Men (to be then and there impanelled and returned by the Slwrirr of the County, tvichout See or Reward) and cause to be sworn, well and truly on their Oaths to assess the Value of the Ground comprised in the said Notices, and the Rent or Consideration to be given for the same to the respective own.r or Owners thereof, according to their respebuve Interefrs therein; which Oath the said Justices are hereby required to administer to the said Jury, and to which laid Jury the said Persons to be appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the Paities interested in such Ground shall have their lawful Challenges; and the said Jury being so sworn and charged as aforesaid, after proper Evidence on Oath given to them, shall by their verditsl ailess the Rent or Consideration to be given for such Ground to the respective Owner or Owners thereof, according to their respective Interests therein; which Verdict of the said Jury,

2nd Judgement of the said Justices thereupon, shall be conclusive and finally bind all Parties; and that from and after such Verdict and Judgement, his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall and may hold and enjoy such Ground for and during all such Time ad Term as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall judge necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, paying for the same such Rate, Rent, or other Consideration, as shall be agreed upon, or afiefled and adjudged as aforesaid,

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the proper Officers authorised to put Officers to oblige in execution such Orders made or to be made as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby irpowered and re al i'cffonmo quired to cause and compel all Persons obliged to perform Quarentine as aforesaid, and all Goods and Mer "y 'VU U: - chandizes comprised within any such Orders made or to be made as aforesaid, respectively to repair, or be conveyed to some of the said Houses or Lazarets, or to such other Places as shall be provided for the Reception of such Persons, Goods or Merchandizes, dr for the opening and airing of such Goods or Merchandizes, according to such Order or Orders made or to be made as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person obliged to perform Quarentine as aforesaid, final! rvi ffins refuting wilfully refuse or neglect to repair, within convenient Time after due Notice for that Purpose given to him, a poform qna her or them, by the proper Officer, to the House, Lazaret, or other Place, duly appointed for him, herrcne: ne' ^c' or them, or having been placed in such House or Lazaret, or other Place, shall escape or attempt to escape out of the same before Quarentine fully performed; it shall and may be lawful to and for the Watchmen, Officers may and other Persons appointed to see Quarentine performed, by such Force as the Case shall require, to corn c0m?el them by pel every such Person so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, and every such Person so escaping or attempt force' ing to escape as aforesaid, to repair or return into such House, Lazaret, or other Place so appointed for him or her as aforesaid; every such Person so refusing or neglecting to repair, within convenient Time after such Notice as aforesaid, into such House, Lazaret, or other Place appointed for him or her as afore r>.ctfl ns r said; and also every Person actually escaping as aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall^n|(., nc. U ty fuller Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

IX. And whereas Disobedience or refractory Behaviour in Persons under Quarentine may be attended officers to ed with great Danger and Inconvenience; 'Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all per fjrce 0!>eiii<: nce> fons liable to perform Quarentine, whether in Ships, Lazarets, or elsewhere, shall be subject, during the said Quarentine, to such Orders as they Hall receive from the proper Officers authorised to see it duly performed; and the said Officers are hereby empowered and required to enforce all necessary Obedience to their said Orders; and may, in case of Necessity, call in others to their Assistance; and all Persons so called are hereby required to alfift accordingly.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person not infebted with the Plague, nor liable to performso .'.rui Period

Quarentine, shall enter any House, Lazaret, or other Place so appointed as aforesaid, whilst any Person

Persons infected with the Plague, or being under Quarentine, shall be therein; and shall return, or attempt tje fi. Aion is, to return from thence, unless in such Cases, and by such Licence, as shall be directed or permitted by such; o be oblige.! to Order or Orders made or to be made as aforesaid; shall and may be lawful to and for the Watchmen, cominus there, or other Persons appointed to guard or secure such House, Lazaret, or other Place so appointed as afore rfj said, by such Force as the Case shall require, to compel such Person so returning or attempting to return, '

to repair into such House, Lazaret, or other Place so appointed as aforesaid, there to continue and perform Quarentine: Amd in case such Person shall actually escape out of such House, Lazaret, or other PI ace Jf j J cw '* where he or she shall be so placed for Performance of Quarentine, before he or he shall have fully per p FU 5 0 formed the same, he or she shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, or any Officer negleil other Officer or Officers, Person or Persons whatsoever, to whom it doth or shall appertain, to execute1".!?11^.' any Order or Orders made or to be made concerning Quarentine, or the Prevention of Infeblion, and^(.q1'nd'si0c*jr notified as aforesaid, or to see the same put in Execution, shall be guilty of any wilful Breach or Neg

lebl of his or their Duty in that Behalf, every such Officer and Person so offending shall forfeit his Office or Employment in the Customs, or any other Office or Employment, and shall become from thenceforth incap ble to bold or enjoy the same, or to take a new Grant thereof, and forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the King, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall or will sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, Edinburgh, Dublin, or in the proper Courts of the Isles of Gu rii/i', Jersey, Aldern y, Sark or Man, respectively; and if any such Officer or Person shall embezzle,

or shall knowingly and willingly damage any Goods performing Quarentine under his Direction, shall be liable to pay treble Damages, and full Costs of Sui

he

III. And whereas certain Species of Goods and Merchandizes are more especially liable to retain In ' feblion, and may be brought from Places infebled into other Countries, and from thence imported into his Majesty's Dominions 111 Ships not obliged to perform Quarentine; 'Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

Goods, to pay treble Damagf?,

C 6.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

Goods specified to be liable to Quarantine,

On Proof that the Vessel hath performed qna re mine,

the Ship and Men to be discharged.

No See to be taken.

Orders to be complied with for the airing of Goods j and on Certificate and Proof

?foresaid, That all such Goods and Merchandizes as are or shall be particularly specified for that Purpose, n any Order or Orders made or to be made concerning Quarentine, and the Prevention of Infebtion as aforesaid, which shall be imported into any of his Majesty's Dominions, from any foreign Country or Place, in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, shall be subject and liable to such Order or Orders made or to be made concerning Quarentine, and the Prevention of Infection as aforesaid.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That after Quarentine shall have been duly performed by any Ship or Vessel, Person or Persons, obliged to perform Quarentine, according to such Order or Orders made as aforesaid, and this Act, and upon Proof to be made by the Oaths of the Master, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, and of two of the Persons belonging to such Ship or Vessel, or upon Proof to be made by the Oaths of two or more credible Witnesses, before the Cuifomer, Comptroller or Collector of the Port where such Quarentine shall be performed, or the next Port thereunto, or before any of their Deputies, or any Justice of the Peace living near to such Port, or where such Quarentine shall have been performed within any of the said Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sari or Man, before any two Jurats or Magistrates of any of the said Isles respectively, (which itersons are hereby authorised and required to administer such Oath) that such Ship or Vessel, and all and every such Person and Persons re

15 Actively, have duly performed Quarentine as aforesaid; that the Ship or Vessel, and all and every tonne '°and accr4uch pel'f°n and Persons, are free from Infection; and after producing a Certificate to that Purpose, signed tificjte' from the by the chief Officer who superintended the Quarentine of the said Ship; then and in the said respective Officer, ceases such Customer, Comptroller or Collector, or any of their Deputies, together with the said Justice of the Peace, or such Jurats or Magistrates as aforesaid respectively, are hereby required to give a Certificate thereof; and thereupon such Ship or Vessel, and all and every such Person and Persons so having performed Quarentine, shall be liable to no further Restraint or Detention upon the same Account, for which such Ship or Vessel, Person or Persons, shall have performed Quarentine as aforesaid.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Officer before whom such Oath shall be made, and by whom such Certificate shall be given, shall for such respective Oath and Certificate demand or take no See or Reward whatsoever.

XV. Provided nevert neless, and it is hereby enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, liable

to Quarentine as aforesaid, shall be opened and aired in such Place or_places, and for such Time, and in such Manner, as shall be directed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by such Order or Orders to be made as aforesaid; after such Orders shall have been duly complied with, and a Certificate thereof given by the chief Officer appointed to superintend the Quarentine and Airing of such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, and Proof shall be made thereof, by the Oaths of two or more credible Witnesses, before the Customer, Comptroller or Collector of the Port, lying next to such Place or Places where such Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, shall have been opened and aired as aforesaid, or any of their Deputies, or any Justice of the Peace living near the same, or before any two Jurats or Magistrates of the said files f Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man respectively, (who are hereby authorised and required to administer such Oath) upon Certificate and Return of such Proof by such Customer, Comptroller or Collector, or any of

their Deputies, or such two Jurats or Magistrates as aforesaid, (who are hereby respectively required to make such Certificate and Return to the Commissioners appointed for the Management of the Customs of Great Britain or Ireland, or to the Governor or Commander in Chief, being upon the Place, in the Isles

the Goods to be Of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man respectively) such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, shall be

dischargej. forthwith discharged from any Restraint or Detention upon the same Account, by Order of the said Commissioners,

or any two of them, or of the said Governor or Commander in Chief of any of the said Isles as aforesaid respectively; for every of which Oath, Certificate and Order, no See or Reward whatsoever shall be demanded or taken.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Officer or other Person shall demand or take any Fee or Reward whatsoever for any such Oath, Order or Certificate, to be administered or made in lju rfuance of this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall lue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at lyejhninster, Edinburgh, Dublin, or in the proper Courts of Guernsey, Jersey. Alderney, Sark or Man re speblive y, in which Case treble Costs shall be allowed to either Party as in other Cases.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, i hat if any Officer or other Person appointed to see Quarentine duly performed, or any Person placed or appointed as a Watchman upon any

co House, Lazaret, Ship or other Place, for Performance of Quarentine, in pursuance of this Act, shall de ui' y't* thlfr fcft from their Duty when employed on the said Business of Quarentine, or shall knowingly and willingly Dufy, permit or fulr cr any Person, Ship, Goods or Merchandizes, to depart or be conveyed out of such House,

Lazaret, Ship or other Place respectively appointed for Performance of Quarentine, imless in such Cases, and by such Licence, as are or shall be directed or permitted by some Order or Orders made or to be made r officer giving ag aforef.i jd; or if any Person directed as aforesaid to give a Certificate of a ship's having duly performed a uic mi sler Qyaremine or Airing, shall knowingly give a false Certificate; then and in every of the said Cases, every such Officer and Person so offending shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or wilfully conceal from the Officers of Quarentine, or shall clandestinely convey any Letters, Goods, ares or Merchandizes from any Ship under. Quarentine, or liable to perform Quarentine, by any such Order to be made as aforesaid, or from any Lazaret or other Place where Goods shall be performing Qua

lentine.

Officer demand

Snp a See ft r such Oath rr Certificate, to forfeit x00 J,

sir^rintendant of the Quarantine, or Watch

cate, to fuller Death.

Persons nceal in'r» or il.mdef. thicly conveying Ia iters or Goods from any

A.D. 1753.

suck Person so

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii

offending shall fuft er Death, as in Cases

II

C 6.

47

rentine, every luck Person lo oiiending iiiall latter ijeatli, as m Gales of Felony, without Benefit of ^"plln<i<m Qil* uergy.

XIX. And whereas it is notorious, that notwithstanding the many good Laws made to prevent t]ic'ufi cr dcaih.

clandestine Importation of customable and prohibited Goods and Merchandizes, a pernicious Trade of that Kind is (till carried on, for the most part in open Boats or Vessels of small Burden, which pri vately and in the Night put into Creeks and secret Places on the Coast, thereby escaping the Observation of the Officers of the Customs, which Practises may prove highly detrimental to the Safety of these Kingdoms during a Time of Infection For Prevention thereof, Be it enacted by the Authority alore During the lu said. That when any Part of Great Britain, Ireland, or the files of Guernsey, Jirfey, Alderney, Sark ortcftnwi in 'he Man, or France, Spain, Portugal or the Low Countries, shall be infebbed with the Plague, it shall and may mentioned^"mail be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by his or their Proclamation to prohibit and vessels to give restrair. all irnall Boats and Vessels, under the Burden of twenty Tonnes, from sailing or passing out of any Security not to Port or Place of Great Britain or Ireland, or the Ides of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark and Alan, or any touch at any of them, until Security be full given by the Mailer of every such Boat or veil'd respectively, to the Satis wj', C h

faction of the principal Officer of the Customs, or the Chief Magistrate of the Port or Place from whence^t/moda such Boat or vessel flinli fail, by Bond taken to the King, his Heirs or Successors, with sufficient Sureties, mation. in the Penalty of three hundred Pounds, with Condition that if such Boat or Veiled shall not go to, or touch at any Country, Port or Place to be mentioned for that Purpose in such Proclamation; and if the Mailer or other Person having charge of such Boat or Veiled, and all and every Mariner and Mariners,

Passenger and Passengers going in such Boat or Vessel shall, during the Time aforesaid, not go on board any other Ship or Vessel at Sea, and if such Mailer or other Person having charge of such boat or Vessel shall not permit or fuft er any Person or Persons to come on board such Boat or Vessel at Sea from any other Ship or vessel, and shall not, during the Time aforesaid, receive any Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever out of any other Ship or Vessel, then such Bond shall be void, or to such Effebb; for the making of which Bond 110 See, or Reward whatsoever shall be taken; and in case any Boat or Vessel for^tt ut^uch" which such Security shall be required by such Proclamation, shall set fail or pal's out of any Port or security tocfae Place of Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Gucrrjy, jerjy, Alderney, Sark and Man, or any of forfeited; them respectively, before such Security be given as aforesaid, every such Boat or vessel so sailing or passing out of any Port or Place, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, together with her Tackle,

Apparel and Furniture, shall be forfeited to the King, his Fleirs and Successors, and shall and may be seized, sued for, and recovered in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, Edinburgh or Dublin, or in the proper Courts of the Illes of gv.ernj'ey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man respectively, to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; the Mailer of, and every Mariner sailing in any such Boat orani the Mafrsr vessel, being thereof lawfully convicted upon his or their Appearance or Default, upon the Oath or Oaths a."^cr^" jt0 of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace where such ro "10 "Offender shall be found (which Oath such Justice or juaices of the Peace are hereby impowered and required to administer) shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the Informer, the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offender shall be found; the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or the Hands and Seals of such Justice or jui cices before whom luck Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid; and for want of sufficient Distress, every such Offender shall by such Justice or Justices be committed to Prison, thereto remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Months; and in case any such Offender shall be found in any of the said Isles of Guernsey, jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, and shall be lawfully convicted of such Offence in any Ablion or Suit to be founded on this Act, in the proper Court of any of the said Hies where he shall be so found, such Offender shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offender shall be found; and in default of paying such Penalty shall suffer Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Months.

XX. And, to the end that all Persons may know howto demean themselves in the Premises, Be it Orders concern, further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as his Majesty, his Heirs or successors,

shall make any Order or Orders concerning Quarentine, and the Prevention of Infeblion, and notify the churches same by Proclamation, or cause the same to be published in the London Gazette, as aforesaid; Proclamation, or Order or Orders in Council, as aforesaid, shall be publicly read upon the next Sunday on which Divine Service shall be performed after the Receipt of the same, and the first Sunday in every Month afterwards (during the Time such Orders shall continue in Force) immediately after the Prayers, in all Parish Churches, and other Places set apart for Divine Worship, within such Counties and Places as shall be specified for that Purpose in such Proclamation or Orders respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this present Act, tile Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, may plead the General Blue, and give this Act, and the special General ltue. Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of the said Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discor.tinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall have been given upon any Verdict or Demurrer again! the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the Treble Costt. like Remedy for the same, as the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Attainder of Felony, by virtue of this Act, ijml.taticra

shall extend to work any Corruption of Blood or Forfeiture of any Goods, Chattels, Lands, Tenements £lta'nd".°f/s' or Hereditaments. XXIII

lony on this acte,

472 C 7 — g. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

Commencement

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and the several of this Act. Clauses and Provisions therein contained, shall commence and take Effect from and after the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four.

For Performance of Quarantine see farther 27 Geo. 2. C i3. 29 Geo. 2. c. 8. 33 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Boston, and Skirbcck Quarter, and the Parishes of Boston and Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln.

PR.

CAP. VIII.

nth to i3 fj? 1+ An Act for opening the Port of Exeter for the Importation of Wool, and Woollen Yarn from

'...5 - Ireland.

Car. 2. C 18 6f Jo. I TV. & M,

sat, j. C 32. 7 8 TV, 3. C 23.910 TV. 3. C 40. 10 £? n TV, 3. C 10. 3 Geo. 1. c. 21. 4 Geo. 1. c. 11. 5 Geo. 1. c. 11. 12 gvr. 1. r. 34. 13

Geo. 1. r. 23. 5 Geo. 2. r. 21. 12 Geo. 2. C zi. 15 Geo. 2. r. 27. 25 Geo. 2. c. 14 * 19.

WHEREAS the opening of the Port of Exeter for the Importation of Wool, and Woollen Yarn

from Ireland, will be of great Utility and Advantage to the Woollen Manufactures in the City of e Exeter, and also in the Neighbourhood thereof, by rendering the Conveyance of those Materials more easy, cheap and expeditious, and may also be a Means of increasing the Importation of Wool, and Woollen Yarn from Ireland, into this Kingdom: 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, That it may be enacted; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. Wool, C may alld by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred be imported from antj fifty-three, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into the Port of Exeter any Port of exeter Wool, or Woollen or Bay yarn, wool fells, Shortlings, Mortlings, wool flocks, and Worsted Yarn, ' from Ireland; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

unc erthercgu

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Importations of Wool, Utions and wo0ijen or Bay yarn, wool fells, Shortlings, Mortlings, wool flocks, and Worsted yarn, from

Ireland, into the said Port of Exeter, shall be made from such Ports only, and under the same Restrictions and Regulations in all Respects, as Wool or Woollen yarn is now by Law permitted to be imported into the several Ports of Biddford, Barnstaple, Minehead, Bridgwater, Brijhl, Milford Haven, Chester, Liverpool'c, Lancaster and Greet Yarmouth, or any of them, and in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the find Port of Exeter had been particularly named for the Importation of the said Goods, in an Act by 10 ts n will, made in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of the late King jvlluani the Third, (entitled. An Act

3' C 10. to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into foreign Parts, and for the coticmish* tvool Encouragement of the jeoollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England) or in any other Act or Acts of par c. [tefirdf liarhent whatsoever.

26 Geo. 2. c. 1 & 29 Geo. 2. c. 33. 30 Geo. 2. c. 12.

CAP. IX.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British White Baring Fishery, and for regulating the said Fishery according to the Calendar now in Use, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

13 Geo. 2. c. 24. L J T WHEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti farjirma pm i t y, tuled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery, after impowering his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to incorpo

i. f. 4-? Ed*rate sundry Persons in the said Act named, and such other Bodies and perl ons, as in the said Act are z.f.ri'i. C 1, ac mentioned, to be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The Society if the free British Fishery, h 11 EC. 3. 4 for the Purpose of carrying on and improving the British White Herring Fisheries; it is, amongst other ffjj1 Things, enacted, That for an Encouragement to such Persons as shall become Subscribers to the Stock ia'3\'np"4 for carrying on the said Fisheries, that the Sum of throe Pounds by the Year for each hundred Pounds, V t. 9. a 11. 6.' which shall be actually employed in the (jjid Fishery, and proportionably for any greater or lelier Sum, <. 1;. 14 ij. 6. ' shall be paid to the Proprietors of the Lid Stock, for and during the Space of fourteen Years from the C 6. zz EC. k. C i)atc of their Charter, out of the Customs, by the receiver-general of his Majesty's custoir.s, by equal f V ' half yearly Payments, provided that the said Society shall employ the Sum of one hundred thousand('.

('. zh EI. k sounds,: lt Halt, in the said b'iihcrics, within the Space of eighteen Months after the Date of such stib ic 6. 1 a. C ' feriplion; and it is by the said Act further provided and enacted, That such Sums as final bona fide he 17. t El. C 5. 4 contracted to ha paid within six Months, hall be deemed employed within the Scnfe and Meaning 30 Ei. <. ic. 431 0j tjle fajj Act, in case so much Money of the Lid Company as shall be lufltcient to answer the 5 'Jf'. 4 Contracts respectively, shall at the Time of making the same, be in the Bank of England: And whereas,

"J' 3 J "' ' pursuant

A.D. 175?

6'

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

C

473

C pursuant to the Power by the said A given to his said Majesty, a Society by the Name of The Society C I j3 & 6 of the Free British Fishery, hath been incorporated by Charter, bearing Date the eleventh Day of October 14 2< fd

mn at Hi 1 V rfs«. 11.. i. J J. n i. ANIL n iiai t. aai./i J ami.)

"one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and a very considerable Sum of Money hath been subscribed and j carl.

paid in towards carrying on the Purposes of the said Act and Charter: And whereas the said Society, inf. 2. 300.2.

the carrying on the said Fishery, did actually expend within the Term of eighteen Months, after the C g. 32 Car. 2. ' Date of such Subscription, or bona fide contract to be paid within the Term of LIX Months, allowed after C j - 10 7, V ' the Expiration of such eighteen Months, the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, and upwards, and 7.'

actually had in the Bank of England, before the Expiration of the said eighteen Months, Money sufficient9q, /" '"fa. V 4 to answer all such Contrails; but in regard the said Society had not in the Bank of England, at the ret Geo. 1. C: i.

spective Times of making such Contracts, Money sufficient to answer the said Contracts respectively, a ' Doubt hath arisen whether the said Society are, by the Words of the said Act, entitled to the Interest of three Pounds p: r Centum allowed by the said Act, for such Sum so by them expended or employed in the said Fishery: And whereas, amongst other Qualifications by the said Act made necessary for obtaining a 4 Licence and Authority for the said society's buites or Vessels to proceed on the said Fishery, Oath is to be made by such Persons, as in the said Act mentioned, that it is their firm Purpose and determined Resolution, that such Busies or Vessels shall proceed either to Brajfcy's Sound in Shetland, and be it the Ren ' dezvous of the said Fishery there, on or before the eleventh Day of June, and snail not shoot or wet their Nets befere the thirteenth Day of the said Month of June, and shall continue fishing as in the said Act directed, to the first Day of Staler, or shall proceed to Campbell Town in Argyllshire, and be it the Ren ' dezvous of the said Fisheries on or before the first Day of September, and shall continue fishing to the thirty first Day of December, unless they shall have sooner completed their Loading of Fish; said several nominal Days by the late Alteration made by Law, in the Supputation of Time, in these Kingdoms, will, for the Time to come, fall eleven Days earlier in the h ear than was intended by the said Act: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Busies or Vessels employed by the said Society in the said Fisheries, are by the said Act obliged to have on board at their Return into Port from the said Fishery, the same Number of Hands as they are by the said Act required to have on board at the Ren ' dezvous of such Vessels; and also whether such Vessels are at liberty to put into Port between the Intervals of the two Fisheries, which are called the Shetland and the Yarmouth Fisheries, in order to change their Nets, and otherwise to prepare for the second Fishery: whereas it is further enacted by the said recited Act, That every Buss or Veiled of the Burden of seventy Tonnes, and designed for the said Fishery, shall, on her proceeding to Sea, have on board one Fleet of fifty Nets, each Net to be thirty Yards full upon the Rope, and seven Fathoms deep, and foin proportion for any Vessels of a greater or leiler Tonnag', and be provided with one other Fleet of fifty like Nets, on board a Jagger or Tender to attend the said Fishery, or left on Shore in a proper Place for the use of such Buss or Vessel; which Nets have been found by Experience to be much too deep for the Yarmouth fisherytherefore for the putting an end to such Doubts, and for the further and better regulating the said Fisheries, Be it enacted and declared; and it is hereby enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Society are, to all Intents and Purposes, The Society in entitled to have and receive the Interest of three Pounds by the Year for each hundred Pounds em cent In'er" h ployed in the said Fishery, and proportionably for any greater or lesser Sum, for such Time and Term the s'm"7em. of Years, and payable in such Manner, as the said Society would have been entitled thereto, in case so ployed by them, much Money of the said Society as would have been sufficient to answer their said Contrails respectively, had, at the Time of making the same, been in the Bank of England; anything in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth the Oath and Oaths T, ie Oaths rl h by the said Act required to be taken, with respect to the said several nominal Days thereby appointed, t "4-1 for the Rendezvous of the said society's Busies or Vessels, and for the Commencement and Duration of the so^h.^ndej said Fisheries, shall be varied and made conformable to the Calendar now in Use in these Kingdoms; that is vous, C for the to say, That the Oath to be made in order to the procuring a Licence to proceed on the said Fishery, Society's Vstie; t, shall import that it is the firm Purpose and determined Resolution of the Persons making such Oath, that beraadecon the Buss or Vessel applying for Licence and Authority to proceed on the said Fishery, shall proceedcilej^arno\": n manned, furnished and accoutred, in such Manner as by the said recited Act is required, and not other uf». wise altered by this present Act, either to brajjey's Sound in Shetland, and be it the Rendezvous of the said Fishery there, on or before the twenty second Day of June, and shall not shoot or wet their Nets before the twenty-fourth Day of the said Month of June and shall continue fishing as in the said Act is mentioned, and not otherwise altered by this present Act, unless prevented by Loss of Mails or other unavoidable Accidents, to the twelfth Day of oslober, or shall proceed to Campbell Town in Argyllshire, and be it the Rendezvous of the said Fisheries on or before the twelfth Day of September, and shall continue fishing, not being prevented as aforesaid, to the eleventh Day of January, unless they shall have sooner completed their Loading of Fish; that the Oath by the said Act required to be made by the respective Matters of the said Busies or Vessels at their Return into Port for their Discharge, with respect to their having conformed to the several Days appointed by the said Act for the Rendezvous of such Busies or Vessels, and for the Commencement and Duration of the said Fisheries, may and shall from henceforth be varied and made conformable to the Alterations made by this present Act in respect of such several nominal Days.

Vol. VII Ppp III. And

474 C 9. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

The Society not jj_ y\nij it further enacted, and it is further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That Eoime Oft le Society shall not be entitled to have and receive the Bounty of thirty Shillings per Tonne by the said person, where Act given or allowed to Vessels employed in the said Fisheries, in respect of fuel) Vessels as shall return thevcffei returns into Port at the End of the said Fishery with a less Number of Hands than such vessel is required by the withfewerhandssaid Act to have on board at the Rendezvous of the said society's Vessels, unless it shall be made appear than file is re j uc]1 dumber hath been reduced by Death, or that such Reduction is occasior.ed by Sickness or De

rm'board^fertion, without any Default, Fraud or Collusion on the Part of the said Society; and also that it shall and Between the In maybe lawful for the said Russes or Vessels, between the Intervals of the said Shetland and Yarmouth tervals of the Fisheries, to put into any Port of Great Britain or Ireland for the Purpose of changing Nets, and otherwise Fiflrcries the preparing for such Yarmouth Fishery; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof in any iv^pon? put w; k notwithstanding.

Second Fleet of

IV. And it is further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful

Nets maybe of for the said second Fleet of Nets by the said Act required to be on board a Jagger or Tender, or to be left

any Depth nt on bore for the Use of the said Fishery as aforesaid, to be of any Depth not under five Fathoms; and that ui: ecr5 anoms.t]lecertificate and Oath by the said recited Act required to be made and taken, touching the Depth of the fishing Nets to be used in the said Fishery, may and shall be varied and made conformable to the Alterations by this present Act permitted to be made in respect to the Depth of such second Fleet of Nets; anything in the fj.id Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

5 Geo. 1. C is. ' V And whereas by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

First, (entitled, An Act for recovering the Credit of the British Fishery in foreign Parts, and for better securing

1 the Duties on Salt) after directing that all Foreign or British Salt to be used in the Curing of Fish for Exportation shall, on being landed, and during the Intervals of the fishing Seasons, be lodged in a Ware

under the Lock and Key of an Officer for the Duties on Salt, as well as of the Proprietor of such Salt, it is enacted, That such Officers shall, on such proprietor's complying with certain Condit ons in the said Act mentioned, deliver into the sole Custody of such Proprietor, or his Agent, all the said Salt for the Curing of Fish taken during the said fishing Season; that at the End of every fishing Season such Officer shall take a particular Account of the Quantities of Foreign and British Salt respectively remaining in Hand, which is to be immediately locked up in such joint Custody as aforesaid; the Proprietors of such Salt, or their Agents, using such Salt as aforesaid, are by the said Act directed, as loon as possible after the End of every fishing Season, to deliver an Account in Writing into the Office

for the I hity on Salt in the said Act mentioned, containing the Quantity of fish exported, or entered and shipped to be exported, on which the said Salt taken away after its Delivery into the sole Custody of such Proprietors, or their Agents, hath been used or confirmed, together with Certificates by the proper Officers of the several Ports where the said Fish were shipped for Exportation, verifying the said Account;

and by the said Act a Penalty of twenty Shillings is laid on such Proprietors of Salt, or their Agents,

for every Bushel of Salt so taken out, which shall not be accounted for in the Manner therein before, or otherwise, as in the said Act mentioned, or which shall not be returned, or found remaining at the End of every fishing Season in the Cellars or Warehouses, as in the said act mentioned: And by another Act

1 Geo. t. C 4. 4 made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, (entitled, An Act for taking off the Duty

upon all Salt itjcd in the Curing Red 11 rrings, and laying a proportionable Duty upon all Red Herrings con fumed

at home only; and for ascertaining the Customs and Excise payable for the Sag r houses in Scotland; and for making an Allowance for Salt lost in any Harbour or River of this Realm; and for the better securing the Duties on Salt delivered in Scotland) a Penalty of ten Shillings per Bushel is laid upon all Persons u ho shall have received into their sole Custody any Quantity of Foreign or British Salt, Duty free, for curing of Fish for foreign Markets, that shall not deliver to the proper Officers yearly, within three Months after the Expiration of each respective Year, such Accounts of the Salt received as aforesaid, and of the Fish cured therewith and exported, as the said Act of the fifth of his said late Majesty directs, together with

2 Geo. s. C i2. f such Certificate as aforesaid, verifying the said Account: And by another Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An Act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt,

and upon Red and White Herrings, for the further Term of four Years; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contrails of Clerks anil Apprentices) after reciting the said two several Acts of the fifth and eighth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, it is amongst other Tilings enacted, That after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty five, no foreign Salt shall be delivered over from such joint Custody into such sole Custody as aforesaid,

for curing Fish for Exportation, except such Proprietor, or his Agent, do give Security as in the said Act directed, to account for such foreign Salt in the Terms of, and according to the true Intent and \ Meaning of the said Acts of the fifth and eighth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, or to answer the several Penalties in the said Acts directed to be recovered from the Proprietors offending against the said Acts, or either of them: And whereas the Society of the free British Fishery have used great Qtian titles of foreign Salt in the curing of White Herrings, great Part of which hath been exported, or sent to,

and sold at foreign Markets; and the said Society, as Proprietors of such Salt, or their Agents, have,

from Time to Time, on delivering over such Salt from such joint Custody as aforesaid, into the sole Custody of such Agents, given such Security as by the said Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty is directed, touching the accounting for such foreign Salt; but in regard that a considerable Part of such Fish hath been shipped oft' immediately from Sea, from on board the respective Vessels employed in taking and curing the same, without being fit IP brought into Port, in order to secure a better Sale at foreign Markets, before the Arrival of the like Commodities from other Nations, the said Society, or

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 10.

their Agents, have not been able fully to comply with the Directions of the said Acts, touching the accounting for such Part of the said Salt, as hath been employed in the curing of such Part of the said 4 I' ilh, as bath been so sent away to foreign Markets immediately from Sea, there being no Provifson ir

475

several Penalties infiifted by the said Acts of the fifth and eighth Years of his said late Majesty; the said Society will, in the further Prosecution of the said Fishery, be exposed to the same Difficulty, unless

Remedy be provided in Respect thereof: 'Be it therefore enacted and declared, and it is hereby The Quantity of

enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Quantity of such White Herrings as have White Hernnfs already been sent, or whnh hereafter shall be sent, by the said Society, or their Agents, to foreign Markets fe, t to foreign immediately from Sea, without being sir ft brought into Port, shall be ascertained and made appear by the first

Oath of the society's Superintendant of the said Fishery, to be made before one or more of his Majesty's brou^bhnto1 jufbces of the Peace, or an Officer for the Duties cn Salt, who are hereby empowered and required to Pom to fcc n' administer the same; and a Certificate or Certificates under the Hands of the Secretary and Accomptant ofeenained !y the the said Society, purporting, that it appears by Letters or Accounts from the Correspondents or Ag: nts9ith,

of the said Society, to whom such bifli mentioned in such Affidavit were eonsigned, that such fi111^ T [Jc have come to the Hands of such Correspondents or Agents, or otherwise that such fish have been, lost at certificate of

Sea. their Secretary

VI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That such Affidavit andand accomft; '1't certificates shall be admitted and taken to all Intents and Purposes, as Evidence to verify the Quantity of such afii.uv.t such Fish so already sent, or hereafter to be sent away immediately from Sea as aforesaid; anything and Certificate in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not with to^adrauicd standing.

VIE And whereas the Place appointed by the said Act for the Rendezvous of the vessels employed in

the said Fisheries, on the first Day of September, has been in many Cases very inconvenient be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vessels built and fitted out in the Manner required by, the vessels which said Act, which shall rendezvous at Kirkwall in the Orkney Islands on or before the twelfth Day of Septem hall rendezvour her, and shall continue to be employed in fishing among the Shoals of Herrings, as they move, to the 5t Kirkwall, in eleventh Day of unless the Loading of such vessels be sooner completed, shall (in case all the grt*d !°the

other Regulations and Conditions prescribed by the said Act be observed and performed with respect to such

vessels) he entitled to the Bounties granted by the said Act, in the same Manner as if such Vessels had rendezvoused at campbelltown, in like Manner, and at the Time required by the said Act.

VIII. Provided always, That no Fishing Vessel employed in the White Herring Fishery, shall be obliged No Vessel obli to carry to the latter Fishing more than one Fleet of Nets; anything in the said Act to the contrary in sed, to carl7t0 any wise notwithstanding.

Fleet of Nets. Concerning i\fbcry see farther 2$ Geo. 2. c. 14. 29 Geo. 2. c. 23 & 3c. 30 Geo. 2. c. 21 6^30. 33 Geo. 2. c. 27. 2 Geo. 3. c. 15.

CAP. X

An Act for enlarging the Time and continuing the Duties granted by several Acts of Parliament for Repairs of the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the County of York; and for making the said Acts more effrftual.

PR.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign 8 &9w. 3,

yv of his late Majesty King tviuiam the Third, intituled, An Act for the Repair of the Piers of Brid '.2c.

ling tonne, alias Burlington, in the East Riding of the County of York, it was amongst other Things enacted,

That from and after the first day of May one thousand six hundred and ninety seven, and before and until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and four, the Duties therein mentioned should be paid for the rebuilding, repairing end amending the said Piers; to wit, one Farthing for every chal dron of Coals, that during the said Term shotild be laden on board any Ship, Hoy, Bark or other Vessel, at or in the Port of newcq/lle upon Time, or at Sunderland, Blithe, Seat on sluice, Culler coats,

or any other Port, Harbour, Colliery, or Place that was or was reputed to be a Member of the Port of

newcastle; and to be paid to such Persons and in such Manner as by the said Act is directed; and by 1 Geo. r. c. 49.

another Act made and passed in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First,

referring to the said former Act, all the Duties thereby granted and made payable, and every Clause,

Matter and Thing therein contained were revived and enacted, and directed to be continued and paid for

fourteen Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, until the

Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty: And whereas by one other Act made 5 Geo. 1. C ic. ' in the fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, entitled, An act for enlarging

the Time granted by two Acts of Parlianwnt for Repairs of the Piers s/'bridlington, alias Burlington; and for making the said Acts more effectual; it is thereby (amongst other Things) enacted, That the said Act passed in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, with all the

Powers thereby given, for charging, raising, levying, collecting and disposing of any Sum or Sums of Money, for or towards repairing or rebuilding the said Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, should from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, continue and be in full Force, for and during the Term of twenty-five Years; and that from and after the twenty-fourth Day "* of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, for the Term of thirty-six Years, the several additional

476

7 Gcc. I.

C ir. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

Rates and Duties therein mentioned, (over and besides the Duty and Duties granted and continued as t aforesaid, or payable before the passing of the same Act) should be raised, levied, collected and paid, for

repairing and lengthening the said Piers as and in Manner therein expressed: whereas by another Act, 6' ' made and passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, entitled, ' An Act for the better preserving and keeping in Repair the Piers of the Town and Port «/" Whitby in the County

?York; for explaining and making tnore effectual the federal Acts passed for lengthening and repairing th

Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the[aid County; it is amongst other Things enacted, That the

Collector and Collectors, or any of them, appointed for the collecting and receiving of the said Duties 1 by the said Act ct the fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, imposed and made payable at the said Port of Bridlington, alias Burlington, were thereby empowered to go on board any Ship or Vessel within the said Port of Bridlington, alias Burlington; and take Account of, and demand and receive the said Duties, and for Nonpayment to distrain for the same in Manner therein mentioned;

and that the Trustees appointed for putting in Execution the said recited Acts, or any five or more of them, are thereby empowered to appoint such Personas they shall] think fit, with such annual Salary our of the said Duty as they shall think fit, not exceeding ten Pounds a Year, for the better governing and managing the Port or Harbour of Bridlington, otherwise Burlington, in such Manner as in the said Act is mentioned and directed: And whereas, although the Money arising from the Duties granted by virtue of the said recited Acts, and also other considerable Sums of Money, raised by atax upon the Lands within the Manor of Bridlington aforesaid, have from Time to Time been laid out and applied in the repairing, rebuilding and enlarging the said Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington aforesaid, yet the same has not been

sufficient to support, maintain and keep the same in good Order and Repair; and by means of several violent Storms, the same is become in a decaying and ruinous Condition, and in imminent Danger of being lost and destroyed, and there is now a considerable Debt due and owing upon the Credit of the said acts; and as the Terms for which the said Duties were granted by the former Acts, will expire on the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, and it is impossible that the said Piers can be effectually repaired and maintained, unless the said Duties be continued for a further Term.

of Years by Authority of parliamentto the End therefore that the said Piers, and the Port and Harbour of Bridlington aforesaid, which has been of great Service to Navigation, and of great Use and Benefit to the Public, may be maintained, supported and preserved: it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, (Ac,

"The Acts 8 fbf9TV. 3. C 29. and 5^7 Geo. 1. continued for 35 Years, from 24 June 1755, &c. New "Trustees to be elected in the Room of such as shall die, or refuse to act. Trustees empowered to setup "a Crane on the Key of the Harbour, and to remove any Soil, (Be. to make the Passage to the Harbour "commodious. Vessels belonging to Great Yarmouth excepted from the Duties.

CAP. XI.

An Act for permitting the Exportation of Wool, and Woollen or Bay Yarn, from any Port

in Ireland to any Port in Great Britain.

Srfcr to chjj.nr C

Wool, silt Woollen or Bay Yarn, may be exported from. any Port in Ireland into any Port of Great Britain;

tinder the Re

Ilniiions enacted.

WHEREAS the permitting of Wool, and Woollen or Bay Yarn, to be exported only from certain Ports in Ireland to certain Ports in England, is not of so great and extensive Advantage to the Trade of this Kingdom, as it would be if all the Ports in Great Britain and Ireland were opened for that Purpose; 'Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and conl ent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, end by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to export from any Port in Ireland any Wool, or Woollen or Bay Yarn, Wool fells, Shortlings, Mortlings, Wool flocks and Wonted Yarn, to any Port in Great Britain; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Exportations and Importations of Wool, and Woollen or Bay Yarn, Wool fells, Shortlings, Mortlings, M ool flocks and Worited Yarn, front any Port in Ireland into any Port in Great Britain, shall be made under the same re strictions and Regulations, and in the same Manner in all Respects, as Wool or Woollen A am is now by Law permitted to be exported from Dublin, Waterford, Youghall, Kinfale, Cork, Drogheda, New Ref, T r" -^<1 - j r, 7 77 antj i, nported into the several Ports'of

Newry, Wexford, Wicklow, Sligoe, Limerick, Gallway and Dundalk, am Biddeford, Banifiaple, Minehead, Bridgewater, Bristol, Milford Haven,

Great Yarmouth, or any of them. Concerning t}rkii see farther 29 Geo. z, C 33. 30 Geo. 3

che/hr

Liverpool,

Lancaster and

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

477

C 1 2,

r 3-

CAP. XII.

An Act to prevent Wines imported into any of the out ports of this Kingdom, being afterwards brought into the Port of London, or Parts adjacent, withouc paying the London Duty.

WHEREAS the Duties payable by Law on Wines imported from foreign Parts into any of thes'fv. 1. C i.

out ports of this Kingdom, are lei's than the Duties payable on Wine imported into the Port of, 'f}c i2 ' London: And whereas such Wines as are landed in any of the out ports, for which Duties are paid'(, '/}} ft there, and which are afterwards brought to the Port oi London by Certificate, are by Law liable to thee.', +.' 7 'f.

Payment of so much more Subsidy as is flrort of the Duty due in the Port of London: And whereas great. 5. 5el. c. 5. ' Quantities of Wine have of late been brought into London and Places thereunto adjacent, by Land Car Car. 2. c. 2.

riage, without Payment of the Difference of the said respective Duties; and in many Cases Wine is so

brought into London without Payment of any Duties, to the great Prejudice of the public Revenue, and 6c«?*c'i 1.

the Detriment of the fair Merchants of this Kingdom; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-ninth No wineexceed jday of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, no Wine of any Sort exceeding the Quantity ine Gallons, of ten Gallons, which at any Time shall have been imported from foreign Parts into any out port of this Kingdom, hall be brought, removed or carried

such out port, or from

any o

: her Port or Place

be brought to

whatsoever, either by Land or by Water, into the port of London, or the Members thereof, or to any Place London, or with whatsoever within the Distance of twenty Miles from the Royal Exchange of London, before the Owner or in aomiles ofth. Proprietor of such Wine shall have paid unto the Collector, or other proper Officer of the Customs nearest X* n8e' to the Place from whence such Wine is intended to be removed, the Duties payable in any of the Out the London Dufy, ports, and also the Difference of the respective Duties payable there and in the Port of London, on the Importation of such Wine; and if any Quantity of Wine exceeding in Bottles three Dozen, or in a Calk or Wine, exceeding Casks exceeding ten Gallons, shall at one and the same Time, and in one and the same Carriage, be111 Bortlfs 3 do brought, removed or carried, either by Land or by Water, into the Port of London or the Members thereof, jo caiiun^'^5 or to any Place whatsoever within twenty Miles of the said Royal Exchange, without a Certificate from such brought in the Collector, or other proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs, expressing the Quality and Quantity of such same Carriage to Wine, and certifying, that as well the Duties payable upon the first Importation of such Wine at any ofloll>ion, crwith the out ports, as the Difference between the said Duties, and those which are due in the Port of London, e "Lxrf, Ine^ on the Importation of such Wine, have been duly paid and satisfied, or that the same was Wine sold for wah(uc' a cc ti salvage, or that the same lvs been compounded for or condemned, such Wine shall be forfeited and lost, ficaic, &c. 10 be together with the Casks and Vessels containing the same, and shall and maybe seized by any Officer forfeited, cor Officers of the Customs, and prosecuted in such Manner as any uncustomed Wines may be seized and prosecuted.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if after the Removal of anis after p, .., ment such Wines, and after Payment of the Duties payable thereon in any of the out ports, and also of the Difference of the respective Duties payable there on the Importation of such Wines, and before the same be\avor p'shall be brought into the Port of London, or the Members thereof, or to any Place whatsoever within the jnled before they Distance of twenty Miles from the Royal Exchange of London, such Wine shall happen to be staved, or to be brought ir.to be lost, or perish, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any three of them, shall (Proof being the Port ot lo' made upon Oath to their Satisfaction, that such Wines have been so staved, or have been lost or perished^jlt*g as aforesaid) cause Repayment to be made to the Owner or Proprietor of such Wine, of so much.money Of thebiserence. as the Difference of the Duties payable for such Wines in any out port, and in the Port of London, See farther shall amount to; such Repayment to be made out of any of tyre Duties or Customs payable on winesarm»sin, u 30 imported. Geo'z c*9

32 GA, C

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of tobacco by Land or Water, and for the Ease of the fair Trader in Tobacco; and for ascertaining the Rates payable for the Portage of certain Letters, and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail.

WHEREAS the several Provisions for preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco, by Land or Water, contained in an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties upon Tobacco, have Commencement from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; notwithstanding which Provisions, such Tobacco as was imported before that Time, hath been or may be removed by Land or Water, otherwise than by the said Act is directed, inasmuch as the same having been imported before that Time, cannot be subject to the Regulations prescribed by the said Act: And whereas the Continuance of this Liberty may encourage the Importers or Possessors of uncustomed Tobacco, to pretend that the same was imported before the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and under that Pretence, Tobacco imported since that Time, and Tobacco Stalks stripped, and Snuff manufactured therefrom, may be removed otherwise than by the said Act is directed, to the great Prejudice both of the publick Revenue and of the fair Trader: And whereas it may reasonably be supposed, that all such Tobacco as was imported, and was Stock in Hand before that Time, hath been or might have been since disposed of:' Now, for preventing Frauds equally injurious to the publick Revenue and the fair Trader; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, no Tobacco imported into Great Britain before the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and no Tobacco Stalks stripped, or Snuff manufactured from Tobacco so imported, shall be permitted to be removed by Land or Water; upon pain that all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks or Snuff, so removed, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted, and after Condemnation burnt and destroyed by such Persons, and in such Manner and Form, and with such Rewards for seizing the same, as by the said Act is directed in relation to any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks or Snuff, on the Removal whereof Certificates are by the said Act required.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

A.D.

i Ca. a. sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of "June one thousand seven hundred and fifty no Tobacco im three, no Tobacco imported into Great Britain before the Paid twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand ported before 39 ptven hui, (irecl and fifty-one, and no Tobacco Stalks stripped, or Snuff manufactured from Tobacco so Tobacco st.rlkt imported, shall be, permitted to be removed by Land or Water; upon pain that all such Tobacco, Tobacco

Forfeitme on the Removal whereof Certificates are by the said at required.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer of the Customs or Excise to seize and prosecute any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks or Snuff which shall be removed from one Place to another in greater Quantities than by the said Act are allowed, and shall not be attended with such Certificates as by the said Act are required; and the Proof that such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks or Snuff had before been removed from the Port of Importation with a proper Certificate, and that the Duties payable thereon had been paid or secured, shall be upon the Claimer or Claimers of the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks and Snuff so seized, and not upon the Officer or Officers so seizing and prosecuting the same.

niovtd with a CCI tificate. Sec. to lie on the Claimer.

Proviso for the Exportation of t bacco imported before 29 Sept. 1751.

The Inn from whence any to t>il co may be cmried, to be in ferted in Head of the Carriers Name on the

Certificate for removing To bacco jiot necessary to contain the im porcu Name.

Second Pure hater of an Hojphead of unmanufactured Tobacco in tit led to a Cet tificate on the Removal, See.

9 Ann. C io. o Geo. 1. c. 21.

§ 51. G. 2. C 33. 21 Geo 2. C 25.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this or in the said Act contained, shall extend to prohibit the Exportation to Parts beyond the Seas of any Tobacco which hath been imported before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and shall be exported at any Time before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, from any Port where the same shall be on the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three.

IV. Provided also, That if on the Back of any Certificate to be granted by virtue of the said Act for removing or carrying any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff by Land, the Inn from whence the same shall be carried shall be described, such Certificate shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the Name of the Person by whom the same shall be carried or conveyed were inserted thereon; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Back of the Ceuificafe.

V. Provided also, That every Certificate to be granted by virtue of the said Act, for removing or conveying Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks or Snuff, to be carried by Land or by Water from one Port or Place to another, shall be and be deemed a proper Certificate for that Purpose, although in such Certificate the Name or Names of the Person or Persons by whom the said Tobacco was imported, or by whom the Duties payable thereon were paid or secured, be not inserted therein, so as every other Requisite directed by the said Act, in case of such Removal, be observed, and the Name or Names of the Importer or Importers of such Tobacco be retained and expressed in the Bill or Bills from which such Certificates are, in the accustomed Manner, prepared; such Bill or Bills to be delivered to the Collector, or other chief Officer or Officers of the Port where the said Tobacco shall have been imported; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, That the second Purchaser of any entire Hogshead of unmanufactured Tobacco shall and may be intitled to the Benefit of a Certificate, on the Removal of any such Tobacco, or of any Stalks stripped, or any Snuff or manufactured Tobacco made therefrom, by Land or by Water, in like manner as Certificates by the said Act are directed to be granted to the first Purchaser from the Importer; and that in all such Certificates so to be granted to such second Purchaser of any entire Hogshead or Hogsheads of such Tobacco, the Name of the Importer or Importers, Seller or Sellers thereof, may be omitted, provided that the Seller to such second Purchaser shall have delivered to the Collector, or other chief Officer of the Port where such Tobacco shall have been imported, such and the like Account as the Importer or Importers thereof are by the said Act required to give.

Every Writ, See to pay as a di letter,

VII. And whereas by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions; the Post Master General and his Deputy and Deputies is and are authorised to demand, have, receive and take for the Portage and Conveyance of every single Letter or Piece of Paper sent to and from the General Post Office in London, to and from any Parts or Places in Great Britain, or the Kingdom of Ireland, certain Rates in the said Act mentioned: And whereas one or more Writ or Writs or other Proceedings at Law are frequently sent inclosed in a Letter, or wrote upon one and the same Piece of Paper with a Letter;' Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Writ and every such Proceeding at Law shall be rated, taxed and paid for as a several and distinct Letter, according to the Rates mentioned in the said Act.

A.D. 1752. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 13. 479

VIII. And whereas Patterns of Cloth, Silk, Stuff, and small Samples of other Sorts of Goods, and other Things, not being Paper, are frequently sent inclosed in a single Letter or Piece of Paper; Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every single Letter or Cover containing one or more Paper or Papers with Patterns, or containing one or more Pattern or Patterns of Cloth, Silk or Stuff, or one or more Sample or Samples of any other Sort of Goods, or one or more Piece or Pieces of any other Sort of Thing inclosed therein or affixed thereto, though not Paper, if the same together do not weigh an Ounce Weight, the Rates payable by the said Act for a double Letter shall be paid, and no more.

IX. And whereas by an Act made in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, entitled, x«r&Geo. - C

And whereas by an Act made in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences for retailing the same, and for laying other Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences to retail the said Liquors; it is enacted, That no Licence shall be granted to any Person or Persons whatsoever for selling by Retail any Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters whatsoever, except to such Persons only who shall keep Taverns, Victualling-houses, Inns, Coffee-houses, or Ale-houses, and that if any such Licences shall be granted to any other Persons, the same are thereby declared void to all Intents and Purposes; and it is thereby also enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall presume or offer to retail any of the said Spirituous Liquors without taking out such Licence as is therein mentioned, and renewing the same yearly, in manner therein mentioned, he, she or they, shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Pounds for each Offence; and in case such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Sum of ten Pounds, the same being lawfully demanded, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City or Liberty, upon Information upon Oath being made before him or them of such Refusal or Neglect, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Person or Persons to the House of Correction for the County, Riding, Division, City or Liberty, wherein such Person or Persons shall reside, there to remain and to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of two Months, to be reckoned from the Day of the said Commitment; and the Person or Persons shall not be discharged until he, she or they, shall have paid the said Sum of ten Pounds, or until the full Expiration of the said two Months; and that nothing in the said Act shall extend or be construed to enable any Person or Persons to sell any Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters by Retail, unless such Person or Persons be first licensed to sell Ale by two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City or Liberty wherein such Person or Persons shall sell the said Liquors, under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices: And whereas by one other Act made in the seventeenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Surplus or Remainder of the Monies arisen or to arise by the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and for explaining and amending the said Act in relation to the Retailers of such Liquors, and for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies) it is enacted, That in case where a Licence shall have been granted for retailing Spirituous Liquors to any Person who shall at the Time of granting such Licence keep a Tavern, Victualling-house, Inn, Coffee-house or Alehouse, if such Person so licensed shall afterwards during the Time of continuing such Licence exercise the Trade of a Distiller, Grocer or Chandler, or keep a Brandy Shop or Shops for Sale of Spirituous Liquors, the Licence granted in every such Case shall be void; and such Persons retailing Spirituous Liquors afterwards shall forfeit ten Pounds for every such Offence, notwithstanding such Licence so obtained; and that no Licence for retailing Spirituous Liquors shall authorize any Person to whom the same may be granted to sell such Spirituous Liquors in any other Place except in such Houses or Places thereunto belonging wherein he, she or they shall inhabit and dwell at the Time of granting such Licence, which Penalties by virtue of the said Act made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign may be mitigated by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture may be mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise: And whereas in and by a Clause in an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Spirituous Liquors, and upon Licences for retailing the same; and for repealing the Act of the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting a Duty to his Majesty to be paid by Distillers, upon Licences to be taken out by them for retailing Spirituous Liquors, and for the more effectually restraining the retailing of distilled Spirituous Liquors; and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of British made Spirits; and that the Parish of Saint Mary le Bon in the County of Middlesex shall be under the Inspection of the Head Office of Excise) reciting, That it may be doubted whether the said Penalty of ten Pounds can be recovered within the Limits of the Head Office of Excise in London before a Justice or Justices of the Peace; it is thereby declared and enacted, That the said Penalty may be recovered, and any Person retailing Spirituous Liquors without a Licence within the Limits of the said Head Office, may be convicted before any Justice of the Peace for the City, County or Liberty, where the Offence shall be committed, as well as before the Commissioners of Excise; and that such Penalty shall not in any Case, either by the said Commissioners or Justice of the Peace, be mitigated or reduced below the Sum of five Pounds: And whereas, notwithstanding the last recited Clause, it may be doubted whether the Justices of the Peace acting in the several Places which are not within the Limits of or under the immediate Care, Inspection and Management of the said Head Office of Excise, may not mitigate or reduce the said Penalties, of ten Pounds below the Sum of five Pounds:' Now to obviate such Doubt, be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Penalties of ten Pounds shall not in any Case be mitigated or reduced below the Sum of five Pounds, either by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Justices of Peace, whether such Justices act within or without the Limits of the said Head Office of Excise.

gated below 51.

X. And whereas by one other Clause in the said Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-fourth Year 1.;. Geo. 2. c. 40, of his present Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, That no Licence for the selling by Retail of Spirituous

480 C 13. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

And whereas by one other Clause in the said Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, That no Licence for the selling by Retail of Spirituous Liquors, shall be granted within the Limits of the Head Office of Excise in London, but to such as shall occupy a Tenement or Tenements of the yearly Value of ten Pounds or upwards, and for which they shall accordingly be rated, and pay in the Parish Rates; and that no Licence shall be of any Avail to any Person not so qualified, or for any longer Time than the Person so licensed shall be qualified as aforesaid, but shall be absolutely void: And whereas it is the true Intent and Meaning of the said Clause, that no Licence for retailing Spirituous Liquors be granted within the Limits of the Head Office of Excise in London, to any Person but to such as are sufficient and of Ability to occupy a Tenement or Tenements of the yearly Value of ten Pounds or upwards; and such Rate and Payment to the Church and Poor, is intended only as an additional Proof of such Sufficiency: And whereas within the Limits of the Head Office of Excise in London, there are several Persons who keep Taverns, Victualling-houses, Inns, Coffee-houses or Ale-houses, for which they pay considerably more than ten Pounds a Year, but such Persons are not rated, and do not pay accordingly to the Church and Poor for the same, such Taverns, Victualling-houses, Inns, Coffee-houses and Ale-houses, being situate in Places where Occupiers of Houses or Tenements are not rated or rateable to the Church and Poor;' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's Commissioners of Excise, and their Officers respectively, within the Limits of the said Head Office of Excise in London, to grant and deliver Licences for the retailing of Spirituous Liquors, pursuant to the Directions of the said several Acts of Parliament made in the sixteenth and twenty-fourth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, or either of them, to any Person or Persons within the Limits of the said Head Office of Excise in London, applying for such Licence or Licences, who shall at the Time of his, her or their Application for the same, in any Tenement situate in any Place where the Occupiers of Houses or Tenements are not rated or rateable to the Church and Poor, keep a Tavern, Victualling-house, Inn, Coffee-house or Ale-house, for which he, she or they respectively shall, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Excise, make it appear that he, she or they, do really and bona fide pay the full yearly Rent or Sum of twelve Pounds or upwards, without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever, although the Person or Persons so applying for such Licence or Licences be not actually rated, and do not pay to the Church and Poor for the same accordingly.

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That every Person to be licensed for the retailing of Spirituous Liquors, pursuant to this Act, shall be subject to all other Provisions of the several Laws now in Force, in any wise relating to the retailing of Spirituous Liquors, or to the licensing the Retailers thereof, and on Breach of the said Provisions, or any of them, shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties, Forfeitures and Punishments, in the same Manner as other Retailers of Spirituous Liquors now are; and all and every Person and Persons authorised to put the said Laws in Execution against the Offenders acting contrary to them, or any of them, are hereby authorised and required to put the said Laws and each of them in Execution, against every Person to be licensed as aforesaid, who shall offend against the said Laws, or any of them.

XII. And whereas in and by one other Clause in the said Act of Parliament made in the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, That from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, no Person whatsoever, being a common Brewer of Ale or Beer, or Inn-keeper, Distiller, or other Seller of or Dealer in any Kind of Spirituous Liquors, or who is or are or shall be interested in any of the said Trades or Businesses, shall during such Time as he or they shall be such common Brewer, Inn-keeper, Distiller, or other Seller of or Dealer in Spirituous Liquors, or interested in any of the said Trades or Businesses, be capable or have any Power to act, or shall be directly or indirectly concerned in acting as a Justice of the Peace, in any Matter or Thing whatsoever which shall any ways concern the Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament in any wise relating to Distillers or Makers of Low Wines, Spirits or Strong Waters for Sale, or to the Duty or Duties imposed upon Low Wines, Spirits or Strong Waters, or any other Kind of Spirituous Liquors whatsoever, or to the granting Licences to the Retailers of Spirituous Liquors: And whereas notwithstanding the last recited Clause, it is doubted whether common Brewers of Ale or Beer, or Inn-keepers, Distillers, or other Sellers of or Dealers in any Kind of Spirituous Liquors, or who are or shall be interested in any of the said Trades or Businesses, being Justices of the Peace, may not grant Licences to the Retailers of Beer or Ale, which Licence is one of the necessary Requisites to intitle such Retailers to apply for a Licence to retail Spirituous Liquors: And whereas it is reasonable that such Persons, and also Victuallers and Masters, being Justices of the Peace, should be restrained from granting Licences to retail Beer and Ale; Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, no Justice of the Peace, being a common Brewer of Ale or Beer, Inn-keeper or Distiller, or other Seller of or Dealer in Ale or any Kind of Spirituous Liquors, or interested in any of the said Trades or Businesses, or being a Victualler or Master, shall during such Time as he shall be such common Brewer, Inn-keeper, Distiller, Victualler or Master, or other Seller of or Dealer in Ale or Spirituous Liquors, or interested in any of the said Trades or Businesses, be capable or have any Power to grant any Licence or Licences to any Person or Persons whatsoever, for selling Ale, Beer, or any other Liquors by Retail; and in case any such Justice or Justices shall, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, presume to grant any such Licence, the same shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

r'tiaous Liquors see farther 27 Geo. 2. c. 11. 31 Geo. a. C 36. 32 Geo. 2. t. 29. 33geo. 2. C 9 & 2$.

Poor.

Beaterio del Santísimo, 2, 4º D

Persons so liven fed, to be subject to the Laws III Force, Ac.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 14, 15. 481

CAP. XIV

An act for the settling and ascertaining the Fees to be taken by Clerks to Justices of the Peace.

WHEREAS some Doubts have arisen touching the Fees due to Clerks of Justices of the Peace:

And whereas it would tend to the due Execution of the Laws, and to the Ease of the Subject, that the Fees to be taken by the said Clerks should be ascertained Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Justices ofjuftxes to settle the Peace throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, at their respective General quarter sef a Tall, e of i, <: cs ftons of the Peace, to be held next after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred andhy fifty-three, shall, and they are hereby required to make and settle a Table of the Fees which shall be taken'

by Clerks to Justices of the Peace within the County, City, or other Division, for which such respective General quarter Sessions shall! be held; and such respective Tables of Fees, being approved by the Justices of the Peace at the next succeeding General quarter Sessions of the Peace for such County,

City, or other Division, with such Alterations as such Justices of the Peace so assembled shall think t0 fce ratified by proper, shall be laid before the Judges at the next Assizes, or at the Great Sessions for the Principality of Wales, and Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, for the respective County, City, oa lize other Division; the said Judges are hereby authorised and required to ratify and confirm such respective Tables of Fees, in such Manner and Form as the same shall be made, settled and approved of by the said Justices, or with such Alterations, Additions or Abatements, as to such Judges shall appear to be just and reasonable; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices of Peace, in their respective quarter sef justices ma). fions assembled, from Time to Time to make any other Table of Fees to betaken, instead of the Fees make nsw ia contained in the Table which shall have been ratified and confirmed by the Judges of Assize; and after the Mes of Fees 5 same shall have been approved by the Justices of the Peace at the next succeeding General Quarter sessions, in Manner as aforesaid, to lay such new Table of Sees before the Judges at the next Assizes, or at theo be ratified in Great Sessions for the Principality of Wales and Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, whothe same man are hereby empowered and authorised to approve and ratify the same in Manner as aforesaid, if they thinknfr' fit; but no Table of Fees to be made and settled by the said respective Justices of Peace, shall be of By 'n Gee c. 16. Validity or eft eft whatsoever until the same shall be ratified and confirmed by the said Judges. thetahuinmid

dkfex is to be ratifed by Chief, Justices, SV.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time after the Space of three penalty of 20l. Calendar Months from the Time that such Table of Fees shall be made and ratified as aforesaid, any Clerk cler! "taking or Clerks to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any Person or Persons acting as such, shall, underotherfe' 's Pretence of any Matter or Thing done, transacted or performed by such Justice or Justices in the Execution of his or their Office or Offices, or done, transacted or performed by such Person or Persons as Clerk or Clerks to such Justice or Justices, demand or receive any other or greater Fee than shall have been ascertained, ratified and confirmed in Manner as aforesaid, such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay twenty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Tables of Fees which shall bctables of the made and settled, and ratified and confirmed from Time to Time as aforesaid, shall be deposited with thefees to be depo clerk of the Peace for the respective County, City, or other Division; each of the said Clerks of the£'ed, wltr the Peace shall cause true and exact written or printed Copies of the said Tables to be placed and to be keptp^j5 01 constantly in a conspicuous Part of the Room or Place where the General or Quarter Sessions shall be '

held; under pain of forfeiting the Sum of ten Pounds for each Offence, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, whsrein^dt^, "jr?" no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more titan one Imparlance shall be granted or the Room where allowed. the Sessions are

held, under Penalty of 10l.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Suits and Addons Limitations of

which shall be brought or commenced by Virtue of this Act, shall be brought before the End of threeactions. Months after the Offence committed, and not otherwise. Comermvgjefius

of Peccs see. zj. And farther 27 Geo. 2. c. 16 & 20. 1 Geo. 3. c. 13.

CAP. XV.

An Act for allowing Interest upon certain Debentures for the Bounty granted on the

Exportation of Corn.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, w & a L ' intituled An act for the encouraging the Exportation of Com, it is enacted, That when Malt or C il, "

Barley, Winchester Miafure, shall be; t twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, or under. Rye at thirty-two

482

C 15. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

Shillings per Quarter, or under, Wheat at forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, or under, in any Port of englands>e ivales, every Merchant, or other Person, who mall put on Shipboard, in such Manner as by the said Act is directed, any Sorts of the Corn aforesaid, with Intent to export the same to Parts beyond the Seas, and hall bring a Certificate in Writing under his Hand, containing the Quantity and Quality of the Coi n so hipped, to the Farmers, Commissioners, Collectors, or other Persons appointed to collect the Duties and Rates arising by Customs within in any such Port, hall, upon such Proof of the said Certificate, and upon giving such Bond as by the said Act is required, have and receive from such Farmers, Commissioners, Collectors, or other Persons, in any Port respectively where the same Corn shall be so hipped, for every Quarter of Barley or Malt, ground or unground, two Shillings and sixpence; for every Quarter of Rye, ground or unground, three Shillings and sixpence; 4 for every Quarter of Wheat, ground or ungrouna, five Shillings; of which' Sums every such commissioner. Farmer, or other Person, is thereby authorised and required, upon Demand by such Exporter, to make present Payment accordingly: And whereas by a Clause in an Act made in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for an additional Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; the Benefit and Advantage by the said first mentioned Act given to the Exporters of Corn from any Port in England or ivales, is also granted in like manner to the Exporters of Corn from the Town and Port of j Ann. C sp. 4 Berwick upon Tweed: And whereas by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for Ease of her majesty's sub]eels in relation to the Duties upon Salt; and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of 11 kite Herrings, Flesh, Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer, alias Bigg, as are to be made upon the Exportation of the like from Scotland; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That for all Oatmeal or Grain called Beer, alias Bigg, which shall be exported from any Port of England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to Parts beyond the Seas, by any Merchant or other Person or Persons whatsoever, there shall be the like Precmium given upon the Exportation thereof as is to be given (by the Articles of Union) upon the Exportation of Oatmeal or Beer from Scotland

by which Articles of Union it is provided. That seeing by the Laws of England there are Rewards

granted upon the Exportation of certain Kinds of Grain, wherein Oats grinded or ungrinded are not expressed, from and after the Union, when Oats shall be sold at fifteen Shillings Sterling per Quarter,

or under, there shall be paid two Shillings and sixpence Sterling for every Quarter of the Oatmeal

'exported in the Terms of the Law, whereby and so long as Rewards are granted for Exportation of other Grain, and that the Beer of Scotland have the same Rewards as Barley: And whereas by another S Ann. C s9. 1 Clause in the said Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, it is enacted, That every

Merchant, or other Person, exporting Malt made of Wheat, hall have and receive for every Quarter of Malt made of Wheat, or Wheat Malt, ground or unground, five Shillings, to be paid by the respective Persons mentioned in the said Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the Exportation of Corn: And whereas by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for better preventing Frauds in the malt ing of Corn for Exportation, it is enacted, That there shall be paid to the Malfters and Makers of

of Malt for Exportation, for every twenty Quarters of Barley, or other Corn or Grain, that shall be

entered and made into Malt for Exportation, an Allowance of thirty Quarters after the same shall be dried and made into Malt, and no more, upon the Exportation thereof, according to the said Act made in the first: Year of the Reign oftcing William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the Exportation of Corn; and in such Cases where by the said Act they are entitled to the same; and so in proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity; payable in such Manner as by the said Act made in the i" & j7 w >*third Year of his present Majesty's Reign is directed: whereas by a Clause in an Act made in

cio. §, 93/ C the twelfth and thirteenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting

an Aid to his Majesty for defraying the Expense of his Navy, Guards and Garrisons for one Year and for other necessary Occasions; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That if the Collector of the Customs of any Port wherein Corn shall be exported, hall not have sufficient in his Hands to satisfy and pay such Sum or Sums of Money which are 01 shall be due to any Exporter by virtue of the said Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, arising out of the Customs and Duties out of which it ought to be paid, upon Demand, according to the Intent of the said Act, that then such Collector hall give to the Person demanding such Sum or Sums of Money, without Fee or Reward, a 4 Certificate under his Hand of what is due to such Person for the Corn exported from such Port, certi fying to the Commissioners of the Customs at London, that he hath not Moneys in his Hands sufficient to pay the same; which Certificate being annexed to the Debenture for the Corn so exported, and being produced to his Majesty's Commissioners of the Customs at London, they the said Commissioners are thereby authorised and required, on Demand by the Person that shall bring the same, to cause the Moneys thereby due to be paid in three Months by the General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs. out of such Moneys as shall be in his Hand, arising out of such Customs or Duties in the said Port of London as are chargeable with the Payment of any Money for the Exportation of Corn, according to the said Act, without Fee or Reward, as in and by the said several Acts above recited or mentioned,

Relation being thereunto respectively had, may more fully appear: And whereas by reason of the great Quantity of Corn which of late hath been exported, the Revenue applicable to the Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation thereof (being charged also with other Payments) hath not been sufficient to satisfy and pay all such Moneys due lor Corn exported, as by virtue of the said Act made in the twelfth and thirteenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, are in Manner therein mentioned, payable by the said General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs; diverse Debentures for such Moneys so payable do and may for that Reason remain unfiitisfied Now, for making a reasonable Compensation

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

C 15. 483

for such Delay of Payment, anj to the End that the Owners and Tillers of Land, and the Nation in general, may continue to enjoy the Benefit defigtied by the said Bounty on the Exportation of Corn,

Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if at any Time from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, any Debenture for the Bounty on Corn exported, so payable by the said General receiverix i enturre reor

Cashier of the Customs, shall remain unsatisfied more than six Months next following the Day when unutl, s'

the same shall or may have been produced to the of of the Customs at London, according to

the Directions of the said Act made in the twelfth and thirteenth Year of the Reign of King William the ori. pet Con

Third, then and in such Case, for the Forbearance of such Money as, after the Expiration of the said six turn.

Months, shall be due on such Debenture, Interest after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum fer Annum shall be allowed to the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, his, her or their Execuiors, Administrators or Afilgns; such Interest to be computed from the End of the said six Months until the Money due on such Debenture, together with such Interest, shall be paid, or until Money sufficient fhsdl lie reserved in the.

Hands of the said General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs for that Purpose, and proper Notice shall be given thereof.

II. And to the End that proper Notice may be given that Money sufficient is reserved for that Purpose, and that the Persons to whom any such Principal or Interest shall be due, may not avail themselves of their

neglet to demand the same; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when Money fufk isrotice ta V

cient shall be reserved in the Hands of the said General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs, for Payment cn when m

of the Principal and Interest due on any such Debentures, as after the Expiration of the said six Months ney is in H mi

fttall remain unsatisfied, the said General Receiver or Cashier shall and may give Notice in Writing to

affixed on three or more Doors of some public Place or Places in the custont house, London, and to be cl>'n ur"s '

advertised in the London Gazette, That on a certain Day to be limited in the said Notice, and on the four Days next following such Day (so as six Days at the least intervene between the Date of such Notice, and the Day so limited, and so as Sundays and Holidays be not included in the Number of such

four Days) he shall be ready to pay and discharge the Principal Snd Interest due on such Debentures;

after the Expiration of which five Days, if Payment of such Principal and Interest shall not be demanded aftary.hiclitime

suant to the said Notice, all Interest on such Debentures shall cease and determine. Interest to ceafr.

III. Provided always, That the Principal Moneys due on such Debentures, together with such Interest princ; oaj !0 be as shall be due thereupon, before the Expiration of the Time limited in the said Notice, shall at any Time paid nauvirh afterwards upon Demand be paid to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Debentures, his, her or their Ending. Executors, Administrators or Assigns.

IV. Provided also, and Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time after the Day if there shall be prefixed by Order of the said Commissioners of the Customs, for the Payment of any such Debentures at any Time

so produced to them, and before the End of six Months next following the Day on which the famet lcrfafer shall have been so produced to them, the said General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs ftlall^w) t'o'nd; F*Money in his Hands sufficient to satisfy the same; and the like Notice shall by him be given charge the Ditin Manner before mentioned, that he is ready make Payment thereof; and no Demand of such Paymentbentures, and shall be made within the Time limited in such Notice, then and in such Case, no Interest whatsoever shallnotice be g'vsn be allowed on such Debentures; anything in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. ccjfej CV

Provided nevertheless, and Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all deben iand fn. tures for Corn exported, payable as is aforesaid by the General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs, accord terest to be paid ing to the Intention of the said Act made in the twelfth and thirteenth Year of the Reign of King ifllliam'.a Course.

the Third, together with the Interest thereof, payable by virtue of this Add, (if any such Interest shall be due) shall he paid by the said General Receiver or Cashier in Course, respet being had to the Times when such Debentures mail have been produced to the Commissioners of the Customs, in Manner before mentioned, without any other Preference of one before another.

VI. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Certificate under Day of prdint the Hand of the Collector of the Customs of any Port, affixed to any Debenture for Corn exported from "=" "°cb^<lol> such Port, certifying to the Commissioners of the Customs at London, that he hath no Moneys in his handscateonand an or sufficient to pay what is due for Corn so exported, shall be produced to the said Commissioners, they shalljer far the pay immediately in such Manner as hath been accustomed, cause an Endorsement to be made on the Back ofment and lateral the said Debenture, of the Day when the same was so produced; and shall as soon as conveniently may be, to b flsn"d sign their Order to the said General Receiver or Cashier for Payment thereof, and of such Interest as shall

grow due thereon by virtue of this Act, if the Principal shall not be paid before the Time when the Interest allowed by this Act is direted to commence.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the t

General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs, and he is hereby authorised and required, when he fttall make£mia e JU'

Payment of the Principal Money due on any such Debenture, to pay also without Fee or Reward, the

Interest which shall be due thereon, by virtue of this Act, out of such Moneys as shall be in his Hands, arising out of such Customs or Duties, as are chargeable with the Payment of any Money for the Exportation of Corn; and the Moneys so paid by him, in Obedience to this Act, shall be accepted of in his Account, as so much Money paid to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and he shall be discharged therefrom accordingly.

VIII. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person to whom Debentures af ny Money shall be payable for Corn exported by Virtue of any such Debenture, and his or her execu fisnal'; e'

tors.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

A.D.

Where there is not Money in

h ind to pay the .1. Bounty on Com j; exported from

*753-

cutors, Administrators or Assigns, by proper Words of Alignment to be endorsed upon such Debenture, may assign and transfer his or her Right and Interest: therein, to any other; which Endorsement shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee or Assignees may in like Manner assign again, and so toiies quoties, at any Time before Payment thereof shall be made by the said General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs as aforesaid

And whereas by the sixth Article of the Treaty of Union, it is provided that all Parts of the united Kingdom for ever, from and after the Union, hall have the same Allowances, Encouragements and Drawbacks, and be under the same Prohibitions, Restrictions and Regulations of Trade, and liable to the same Customs and Duties on Import and Export; and that the Allowances, Encouragements and Drawbacks, Prohibitions, Restrictions and Regulations of Trade, and the Customs and Duties on Im 4 port and Export settled in England, when the Union commences, shall from and after the Union, take place throughout the whole united Kingdom; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time, from and after tile twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, the Collector of the Customs at any Port in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from which Corn

shall be exported, shall not have sufficient in his Hand to satisfy and pay such Sum or Sums of Money, 'thm, a cer which are or shall be due to any Exporter, by virtue of the Laws now in Being, arising out of the Customs

Scotland tificate to be granted j

and Duties, out of which it ought to be paid, that then such Collector shall give to the Person demanding such Sum or Sums of Money, without Fee or Reward, a Certificate under his Hand, of what is due to such Person for the Corn exported from such Port, certifying to the Commissioners of the Customs at edln and thedeb?n burgh, that he hath not Moneys in his Eland sufficient to pay the same; which Certificate being annexed thaeceiverge310 Debenture for the Corn so exported, and being produced to the Commissioners of the Customs at \n\hkq -edinoiirgb, they the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required, on Demand by the Person Months. that shall bring the same, to cause the Moneys thereby due, to be paid in three Months, by the General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs in Scotland, out of such Moneys as shall be in his Hand, arising out of such Customs or Duties as are chargeable with the Payment of any Money for the Exportation of Corn, without Fee or Reward.

Debentures re.

X And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time from and after the twenty maimng unfatif fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, any Debenture for the Bounty on Corn tied for 6 Months exported, so payable by the said General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs in Scotland, shall remain un cein mkreh persatisfied more than six Months next following the Day when the same shall or may have been produced to the Commissioners of the Customs at Edinburgh as aforesaid, then and in such Case for the E'orbearance or Delay of Payment of such Money, as after the Expiration of the said six Months shall be due on such Debenture, Interest after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum shall be allowed to the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns; Interest to be computed from the End of the said six Months, until the Money due on such Debenture, together with such Interest shall be paid, or until Money sufficient shall be referred in the Hand of the said General Receiver or Cashier Notice to be giv of the Customs in Scotland for that Purpose; like Notice shall be given thereof in Writing, to be af cn when the iamefixec] on onc ol more Doors of some public Place or Places in the customhouse at Edinburgh, and to be discharvd tand acivertiled in the Edinburgh Currant, that the said General Receiver or Cashier is ready to pay and discharge interest u cease.ti'c Principal and Interest due on such Debentures; after the Expiration of which Time limited in such Notice, if Payment of such Principal and Interest shall not be demanded, pursuant to the said Notice, all Interest on such Debentures shall cease and determine, if there shall be

XI. Provided also, That if at any Time after the Day prefixed by the Order of the said Commissioners h rafter Mo e A Customs at Edinburgh, for the Payment of any such Debenture so produced to them, and before the in handhiffi^end of six Months next following the Day on which the same shall have been so produced to them, eat to pay off the the said General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs in Scotland shall have Money in his Hand sufficient Debentures, ^and to satisfy the same, and the like Notice shall by him be given in Manner before mentioned, that he is Notice be given, ready to make Payment thereof, and no Demand of such Payment shall be made within the Time limited ceaf ter( to r Dch Notice, then and in such Case no Interest whatsoever shall be allowed on such Debentures. Debentures in

XII. Provided also, That all Debentures for Corn exported, payable as aforesaid by the General Re voriand to be ceiver or Cashier of the Customs in Scotland, together with the Interest thereof, by virtue of this act (if paid by the gene ajfy fjch Interest shall be due) shall be paid jay the said General Receiver or Cashier in Course, Respeift eln!. c.ei, v!rjf, nd being had to tie Times when such Debentures shall have been produced to the Commissioners of the Customs at Edinburgh as aforesaid, without any other Preference of one before another, according to the Endorsement to be made on the Back of the said Debenture of the Day when the same was so produced; and every such Debenture shall be payable to the Person therein named, or to his or her Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by one or more Indorsements as aforesaid.

See father 1 o

Gee. 2. C 1 & 1 S °'v 1^25- 31 Csa - "- S

without undue Preference.

A.D.

17 5 3*

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

C i 6, 17. 485

CAP. XVI.

x\n Act for reducing the Number of Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Com vo>fcnkrr>i

pany of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts o i America

D. j this Company refer

and for encouraging the riinery; and for regulating the Election of the Governors and9a, «. C 21. Directors of the said Company. 0^2

Ann. sat. 2. C 9. I Geo. 1. c. 21. 3 (?*». 1. r. g. 5 gvo. 1. C ig. 6 Geo. 1. c. 4 * II 7 (?w. 1. r. 5. 7 Geo. 1. 2. S gvo. I. f. 20, 21 Sf 22. 9

g^c. 1. C 6. 1 Geo. 2. r. 8. 3 Geo 2 f. x6 20. 4 Geo. 2. f. 5. 5 Geo. 2. c. 17. 6 Geo. 2. r. 23 & 28. 7 gvo. 2. C 17.9gvo. 2. C 34. iogeo.2. C 17. 20 Geo. 2. c. 3* 24 2. C 2 11.

WHEREAS in and by the Charter of Incorporation granted in pursuance of an Act of the ninth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne to the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Bri ' t in trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, bearingdate the eighth Day of septe?/iber in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven, it is amongst other Things directed, That for the good Government of the said Company, there should be for ever a C Court of Directors, to consist of one Governor, one Sub governor and one Deputy governor, and thirty Directors, and that the Majority of the said Court of Directors, whereof the Governor, Sub governor or Deputy governor (except as in the said Charter is excepted) to be always one, should be deemed a ' Court of Directors; and that from and after the Election, by the said Charter directed to be made be 1 tween the twenty-fifth Day of December and the sixth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, of and for such Governors and Directors, such Election should from thenceforth be made every third Year between the twenty fifth Day of December and the sixth Day of February, for ever: And whereas the said Company, at a General Court held on the first Day of February one thousand seven and fifty-three, came to a Resolution that proper Application should be made to Parliament in the Name of the said Company, that from and after the Expiration of the three Years for which the present Governors and Directors are chosen, the Court of Directors of the said Company might consist of one Governor, one Sub governor, one Deputy governor, and eighteen Directors only, and that the Majority of such Court of Directors, whereof the Governor, Suh governor or Deputy governor except as in the said company's Charter is excepted) to be always one, might from thenceforth be deemed ' a Court of Directors; and that from thenceforth also the Election of Governors and Directors might be annually, between the twenty-fifth Day of December and the sixth Day of February.; and that the first Election of Governors and eighteen Directors might be between the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, and the sixth Day of February then next following: And whereas,

the said Governor and Company, by their Petition under their Common Seal, have prayed that they may be enabled, by Authority of Parliament, to carry the aforesaid Resolution of their General Court, C into executionmay it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, upon the humble Petition and Request of the said Governor and Company, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after thethe Number of Expiration of the three Years for which the present Governors and Directors are chosen, the Court of di L ch c?llrt rectors of the said Company do and shall consist of one Governor, one Sub governor, one Deputy gover^1s

nor, and twenty-one Directors only; and that the Majority of such Court of Directors, whereof the Governor, Sub governor or Deputy governor (except as in the Charter of the said Company is excepted) to be always one, shall from thenceforth be deemed and be a Court of Directors.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the next General At the next Ge election of Directors, twenty-one Directors and no more, who were" at the last preceding General Election neral Election of Directors chosen into the Office of Directors, may be again appointed or chosen into the Office of Di °q)!?e f'fe rectors; and that at and in every subsequent Election no more than fifteen who were at the last preceding ^ren3' General Election of Directors chosen into the Office of Director, shall be again appointed or chosen into dj' fui the Office of Director; any bylaw of the said Governor and Company to the contrary thereof in anyfenq >ne'lry u wise notwithstanding.

uent one. no more than 15 of those in the precedingelc&ion.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Salaries of the Salines of the Governors and Directors of the said Governor and Company shall continue and be the same as theyg?vemors and now are; any bylaw of the said Governor and Company to the contrary thereof in any wise not with 13'"^' Handing.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the more effectual levying of the Duties upon Windows or Lights in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his pre: ogeo. i. C 3, sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the severed Rates and Duties upon Hrufes, Windows and Lights, and for granting unto his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, windows and Lights; and for other Uses and Purposes in the said Act expressed: And whereas another Act of Parliament was made in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending audio. Geo. a. C 10,

4. ' farther

4^6 C ij. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

farther enforcing the Execution of the said Act of the twentieth of his present Majesty, by which several Amendments and Alterations of the aforesaid Act were made: And whereas those Acts have not proved effectual for raising and levying the Duties upon Windows or Lights in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and it is therefore necessary that some further Provisions be made for that Purpose Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Duties and Rates by the said Act imposed upon Windows or L ghts in that Part of this Kingdom called Scotland shall, from and after the fifteenth Day of May in this present Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, be raised, levied and collected in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to

The Commissionsay. The Commissioners of the land-tax who have been appointed for levying the land-tax for the ners of the Land year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, and such Commissioners as shall be appointed for levying Affcfibistor fur land tax for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and foin Time coming for all vcying the Win years thereafter, shall upon the first Day of their Meeting, or at any subsequent Meeting, before the hows. second Day of August yearly, nominate and appoint one or more assessors for surveying and numbering the

Windows or Lights of all Houses subject to the said Duty within the several Parishes belonging to or lying within the several Counties or Boroughs wherein the said Commissioners for the said Tax shall be named Notice of such and commissioned to act; and the Clerk to the Lid Commissioners of every Shire or Borough respectively. Nomination to shall give Notice to the affeltors so to be named, of their being named assessors for the Purpose aforesaid, be given to the ancj tat a Jvfotc in Writing subscribed by the Clerk to be delivered to them personally, or left at their e ors' dwelling honles within the Space of ten Days after their being nominated or appointed as aforesaid; and who ate to ap. the said Assessois shall, upon such Day as the Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose, which Day pear before the flat, e within one Calendar Month after their Appointment, personally appear before the Commissioners anti?ablttheir°^ Supply, or any Quorum of them, at their ordinary Place of Meeting, and shall be there inflrudled by

instruaions. Commissioners as to what is their Duty, and what they are to execute, as to the Way and Manner of

surveying and numbering of the Windows or Lights subject to the Duty, jflfliflors to leave H. And be it further enacted, That the said assessors shall, at the Time of their surveying and number s te an iht; ni sod Windows and Lights, leave a Note in Writing with the Occupier of the House, or at the House charge attach f the Survey he hath made, bearing the Number of the Windows or Lights, and the Amount of

House? the Duty with which the said Occupier is to be charged.

Assessois to re

III. And be it enacted, That the said assessors shall report the Survey by them made, and the Number port their Survey of Windows or Lights in each House, and Duty with which the Occupier of every such House is charged, and charge to to the Commissioners of Supply, upon such Day as the Commissioners shall appoint at the Time they give L er instru£b°ns > which Day shall be within twenty Days after the Day of giving the Instructions to the

ct, o uppy. fuid assessors.

Note of the Af

IV. And be it further enacted, That a Note of these Assessments shall forthwith be lodged by the Clerk feffment to be of the Commissioners in the Hands of the Collector of the Eels or land-tax for the said County; and coiirvor of the sat the Collector of the Cess or land-tax for the Time being for each County and Burgh within Scotland, Land ta who shall anc ls hereby appointed, empowered and required to be Collector of the Duty imposed upon win is to colie ft the dows or Lights; and the Cautioners or Sureties for every such Collector of the Cess or land-tax shall be Window tax. farther ipso fadlo bound by virtue of this Act for the due and faithful Performance by such Collector, of all Sureties bound in p arts of the Duty of the Office hereby committed to him, in respect of the Duties on Windows or Lights, Performance ofcattd that under the Penalty of one hundred Pounds Sterling; and that every such Collector of the Cess hi, office. shall likewise be entitled to have an Allowance from the receiver-general of the Sum of threepence per 3d. per Pound Pound of the Money arising from the said Window tax.

allowed him.

V. And whereas by occasion of the Death of persons chosen to be Collectors of the Cess or Land Tax in the several Shires or Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or by other acci dents, it may happen that there shall be a Vacancy of that Office, and by consequence no Collector of Vacancy of Col ' the said Duty on Windows or Lights; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as often ledtor to be filled as it shall happen that there is a Vacancy in the Office of Collector of the Cess or land-tax in any up by the baronsshire or Borough in Scotland, it shall and may be lawful for the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in ot xchujuer. or any two or more of them, upon the Application of the receiver-general or Surveyor General

of the Duties on Windows or Lights, or either of them, to nominate and appoint a Person to officiate as

Collector of the Duty on Windows or Lights within such County or Borough, during the Vacancy of the Office of Collector of the Cess or land L axe within such County or Borough; and the Person or Persons so to be appointed by the said Barons shall have all and every the Powers and Duties concerning the raising, collecting and paying over the said Duty on Windows or Lights, that the Collector of the Cess or land-tax, and of the said Duty, would have had by virtue of this Act; and shall also be entitled to receive from such Shire or Borough, for and during the Time of his Service, the like Salary or Allowance as was given to the last Collector of the land-tax for such Shire or Borough; and that over and above the Allowance of threepence in the Pound of the Duties on Windows or Lights that shall be collected by him tluring the Time of his acting in such Office.

Occupier, to pay

VI. And be it enacted, That the Occupiers of each House, the Windows or Lights whereof are to be the Duty Half charged with the said Duty, shall, by themselves, or others for their Behoof, pay in the Duty with which yiarfv. they are charged, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September, yearly, for the Half Year betwixt

LI 'hitfur.day and Martinmas Day; and on or before the twenty-fifth Day of M rch, yearly, for the Halt Year betwixt Martinmas and Whitsunday, to the Collector of the Cess personally, or at his Office by him

rrovision m cafel, eld for receiving the Land 'Pax, tinless such Occupier shall enter an Appeal against the Affeuinent

ov Appeal. made; in which Case such Appeal shall be discussed before Payment in manner herein after directed, and

shall

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

C 17. 48.7

shall be made only within ten Days after difeuffing or dismissing such Appeal, in the manner herein after provided; and that every such Occupier shall, in case of his not paying in the Duties with which he F On Nonpayment charged, to the Collector of the Cess, upon the Day upon which he is hereby appointed to pay the same, j°jclt tre!i e or within three Days thereafter, forfeit treble the Value and Extent of the Duty with which he lands J L charged.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties by the said Acts imposed, and likewise all Penalties, Eutics and for triple Values, and Forfeitures incurred by virtue of this Add, shall be recovered at the Suit of the respectivcfutures noto Collectors, by distraining or poynding, according to the Forms of the Laws of Scotland, upon warrants1lluvu' j to be granted and subscribed by any two of the Commissioners of Supply, or by the Sheriff, or Depute

Sheriff, of the County from whom such Warrant shall be required, and they are hereby respectively required to grant the same under the Penalty of ten Pounds Sterling, toties quoties, upon Certificate made to them, or either of them, by the Collector of the Cess, that such Penalties or Forfeitures are incurred, an 1 such Duties resting, and not duly paid, which Warrants shall be executed by the Constables or Sheriff Officers of the County; and the Croods or Effects so poynded or distrained shall be valued and appraised by any two Persons, to be appointed by the Sheriff Officer or Constable to value and appraise such Goods, cooi^difluined. which two Persons shall be obliged to value the same, under the Penalty of forty Shillings Sterling, for each Negledi or Refusal; which Valuation shall be made upon the Ground, or at the House where the same were poynded and distrained, and may and shall be sold and disposed of at the Value, by the Officer or Constable who does poynd or distrain the same; and the Value to be applied in the first Place, to the Satisfaction and Payment of the Duty, triple Value or Penalty, owing by the Person whose Goods are so poynded; and in the second Place, to the Payment for the Trouble of the Officer or Constable so poynding, at the Rate of two Shillings per Pound of the Duty, triple Value or Penalty, for which the Goods shall be poynded or distrained, unless the Owner from whom the same were poynded or distrained shall redeem the same by Payment of the appraised Value within the Space of four Days after the Poynding and Valuation, to the Officer who poynded the same; and in case any Surplus shall remain of the Price or Value after Payment of the Duty due or Penalty incurred, and after Payment of what is allowed to be retained by the Officer or Constable in Manner herein directed, such Surplus shall be returned to the Owner from wham the Goods were distrained; and in case no Purchaser or Buyer do appear at C

said Sale, that the said Goods or Effects so poynded or distrained shall be consigned and lodged in the the Distiefa to b Hands of the Sheriff Depute of the County, or his Substitute, and if not redeemed by the Owner within lodged with the the Space of four Days after the Consignment in the Hands of the said Sheriff, that the same shall be rouped, sheriff pcp "'e» sold and disposed of by Order of the Sheriff, in such Manner and at such Time and Place, as he shall ap, ot1t Y

point, he always being liable to the Payment of the Duty, triple Value, or of the Penalty or Penalties in deemed with.n. curred, to the Collector of the Cess, and to the Officer or Constable who shall have poynded the same, for+d.jsj their Trouble and Expense as above flated, in case the Value of the Goods so sold shall amount to the Extent of the Duty and Penalties incurred, and to the Fees due to the Officer or Constable; and shall be in the third Place entitled to one Shilling per Pound of the Value of the Goods so disposed of, for his own

Pains and Trouble, after Preference and Allowance of the Duty or Penalties, and of what is appointed to sccj

be paid to the Officer or Constable for their Pains; and that there shall likewise be allowed to the Officer or Constable so poynding, the Expense of preferring or maintaining the Goods or Cattle so poynded, during the four Days allowed to the Owner to redeem them, and the Expense of the Sale; and in like manner the Expense shall be allowed to the Sheriff for preserving and maintaining the Goods or Cattle distrained, during the four Days that the Owner is allowed to redeem, after Consignment in his Hands, as also the Expense of the Sale.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Officer or Constable who shall dispose of such Goods orxht Duties ani Cattle so poynded, distrained and sold, shall be bound to pay in the Sums arising from tyre Sal?, in so far aspena ties to be extends to the Duties or Penalties for which the same were poynded, to the Collector of the Cess or Land pal ut of the Tax, within ten Days after Receipt of the Price, allowing always what is above allowed for his own

Pains and Expense; and that in like Manner, if the Goods or Cattle distrained shall be disposed of by the m.d. taa." Sheriff, as before directed, he shall, within four Days after Receipt of the Price, be obliged to pay in the same to the Collector of the Cess, after Deduction of what is appointed to be paid to the Officer or con liable who made the Poynding; and after Deduction of what is above allowed to be retained by him for his own Pains and Expense; and shall remain liable to the Collector of the Cess until Payment, and subject to be poynded and distrained therefore in the same Manner as is above provided with regard to any Person, liable to Duties or Penalties in virtue of this Act.

IX. And be it enacted, That every such Collector of the Cess or land-tax, and Duties on windowsov°cr the

or Lights, shall pay over to the receiver-general at Edinburgh, all such Moneys as he shall have received the Receiver in respect of the Duties or Penalties aforesaid, in Manner, and upon the Days of Payment following; General that is to say. The Duties or Penalties arising half yearly betwixt whitsunday and Martinmas, on or before.vejrv the twenty-fifth Day of December in such Year and the Duties and Penalties arising between martinmaspcrj dns, rieve. and Whitsunday, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June Immediately following.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the Persons liable and assessed for thetr Collector may.

Duties aforesaid, in case they shall conceive themselves to be injured by the Assessmenf and Charge made appeai to the upon them by the Surveyor or Assessor; or to the Surveyor or Collector, if he shall judge the Crown toc°m, ijon"rs be leased by the Assessment or Charge made, to appeal to the Commissioners of Supply. _ 01 UPP y

XI. Provided always, That every Occupier of a House who shall conceive himseli to be aggrieved by^nouto/hif'* the assessment or Charge made upon him for his Windows cr Lights, shall, within the Space of fifteengli ".'nce to the Days after the Note in Writing of his Charge being delivered to him, or left at his House by the assessorcollector within.

01: 15 Days after.

488 G. 18.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

A.D.

17 5 3*

the Charge delivered to him.

Collector to make Entry of such Notices,

and give a Copy to the Surveyors.

Appellant not prosecuting, the Charge to Hand good.

commissioners to hold General

Mec rings for Appeals.

Surveyor or Appellant dif satisfied with their Determination, may take

Surveyors to fu pervile the af feffhien ts.

and where any shall be underrated, to give Notice to the Occupier and coije&or, Sec. Commissioners neglecting to appoint afil flors, or assessors neglecting their Duty,

Surveyors to make out a Certificate of the Duties,

and leave a Note of the Charge at the occupier's House,

and to deliver the Certificates to the Collectors, who aje to Jevy and pay over the Duties, Where the Charge shall be controverted, d.firels not to be made till the Appeal determined. See farlher

or Surveyor, by himself, or some other Person acting on his Behalf, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Collector of the Cel's at his Office, a Note in Writing of the Wrong or Grievance of which such Person complains, and whereof he shall be minded to leek Redress by Appeal; and such Collector is hereby required to make an Entry in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose of all such Notices given to him, from Time to Time, and to lay the same before the Paid commissione. s at their first Meeting; and every such Collector is farther hereby required, upon Demand made for that Purpose by the assessors or Surveyors, to give them Inspection and Leave to take a Copy of all such Notices of Appeals, that they may attend the Meeting of the said Commissioners, prepared to answer the same in Support of their Charge.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Party giving such Notice of an Appeal or Complaint shall neglect to insist therein before the said Commissioners at their next General Meeting for difeuffing of Appeals, to be held half yearly in Manner herein after mentioned; then and in that Case such Complaint or Appeal shall be held to be fallen from, and the Charge or Assessment therein referred to shall stand in full Force.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall hold a General Meeting for difeuffing of Appeals upon the ftrli fnesday of August yearly, and another upon the fit ll Tuesday of March yearly, and upon such other Days as the said Coirunissioners shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose: in case either the Surveyor, or the Person so appealing or complaining, shall be and declare themselves dissatisfied with the Determination made by the said Commissioners upon such Appeal, it shall and may be lawful to and for either of them so dissatisfied respectively, to proceed and take the Benefit of the Provision made in such Case in the said Act of the twenty first Year of his Majesty's Reign.

the Benefit of the Provision in the at of 21 Geo. 2. c. 10.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the assessors to be appointed from Time to Time by the said Commissioners, shall perform the Duty committed to them by making their assessments, and bringing in their Certificates, as by the said former Acts is directed, then and in that Case the Surveyors and inspectors appointed or to be appointed in the Manner directed by the said Act of the twentieth of his Majesty, shall proceed according to the Powers thereby given them, to examine and supervise such assessments; and as often as they shall find any Person Occupier of a House to have been underrated, give Notice in Writing of such Neglect or Failure to the Occupier of such House, and also to the Collector hereby appointed; and such additional Charge may and shall be paid, recovered, or the Justice thereof tried and discussed in the Manner, and according to the Rules herein mentioned; and in case at any Time the said Commissioners shall neglect to appoint assessors, or in case the afe stors by them appointed shall fail or neglect to make the Infpsdtion, and bring in the Certificates required of them, that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors to make a Certificate in Writing under their respective Hands of every dwelling house inhabited, or charged by the f.iid Acts of the twentieth and twenty first Years of his Majesty's Reign, within the Limits of those Parishes or Places in which they severally act, and of the Number of Windows or i.ights in each House, with the Names of the several Occupiers of each respective dwelling house, and of the Sums of Money which they ought to pay by virtue of the said Acts, and to deliver or leave a Note in Writing with the Occupier of every House that shall have been by them respectively surveyed, or at the House itself, of such Survey, bearing the Number of the Windows or Lights, and the Extent of the Duty with which the Occupier of such House is charged, and shall also deliver such Certificates as aforesaid to the respective Collectors of the Rates and Duties upon Windows or Lights hereby appointed; whereupon the respective Occupiers shall, in the Manner, at the Times, and under the Penalties abovementioned, pay or deliver their respective Duties to such Collector; and in case of the Failure or Neglect of them to make such Payments as aforesaid, such Collector shall, according to the Certificates delivered to him by the Surveyor, call for, recover and bring in the respective Duties and Penalties due and incurred by the Persons so proving deficient; and being recovered pay over the same to the receiver-general at Edinburgh, at the '

: the "Limes and in the Manner above directed.

XV. Provided always, That in case the Occupier of any House conceiving himself to be aggrieved by such Survey, shall enter and give Notice of his Complaint or Appeal as aforesaid, then and in that Case the Collector shall not proceed ro recover by Difirefs such Part of the Charge as shall be complained of, or controverted by such Appellant, until the final d.fcuffion of the Appeal, either by its being fallen from or prosecuted to a final Decision, in Manner abovementioned.

31 Geo. z. C 22. 32 Geo. 2. c. 33, and 2. Geo. 3. c. 8.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas.

1 — < co o

31 Ca. 2. 4 TW WHEREAS King James the First, by his Letters Patent bearing Date the fourteenth Day of C 3t 4 yv Decaster in the third Year of his Reign, did grant ro several Persons therein named, and to

their Sons, and such others as should then after be admitted or made free, that they should be one Fellowship, and one Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name of The Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, and by the same Name should have perpetual Succession;

and did direct:, That all Persons, Subjects of this Realm, being mere Merchants, which then were, or after the Date of the said Letters Patent should happen to be, under the Age of twenty six Years, or not out of his or their Apprenticeships, should be admitted into the Freedom of the said Company, if he or

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 13. 489

they Should demand the same within one Year next after he or they should attain the Age of twenty six Years, or within one Year after the End of his or their Apprenticemips, and should offer and pay to the said Governor and Company for his or their Admittance the Sum of twenty-five Pounds; and did further direct, That all Persons, Subjects of this Realm of England, being mere Merchants, above the Age of twenty six Years, should be admitted into the Freedom of the said Company, upon paying a Fine of fifty Pounds; and did also direct, That all and every the Sons of such as were or should he free of the said Company, and also all their Apprentices employed in that Trade for the Space of three Years or upwards, within the Limits of the said Letters Patent, should after, the End of their Apprenticeships be admitted to the Freedom of the said Company, on Payment of the Sum of twenty Shillings only And whereas King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patent bearing Date the second Day at April in the thirteenth Year of his Reign, did ratify and confirm the said Letters Patent of King James the First; did further direct, That no Person residing within twenty apiles of the City of London should be admitted into the Freedom of the said Company, or have any Benefit of the Privileges thereof, unless he be made free of the said City: And whereas the Trade into the Levant Seas has very much decreased, and the taking of less Fines for the Admission of Persons into the Freedom of the said Company, and the not restraining of the Freedom thereof to mere Merchants, and to such Persons as residing within twenty Miles of the City of London are free of the said City, and the securing to all Persons admitted into the said Company, the Liberty of exporting at all Times hereafter all Sorts of Goods and Merchandise (not prohibited by Law to be exported) to any Port or Place within the Limits of the said Letters Patent, from what Parts of Great Britain, and at what Time, and in what Quantity, and on board what Ships (navigated according to Law) they hall respectively think proper, and all'o of importing in the like manner from any Port or Place within the Limits of the said Letters Patent, Raw Silk, or any other Goods or Com modifies purchased within the said Limits, (not prohibited by Law to be imported) are the moil probable Means of recovering and extending the said Trade for the Benefit of this Nation May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, every Subject of Great Britain desiring Admission into the" said Any Sutjjct of Company of Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called or known by the gr.ijt;

Name of The Turkey Company, shall, upon Request for that Purpose made by himself, or any other Person^11"^")1; " in his Behalf, to the Governor or Deputy Governor of the said Company for the Time being, be ad in aol. to be mitted into the said Company within the Space of thirty Days after such Request hail be made, and hall made free of the have, use and enjoy all the Liberties, Privileges, Jurisdictions, Franchises, Powers and Authorities granted Turkey cora to the said Company by the said Letters Patent, as largely, fully and amply to all Intents, Constructionsi'111)'* and Purposes, as any Member of the said Company could, can or may have, use and enjoy the same, by virtue of the said Letters Patent, such Subject paying or tendering, or causing to be paid or tendered, for such his Admission, for the Use of the said Company, the Sum of twenty Pounds, and no more; anything in the said Letters Patent, or either of them, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June Oath to be to one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, the following Oath in lieu of the Oath heretofore taken by Per kcn on admis fons upon their Admissions to their Freedoms in the said Company, shall be taken by every Person upon hisflon' Admission to his Freedom, either before the Governor or Deputy Governor of the said Company, or before

two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, (who are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer the said Oath) which Justices are hereby required to certify under their Hands and Seals, that the said Oath was taken by on the Day of

before us, two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for

TAT OU swear to be good, faithful and true to our Sovereign Lord King George, his Heirs and Succef tlle 4 I fors; you shall be obedient and assistant to the Governor, his Deputy and Assistants of the Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, in all lawful Matters; you shall truly hold and keep to your Power (having no singular Regard to yourself, to the Hurt and Prejudice of the Cotn mon "W eai of the said Company) all Statutes, Acts and Ordinances, which have been duly made, according to the Grant of Privileges granted to the said Company, and confident with an Act of Parliament made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, the Secrets of the said Company you hall not disclose; and if you shall know any Person or Persons that intend any Hurt, Harm or Prejudice to our aforesaid Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or to the said Company, or the Privileges of the said Company, you shall give Knowledge thereof to the said Governor, Deputy or Assistants, or to some of them; and you shall not colour or free any Goods belonging to any one not free of the said Company.

So help you God."

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Persons admitted Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons, being free of the said Company as aforesaid, separately or jointly to export, or causeport tj, e

to be exported, from any Port or Place in Great Britain, to any Port or Place within the Limits of the Limits of the said Letters Patent, in any British or Plantation built Ships (navigated according to Law) at any Time, Patent, pajin

and

490 C 18. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

1 be charges of and to any Person or Persons whomsoever, being Freemen of the said Company, or Sons or Apprentices the Company, of Freemen, (such Freemen, Sons or Apprentices, being his Majesty's Christian Subjects) lb long as such Person or Persons Gall remain under, and fubn.it to, the Protectio -. and Direction of the British ambassador and Consuls respectively for the Time being, any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes whatsoever, not prohibited by Law to be exported; and also to import, in like manner, from any Port or Place within the Limits of the said Letters Patent, Raw Silk, or any other Goods, Wares or Commodities, purchased within the said Limits, (not prohibited by Law to be imported) upon paying or securing the Customs, and other Duties payable for the same, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of any Law now in Force, or hereafter to be made; and upon paying such Impositions or Sums of Money as ill all be assessed and charged upon all Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, to be exported or imported as aforesaid, or upon any Ships laden with the same, for defraying the necessary Expenses of the said Company; anything in the said Letters Patent, or either of them, or any Ordinance, Constitution or bylaw of the said Company, made or to be made, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, That the Exportation of Gold or Silver, either in foreign Coin or Bullion, shall geh and°sil0 f rema'n subject to the bylaws of the faii Company made or to be made in that Behalf.

ver subject to the bylaws of the Company.

bylaws shall lie crnmrrr.cd at a f bfcquent genual Curt,

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor, or Deputy Governor and Company, in general Court ailctnbled, to make such Rules, Ordinances or bylaws, for the good Government of the said Company, as the major Part of the A'lembers present at such general Court shall think necessary; but no such Rule, Ordinance or bylaw, Gall be valid, or of any Force or etfedt whatsoever, unless the same be confirmed at a subsequer.t general Court, to be held at least one Calendar Month after the general coprt at which such Rule, Ordinance or Bylaw was made; and if any seven or more of the Freemen of the said Company Gall think themselves aggrieved by any Rule, Ordinance or bylaw, made or to be made, it Gall be lawful for them to present an Appeal in Writing against the same to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, who are hereby ini powered and required, with all convenient Speed, to hear such Appeal, and to approve or disapprove such

and if 7 Freemen shall think j themselves aggrieved, they

the Commit' Rule, Ordinance or bylaw, and in such manner as to them, or the major Part of them present. Gall

lioners for Trade, Sec. hut such Law to be in Force rill the Appeal determined.

Limitation of the Time of Appeals.

Notice of Ap < real to be giver.

bylaws to be of no greater Force than if no Appeal had been

Notice of a general Court for making bylaws to be published in the Gazette, Rules for preventing Infection to be in p01 ce.

Goods liable to retain the Infection, and coming without a clean Bill of Health, rot to be landed. Sec. Uriels the

appear fit and reasonable.

VI. Provided always, That such Rule, Ordinance or bylaw, Gall be and continue in Force till such Appeal be so heard, and such Rule, Ordinance or bylaw, be disapproved as aforesaid; but in case such bylaw, Rule or Ordinance, Gall be disapproved on the hearing of such Appeal as aforesaid, then such Rule, Ordinance or bylaw, Gall, from and after such Disapproval only, be deemed null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VII. Provided also, That in case any such Appeal Gall be brought against any future Rule, Ordinance or bylaw, to be made by the said Governor and Company, such Appeal Gall be brought within twelve Calendar Months after such Rule, Ordinance or bylaw, Gall be so made and confirmed as aforesaid; and if any such Appeal Gall be brought against any Rule, Ordinance or bylaw of the said Company now in Force, such Appeal Gall be brought within twelve Calendar Months after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four.

VIII. Provided also, That the Persons appealing against any such Rule, Ordinance or bylaw, Gall at the same Time give Notice in Writing of such Appeal, to the Governor, Deputy Governor, or Secretary of the said Company for the Time being.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That no such Rule, Ordinance or bylaw, Gall be of an greater or other Force or Validity than the same would or ought to have been, if no such Appeal had been given by this Act.

granted.

X Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That whensoever any general Court of the said Co nip any Gall be appointed to be held for the making of any Rule, Ordinance or bylaw, public Notice thereof Gall be given in the London Gazette at least twenty Days before the Time appointed for the holding of such general Court.

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all Rules, Orders and Regulations made for preventing Infection, Gall be, and remain in full Force and Virtue as if this Act had never passed.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Goods or Merchandizes liable to retain the Infection of the Plague, and coming from the Levant without a clean Bill of Health, Gall be landed in any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, or of the Illes of Guenifiy, jer/ey, Alderney, Sari or Alan, unless it Gall appear to the Satisfaction of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, or of his or their Privy Council, that the said Goods or Merchandizes have been sufficiently opened and aired in the Lazarets of Malta, Ancona, Venice, mejjina, Leghorn, Genoa and Mai jellies, or one of them.

tame have been aired in same foreign Lazarets.

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo Icxto Georgii II.

C 19.

491

CAP. XIX.

An Act for enforcing the Laws against Persons who shall Ileal or detain fiiipv/rccked Goods; and for the Relief of Persons suffering Lodes thereby.

WHEREAS notwithstanding the good and salutary Laws now in Being against plundering and nf.r it jfj. t. destroying Vessels in Dillrels, and against taking away shipwrecked, lost or stranded Goods, many; Edi. wicked Enormities have been committed, to the Disgrace of the Nation, and to the grievous Damage ofa - 11 y'm' ' Merchants and Mariners of our own and other Countries For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by thea 3'" la' King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Per persons comtft son or Persons shall plunder, ileal, take away or destroy any Goods or Merchandise, or other Lffebts, =dof plundering from or belonging to any Ship or Vessel of his Majesty's Subjects, or others, which shall be in Distress, or which shall be wrecked, lost, fl rand ed or call on Shore in any Part of his Majesty's Dominions, (whether Go' c' any living Creature be on board such Vessel or not) or any of the Furniture, Tackle, Apparel, Provision, orof obfliuftins or Part of such Ship or Vessel; or shall beat or wound with Intent to kill or destroy, cr flail otherwise the Escape of ar.y wilfully obstruct the Escape of any Person endeavouring to save his or her Life from such Ship or Vessel, ^er( from a or the Wreck thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall put out any false Light or Lights with Intention °aise

to bring any Ship or Vessel into Danger; then such Person or Persons lo offending shall be deemed guilty Light, o sufi ct of Felony, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit Death without of Clergy. Clergy.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when Goods or Effebls of small where Goods of

Value shall be stranded, lost or call on Shore, and shall be stolen without Circumstances of Cruelty, Out {^ft!i^lvithout rage or Violence; then and in such Casesjt shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to prosecute for such anycircum offence by way of Indictment for Petit Larceny; and the Offenders being thereof lawfully convicted, shall dances ofcmel suffer such Punishment as the Laws in Cases of Petit Larceny do enjoin or require. tithe Oflcn

ir ay be indicted

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any one or more^orpetitl.irci.iiy. of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, upon Information made before him or them upon Oath (which prices unnn ia oath all Justices are hereby empowered to administer) of any Part of the Cargo or Lffebts whatsoeverf rmai on of belonging to any Ship or Vessel lost or stranded upon or near the Coasts aforesaid, being unlawfully carried wpycck a

or conveyed away, or concealed in any House, out house, Barn or other Place, or of same reasonableg's ^'r'sr Cause of Suspicion thereof, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for the searching of such House, Out cel(: (|' l0 house, Barn or other Place, as in other Cases of stolen Goods: And if the same shall be found in such searchwarrants; House, out house, Barn, or other Place or Places, or upon or in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons not legally authorised or entitled to keep and withhold the same; and the Owner or Occupier and the Persons of such House, out house, Barn or other Place, or the Person or Persons upon whom, or in whose Custody in vfh"fc cast.dy or Possession the same shall be found, Dial! not immediately, upon demand, deliver the same to the lawful ^gaodsftari Owner or Owners thereof, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be lawfully authorised to demand a fhiitfac the same; or shall not give a good Account, to the Satisfaction of the Laid Justice or Justices, how he, fhetory Account, or they came by, or became possessed thereof; it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, to be committed upon Proof of such Refusal, and he and they is and are hereby required to commit the said Offender or for six Months, Offenders to the common Gaol for the Space of six Months, or until he, she or they shall have paid to such 0: unv! ll; t?r, t lawful Owner or Owners, or to the Person or Persons lawfully authorised to receive the same, treble the" trc'i'ue' Value of the Goods or Things so by him, her or them unlawfully detained.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall offer or Goods offered to expose to Sale any Goods or Effects whatsoever belonging to any Ship or Vessel lost, stranded or cast on Ssic, suspected to Shore as aforesaid, and unlawfully taken away, or reasonably suspected so to have been; then and in every fiupwrecked, such Case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so offered for Sale, or any13 Ji: a'°'t' Officer of the Customs or Excise, or any Constable, Headborough or Tythingman, or other Peace Officer,

to flop, take and seize the said Goods and eft ebls; and that he or they shall, with all convenient Speed, and Notice to be carry the same, or give Notice of such Seizure to some one or more of his Majesty's Justice or Justices ofsiventoajnrr, ce the Peace; and if the Person or Persons who shall have offered the said Goods or Effebls to Sale, or some and die Person other Person or Persons on his, her or their Behalf, shall not appear before the said Justice within ten Days ofici r. -- the f.ur.c next after such Seizure, and make out, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice, the Property of the said, not, jakm3'jut

hu whom he. ihn nr rhw. was r>rh, s

Goods or Effebls to be in him, her or them, or in the Person or Persons by whom he, she or they, was or were employed to sell the same; then the said Goods or Effects shall, by Order of the said Justice, bechegoods to be forthwith delivered over to or for the use of the rightful Owner or Owners thereof, upon Payment of attorned teth reasonable Reward for such Seizure (to be ascertained by the said Justice) to the Person who seized the0ivn "'

same; and such Justice shall and may commit the Person or Persons who shall so have offered or exposed and tha Offender the said Goods he, she or they authorised to receive fu ly offered to Sale as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons not cm Persons who shall ployed by the Matter, Mariners or Owners, or other Persons lawfully authorised, in the Salvage of any Ship or Vessel, or the Cargo or Provision thereof, shall, in the Absence of Persons so employed or autho cvcd^intal ort

2'rized,

492 C 19. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

Vc. for the Be rized, save any such Ship, veflu, Goods or effects, and cause the same to be carried, for the Benefit of "'fit o.'thcown the Owners or Proprietors, into Port, or to any near adjoining customhouse or other Place of safe Custody, m, and give No immediately giving Notice thereof to some Justice of the Peace, Magistrate, or custom house or Excise tile t ereot, Officer, or shall discover to any such Magistrate or Officer where any such Goods or eft etfts are wrongfully or who B all aif bought, sold or concealed; then such Person or Persons shall be entitled to a reasonable Reward for such cover w here such Services, to be paid by the Masters or Owners of such vessels or Goods, and to be adjusted in case of dif ceajett vmhed agreement about the Quantum, in like Manner as the Salvage is to be adjusted and paid by virtue of the to the Ravaid; Stat: .-: C made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne., intituled, An Act for nnjthcon tu e preserv ni all such Ships and Goods thereof which have happened to be j creed on Shore, orjlranded upon the incase u dii m Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other of her mnjejiy's Dominion, or else in the Manner herein after prescribed, agreement is as the Case shall require.

to be adjusted according to 12 Ann. ft. 2. C i3.

whereanjveittl VE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better ascertaining the Salvage or Kffcfls shall b'to be paid in pursuance of this present Act, and the act before mentioned, and for the more effectual noute^'u' he^lcl: putting the same Acts in Execution, the Justice of the Peace, Mayor, Bailiff, Collector of the Customs, fivon for a Mec ot chief Constable, who shall be nearest to the Place where any Ship, Goods or Effects shall be stranded ing ofrheshcrifl", or case away, shall forthwith give public Notice for a Meeting to be held as fuon as possible of the Sheriff" j'uilices and ms or his Deputy, the Justices of the Peace, Mayors, or other chief Magistrates of Towns Corporate, coro whobrc'r*'! 1 inneis an Commissioners of the land-tax, or any five or more of them, who are hereby required and favi^mhe°veflbi mp owered to give Aid in the Execution of this and the Paid former at, and to employ proper Persons for and Goods, C the Saving of Ships in Distrtfs, and such Ships, Vessels and estes, as shall be stranded or caff away;

and also to examine Persons upon Oath touching or concerning the same, or the Salvage thereof, and to and io adjutt the adjust the Quantum of such Salvage, and distribute the fume among the Persons concerned in such Salvage, salvage; jj, case of Disagreement among the Parties, or the Paid Persons; that every such Sheriff, Justice of sa Day ai the Peace, Mayor, chief Magistrate, Coroner, Lord of a Manor, Undersheriff, or Commissioner of the lowed for the'.r land-tax, attending and acting at such Meeting, shall be paid four Shillings a Day for his Expenses in Attendance. such Attendance out of the Goods and Effects saved by their Care or Direction.

If the Salvage be VIE Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Charges and c^'clf- K e w a d s for Salvage, directed to be paid by the said Adff of the twelfth Year of the Reign of her laid late toms'm.iv raite Majesty Queen Anne, and by this present Act, shall not be fully paid, or sufficient Security given for the the ihn e by a same within forty Days next after the said Services performed, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for Bin nfsale of the the Officer of the Customs concerned in such Salvage, to borrow or raise so much Money as shall be suffi veff.d or Cargo; cient to satisfy and pay such Charges and Rewards, or any Part thereof then remaining unpaid, or not X'emed Ai m i'ccured as aforesaid, by or upon one or more Bill or Bills of Sale, under his Hand and Seal, of the Ship or Payment of Vessel, or Cargo saved, or such Part thereof as shall be sufficient, redeemable nevertheless upon Payment Principal anj of the principal Sum so borrowed, and Interest for tyre same after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Inters (t. Annum.

Whs re Oath shall be m: ide ot' Plunder orthcft, or of breaking a Ship, contrary to 12 Ann. ft. 2. C and the Examination ftul! be delivered to the Cle: k of the Peace, he is in prefectitc the Offender 5 and the Charges to be paid l>v thi Tieafurcrof the County.

Clerk of the Peace neg'c&'np. rn prosecute, forfeits 100 J. Officers for putting this and 12 Ann. ft 2. C is in Execution,

3 Geo. a. C 13

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if Oath shall be made before any Magistrate, lawfully empowered to take the same, of any such Plunder or Theft, and the Examination in Wri ing thereupon taken shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division wherein such fact shall be committed, or to his Deputy; or if Oath shall te made before any such Magistrate of the breaking any Ship, contrary to the aforesaid AI made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, and the Examination in Writing thereupon taken shall be delivered to such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy; then such Clerk of the Peace shall cause the Offender or Offenders in any of the said Cases to be forthwith prosecuted for the same, either in the County where the faci shall be committed, or in any County next adjoining; in which adjoining County any Indictment may be laid by any other Prosecutor; and if the fat be committed in ivahs, then the Prosecution shall or maybe carried on in the next adjoining English County; and the necessary Charges of such Prosecutions by the Clerk of the Peace shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County, Riding or Division where the Sass shall be committed, to such Amount as the Justices of the Peace in their General or Quarter Sessions shall order and ascertain the same; and if such Clerk of the Peace shall neglect or refuse to carry on such Prosecution in due Manner, he shall forfeit one hundred Pounds for every such Offence, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; in which Action no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the land-tax, the Deputy sheriff", the Coroner, and the Officers of Excise in each County, Riding and Division, shall be proper Officers for putting in Execution this present at, and the said act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, together with those therein respectively named for that Purpose.

X. And whereas by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, (entitled. An Act for ike better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover,

Deal, and the Isle of Thanec, tip the Rivers of Thames and Medway, it is enacted, That the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being shall nominate and appoint, by an Instrument under his Hand and Seal, three or more substantial Persons in each of the Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns and their Members, to adjust and determine, within the Space of twelve Hours, Differences which shall or may arise within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports relating to the Salvage of Anchors and Cables

from

4-

A.D.

1753.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

C

19.

493

C from which Vessels shall or may be forced by Extremity of Weather: 'Now it is hereby enacted, That Officers forpyt the Lord Warden of the Cinque 'orts for the Time being, and the Lieutenant of Dover ga/ile for the time ins fis and rite Deputy Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, and the Judge Official and coni ^nn' rritflary of the Court of Admiralty of the Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns, an: the Members thereof, ., r the for the Time being, and all and every of them, and all and every other Person and Persons appointed or to cinque ins, be appointed by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, pursuant to the said Act made&e. in the third Year of his late Ada jesty's Reign, shall be the Persons to put in Execution, within the Liberty and Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns and their Adembers, all the Powers and Authorities given and granted in and by this Act, and in and by the before mentioned Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of her said late Majesty Queen Anne; and also in and by the said Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First; and also shall and may execute, perform and do, within the jurisdictions aforesaid, all the Acts, Matters and Things contained in this and the before mentioned Statutes, in like and as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Justice or Justices of Peace, or any other Person or Persons, are by this and the said Acts appointed or authorised to do in any other Part of the Kingdom.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Sheriff or his Deputy, Justice of persons convta the Peace, Mayor or other Magistrate, Coroner, Lord of a Manor, Commissioner of the land-tax, Chiefed of sl5 'u|tins Constable or Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, or any customhouse or Excise Officer, or other3"l^3tejq3tc.n Person lawfully authorised, shall be assaulted, beaten and woundid, for or on account of the Exercise of, hc Salvsleof his or their Duty, in or concerning the Salvage or Preservation of any Ship or Vessel in Distress, or of any any Vessel or Ship or Vessel, Goods or Eftefts, stranded, wrecked, or call on Shore, or lying under Water, in any ofgo°<is, to be his Majesty's Dominions, then any Person or Persons so assaulting, beating and wounding, shall upon Trial tra"^orted (OT and Conviction, by Indictment at the Assizes, or General Gaol delivery, or at the General or Quarter tars' Sessions for the County, Riding or Division, where such Offence shall be committed, be transported for

seven Years to some of his Majesty's Colonies in America, and shall be subject to such subsequent punishment, in case of Return before that Time, as other Persons under Sentence of Transportation are by the Law subjected unto.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any one or more yu/kce in th?

of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in case of Need, and in the Absence of the High Sheriff, to take abfeikc of the

sufficient rower of the County, to repress all unjust Violence, and duly to enforce the Execution of thissher ft may rake a(q. J a sufficient Force

XIII. And to prevent Confuflon among persons afllmbled to save any Ship, Vessel, Goods or Eftefts, asl^'q'^ aforesaid, either for want of proper Orders, or by contradictory Orders; Be it further enacted, That all

Persons so assembled shall conform in the first Place to the Orders of the Master or other Officers or Owners, Persons impnw or other Persons employed by them; and for want of their Presence or Directions, then in the next Placed to give or to the Orders of the Persons authorised by this Act, or the aforesaid Act of Queen Amir, in the like Manwi, Y ": y ner, in the following Subordination, as any of the said Persons shall happen to be present; that is to fadmedincafoov* in the first Place, to the Orders of any Officer or Officers of the Customs; then of any Officer or Officers Shipwreck, cof the Excise; of the Sheriff or his Deputy; then of any Justice or Justices of the Peace; then of the Adayor or chief Magistrate of any Corporation; then of the Coroner; then of any Commissioners of the land-tax; then of any Chief Constable; of any Petty Constable or other Peace Officers: And any Person whatsoever acting knowingly and wilfully contrary to such Orders, shall forfeit any Sum not persons afling exceeding five Pounds, to be levied by Warrant of one Justice of the Peace; and in case of non contrary to or payment the Offender shall be committed to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding threelieis Iurftit 51, Months.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That neither this Act, nor anything herein con rights of the tained, shall any way extend to deprive or prejudice his Royal Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or ariy9rov'n> r:claiming under them, or any Patentee or Grantee of the Crown, or any Lord or Lords of any Manor or ervtd' Manors, or other Person whoml oever, of or in relation to any Right which they or any of them have or

may have or lawfully claim to any Wreck or Wrecks, or any Goods which are or shall be flotsam, jetfam or lagan, but that such respective Rights shall b enjoyed in as full, ample and beneficial a Manner, in every Respect, as if this Act had never been made.'

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer of the Customs who shall'r'omin. tian cn aft in the pveferving of any Ship or Vessel in Distress, or the Cargo thereof, shall, as soon as conveniently

may be, cause or procure all Persons belonging to the said Ship or Vessel, and others who can give any ac ^cjvand' count thereof, or of the Cargo thereof, to be examined upon Oath before some Justice of the Peace, as toowners, C the Name or Description of the said Ship or Vessel, and the Names of the Master, Commander, or chief Officer and Owners thereof, and of the Owners of the said Cargo, and of the Ports or Flaces from or to which the said Ship or Vessel was bound, and the Occasion of the said ship's Distress; Examination copl10 -- the said Justices are hereby required to take down in Writing, and they shall deliver a true Copy thereof, thaecretary°of together with a Copy of the said Account of the Goods, to the said Officer of the Customs, who shall the Admiralty, forthwith transmit the same to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being, who shall publish orar.d published in cause to be published in the next London Gazette, so much thereof as shall or may be necessary for the in the Gazette. formation of the Persons interested or concerned therein.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the before mentioned Act of Parlia tlle Acts 12 ment made in the twelfth Year of her said late Majesty Queen Anne; and also an Act made in the fourth ^' 9' Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enforcing and making perpetual the before^b'infoice mentioned Act, and for inflicting the Punishment of Death on such as shall wilfully burn or aestroy Ships, where not altered

shall by this Act,

494* C 20. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgiiji. A.D. 1753.

strall in all Things remain in full Force, save only so far as the same are altered' or changed by this present Act.

Commencement

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall take place from the oi tins ah twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three.

Not to extend to XV ill. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to that Part Scotland. of Great Britain called Seotlund.

CAP. XX.

An Act for encouraging and improving the manufactory of Linen in the Highlands of

Scotland.

25 Geo. 2. c. 29.

is Geo. 2. c. 24.

is Geo. 2. c. 25.

sogeo, 2, C 3^.

£2'Geo. 2, C 42.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty onforeign Cambricks; and for allowing the reout a Bounty upon a certain Species of British and iri111 Linens exported; it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That out of the additional Duty by the said Act imposed on foreign Cambricks, there s should be given and paid in Manner, and upon the Conditions therein mentioned, a Bounty of one Penny for every Yard of British and Irish Linens made of Hemp or Flax of the Value of sixpence per Yard,

and not exceeding the Value of twelve Pence per Yard; and of one Halfpenny for every Yard of such British and Irish Linens under the Value of sixpence per Yard, which from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, and within the Term of seven Years, to commence from the said twenty-fifth Day of March, or at any Time thereafter, before the f.nd of the then next Session of Parliament, should be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America or Portugal, C or which should be exported to Spain, from and after the Time that it should be lawful to export such Linen to that Kingdom: And whereas by an Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An Jldl for ejffedlually preventing the Exportation of foreign Linens, under the Denomina tion ^/'british or Irish Linens, the Payment of the said Bounty is subject to certain Regulations in the said Act expressed: And whereas by another Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing certain additional Bounties on the Exportation of British and Irish Linens, additional Bounties were granted thereon, and the Payment thereof, and of the former Bounties,

was made subject to certain other Regulations in the said Act expressed: whereas by an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for apply ing a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Allowances to several Officers and Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse Guards, and three Regiments of ilorfc, lately reduced, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven. for continuing the Bounties on the Exportation c/'british and Irish coarse Linens,

it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Bounties on the Exportation of bi itijj) and Irish coarft Linens should continue to be paid under the Regulations of the Acts of the fifteenth, sixteenth, and eighteenth Years of his Majesty's Reign; and that the same should be paid out of such Part of the Old, Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents: And whereas by an Act made in the twenty second Year of thfe Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of one Alii lion out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of one Million for the uf s and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for applying a certain Sum for defraying certain Charges and Allowances to the Officers and private Gentlemen of the reduced Troops of Horse Guards; and for continuing the Bounties on the Exportation of British and Irish 'Linens -, and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery ticets, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, lost, burnt, cr aether wife defrayed, it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Bounties on the Exportation of British and Irish coarse Linens should continue to be paid in like Manner, and under die like Regulations, as directed by the Acts of the fifteenth and sixteenth, and of the eighteenth Years of his Majesty's Reign,

from and after the twenty fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty, for and during the furtiier Term of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament sand that the same should be paid out of such Part of the Old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Inci dents: And whereas the Manufacture of coarse Linens hath been increased and improved in Great Britain and Ireland, and it may reasonably be presumed that the Manufacture of such Linens may be carried on in Places where the same hath been established, and el fe where, without the further Continuance of any such Bounty on the Exportation thereof: And whereas under the Directions of the Commissioners and Trustees for improving Fisheries and Manufactures in Scotland, some Progress hath been made in the Manufactures of Linens in the Highlands of Scotland, for the better civilising and improving whereof, several Provisions have been made in this present Parliament, manifestly conducive to the Public Tran quillity and Welfare: And whereas the Encouragement of the Manufacture of coarse Linens in ihofe

Parts of the said Highlands, wherein the Manufacture of Linens hath either not been already established, or hath not already been advanced to any considerable Degree of Perfection, will be it further Means of improving and civilising the said Highlands; and the Success of any Provision for that Purpose, will tend to the general Good of the whole Cnited Kingdom, and also of Ireland it enacted by the King's

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii IF. C 20. 495

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after After the expi the Expiration of the Term for which the Bounties on the Exportation of Brittfo and Irish coarse Linens by ration of the' the said herein before recited Acbs are granted, continued and made payable, the Sum of three thousand Boun ies 0, 1 Expounds be paid yearly and every Year for the Space of nine Years, to the Cashier of the said Commissioners txand" in'/h land Trustees for improving Fisheries and Manufactures in Scotland, to be charged and chargeable upon, c03'rfe Linens, and payable out of any the Customs, Duties, Excises, or other Revenues in Scotland, introduced by virtue the annual Sum of the Treaty of Union or to which the Subjects of Scotland are or shall be liable; and to be applied by of 3°oo 1. to be the said Commissioners and Trustees for encouraging and improving the Manufacture of Linens in the highlands of Scotland only, and only in those Parts thereof, wherein the Manufacture of Linens have either not the duties ln been already introduced, or if the same hath been introduced, have not yet arrived to any considerable Scotland, for au degree of Perfection. oouraging, C

the Manufactures of Linens in the Highlands,

II. Provided always, That no Part of the said annual Sum of three thousand Pounds shall! be applied To 'v!'atsufes by the said Commissioners and Trustees, for any other Use or purpose whatsoever, than for instructing and lq/jdd]p.t exciting the Inhabitants of that Part of Scotland to raise, prepare and spin Flax and Hemp to be used in the J ° "Manufacture of coarse Linen, and to weave Yarn there spun into such Linen, and for providing the said Inhabitants with fit Materials and Utensils for those Purposes, and for distributing Rewards and Prizes to

the Growers, Preparers and Spinners of such Flax and Hemp, and to the Weavers and other Manufacturers of such Linen, in respect to the Quantity or Excellence of the Flax or Hemp so raised and prepared, and of the Yarn so spun, wove, or otherwise manufactured; and for such other like Uses, as by the said Commissioners and Trustees shall be thought proper for promoting the true Intent of this act.

III. Provided also, That no Part of the said annual Sum of three thousand Pounds shall he applied bynof; u! to Is

the said Commissioners and X rustees for encouraging or improving within the Limits of the said Highlands, ^4cdti"ecf>j "u"' the Manufacture of Sail Cloth, or of any such Linens as under the Denomination of Sail Cloth are ornm laureaf Sill maybe entitled by Law to any Bounty on the Exportation thereof. cloth.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, I hat te said annual Sum of three thousand Pounds fjow the said shall be paid for the Purposes of this act, at such Times, and by such Warrants and Orders, and in fuel) Sum is to be Manner, as the annual Sum of two thousand Pounds, and the Surplussage of the Duty on Malt made inlflue<i Scotland, are by an act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the firfqij Geo. i. C 30. (entitled, An Act for encouraging and promoting Fificries and other manufacturecs and Improvements, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland) or by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, appointed by the treaty of Union to be kept in Scotland, in place of the Great Seal thereof, directed to be paid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners and trusteescommissioners hall yearly and every Year, at the Feast of the Nativity of our Lord Christ, make up a faithful and exact coums of Aecount of the Moneys received and issued by their Orders, together with a faithful and true Report of, ^"U; "sts nd their Proceedings in the Execution of the trust hereby reposed in them, and hall within the Space of report their pio thirty Days lay the said Account and Report before his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and shall also, eeedings._ within the like Space of thirty Days, lay true Copies of the said Account and Report before the annual Committee of the Convention of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, that they may peruse and examine the same, and lay before his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, such Observations as they shall make thereon.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners and Trustees At Christmas

shall, at the Feast of the Nativity of our Lord Christ in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty 1753, thecom three, propose and lay before his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Plan or Method for the Application " pj "nn and Distribution of the said Sum of three thousand Pounds hereby granted, according to the true Intent Application of and Meaning of this act; which Plan or Method being approved, altered or varied by his Majesty, his the said Sum Heirs or Successors, by Writing under his or their Sign Manual, shall be in Force and put into execu j)efore hisma tion, until the same shall be altered or varied in like Manner and by like Authority.

VII. Provided, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners and Trustees, in any and in any other! ©theryear, during the Continuance of this act, at the said Feast to propose and lay before his Majesty, Year they may his Heirs and Successors, any other Plan or Method for the like Purpose; which Plan or Method being j j farj; in like manner approved, altered or varied by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be in Force puj. 0l sp

and put into Execution, until, the same shall be in like manner altered or varied by like Authority.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

A.D. 1753.

CAP. XXI.

For firmer Laws An Act for encouraging the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for securing the Duties

concerning Suit, %, 0. r. © 7 0

C nfcrto 19 payable upon the Importation or velvets, wrought Silks, and Silks mixed with other

ilj. c. n. 13 Materials, not manufactured in gm?r Britain.

O 14 L ar, 2,

<. 13 G? 15. 20 Car. 2. f. 6. 2 IV £? M. y7. i. r. 9. 5 g5 6 /jp, G If. C 20. 6 Gf 7 3. £. is. Z &9IV 3. f. 36.9G 10 /£'. 3. C 3c ^43.

5 jir, n, C 20. 6 C 19. S Gtc. 1. r. 15.9gvo* 1. C S, 23 Geo. 2. C9f 20.

WHEREAS the Payment of the Duties charged and made payable by diverse Acts of Parliament, upon the Importation of Velvets, wrought Silks, and Silks mixed with other Materials not manufactured in Great Britain, is frequently evaded by the subtle and fraudulent Practises of evil disposed Persons, to the great Discouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and the Loss of his Majesty's Revenue Therefore for preventing such Frauds and Abuses for the future. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Velvets, Velvets wrought wrought Silks, and Silks mixed with any other Materials, " (such Velvets, wrought Silks, and Silks mixed

silk, C to be with any other Materials, not being manufactured in Great Britain, and such wrought Silks or Silks mixed

uortthe"as aforesaid, not being prohibited to be worn therein) which shall be imported into this Kingdom after cunom house at tf'e twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, shall, after the same have each End of the been entered at the customhouse, and before they are discharged by the Officers, and delivered into the 1'irce. Custody of the Importer or his Agent, be marked or sealed at each End of every Piece with such Mark or

Seal, and by such Officer or Officers, as the respective Commissioners of the cuito.ns in Great Britain shall direct and appoint for that purpose.

Exporter of the

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day said goodstogu'e0f September every Person intending to export any such Velvets, wrought Silks or Silks mixed with any Officer of the other Materials, as herein before are mentioned and described, which shall have been imported into this Cudoms, when Kingdom after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, shall, before such Goods are shipped in order to be the same will be exported, give Notice to the proper Officer or Officers to be appointed for that Purpose by the respective packed up 3 Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain, when and where he will pack up the said Goods in order to be exported, and the said Commissioners of the Cnltoms are hereby empowered and required to cause and the Seals are such Officer or Officers to take care that such Seals, Stamps or Marks be taken off from every Piece so to be then talaen intended to be exported, without Fee or Reward; and no Person shall be intitled to the Drawback allowed upon the Exportation of such Velvets, wrought Silks or Silks mixed as aforesaid, unless he shall have given such Notice as herein before is directed, and until such Seals, Stamps or Marks shall be taken off by the proper Officer or Officers as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, in case any Velvets, wrought Silks or Silks mixed with any other Materials (such Velvets, wrought Silks or Silks mixed with any other Materials, not being manufactured in Great Britain, and such wrought Silk or Silks mixed as aforesaid, not being prohibited to be worn therein) shall be found in any Shop, Warehouse or other Place whatsoever upon Land within this Kingdom, not being marked or sealed as herein before directed upon both Ends of every whole and entire Piece, or upon one End of every Remnant of such Velvet, wrought Silk or Silk mixed as aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and secured in some or one of his Majesty's Warehouses; and such Officer or Officers is and are hereby indemnified for so doing; and all such Velvets, wrought Silks or Silks mixed as aforesaid, so seized and secured, shall after Condemnation thereof in due course of Law, be publicly sold to the bess Bidder; and one A'loiety of the Crown, an A the Pjoffuce arising by the Sale of such Velvets, wrought Silks or Silks mixed as aforesaid, shall he to the scizhi ^anvtlic le f Ns Majesty, iiis Heirs and suecefi ors, and the other Moiety to the Officer or Officers who shall person in wiwfe seize and secure the same as aforesaid; the Person in whole Custody or Possession the Goods so seized and t'uiiroiy, C tu secured shall be found, shall also for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be reco forr it aool. vered and divided in manner herein after directed.

The Goods so

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Velvets, io v.rd not to be jaxed with any other Materials as aforesaid, which after the twenty-ninth Day of 15 seven hundred and fifty-four, shall be seized and forfeited by virtue of this act, or Forfeiture, shall be confirmed or used in this Kingdom, hut shall be exported again than on Condition to be exported, and shall not be delivered out of the Warehouse wherein the same shall have been secured, until sufficient Security be given that the same and every Part thereof shall be exported, and not landed again in any Part of Great Britain.

Persons counter V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time teiting ncsta s, forge or counterfeit any Stamp, Mark or Seal, to resemble any Stamp, Mark or Seal which shall be provided or used in pursuance of this act, or shall forge or counterfeit the Impression of any such Stamp, Mark or Seal upon any Goods required by this act to be stamped, marked or sealed, or shall sell or expose to Sale any of the said Goods with a counterfeit Stamp, Mark or Seal thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, all and every such Offender and Offenders, their Aiders, Abettors and Aihstants, shall (or each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and shall also be adjudged toiland on

off.

Velvets and wrought Silks, C found with' out the Seals may be seized;

be sold. One Moiety to

tiled in this Kingdom.

wrought Silks or Silks September' one thousand for any other Cause of and not sold otherwise

to forfeit 5001.; u: d to be pil loned,

the Pillory in some public Place for the Space of two Hours.

\ I.

_ 4

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 22. 497

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties and forfeiturespecuniarypcnai by this Act imposed, shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at ties howto be Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively, by Action, Bill, Plaint or informa recovered tion, in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, or in the Name of his Majesty's Advocate in Scot One Moiety to lund, or in the Name or Names of some Officer or Officers of the Customs; that one Moiety of every ^hcrmhcof such Penalty and Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof. 0

to the Officer or Officers of the Customs who hall inform and profeente for the same. prosecute.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of the Customs officer neglect hall neglect or refuse, for the Space of one Month, to prosecute to Effect any Person or Persons for any ing to protective pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture by this Act inflicted upon Offenders against the same, that then it shall be so' oni' Month.

1 iwful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to sue for, prosecute and recover the respective pecuniary eUo11 Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, in like manner as is herein before directed with regard to the Officers of the Customs; one Moiety of the said respective Forfeitures, when recovered, hall in such Case go and be applied to the use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who hall fuc or prosecute for the same respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Action, Bill, Plaint or A capus to tflas Information entered and filed as aforesaid, for any pecuniary Penalty imposed by this Acta Capias in the "f? fi!lns. an first Process shall and may i flue, specifying the Sum of the Penalty sued for; and the Defendant or De ist "or n or' fendants shall be obliged to give sufficient Bail or Security by natural born Subjects, Persons naturalised or Denizens, to the Person or Persons to whom such Capias shall be directed, to appear in the Courts out ofdefattant to which such Capias hall issue at the Day of the Return of such Writ, to answer such Suit or Prosecution; Te

and hall likewise, at the Time of such Appearance, give sufficient Bail or Security by such Persons as aforesaid in the said Court, to answer and pay all the Forfeitures and Penalties incurred for such Offence or Offences, in case he, he or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her or their Body or Bodies to Prison.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in General Hue. Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance, and by Authority of this Act:, And if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury hall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff; the Defendant or Defendants shall recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the famett<, be Coflt> as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Velvets, wrought Silks, or Silks Proof where the mixed as aforesaid, hall be seized by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, and any Doubt or Question shall

arise, where the said Velvets, wrought Silks, or Silks mixed as aforesaid, were manufactured, the proof7n7he ° shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof, and not upon the Prosecutor; any Law, Usage orcustom tocuimer. the contrary notwithstanding. Sa, farther 30

Geo. 2. C ij.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the Purchase of the Mufeurn, or Collection of Sir Ilans Sloane, and of the har leian Collection of Manuscripts; and for providing one General Repository for the better Reception and more convenient Uie of the Paid Collections; and of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions thereto.

WHEREAS Sir Hans Sloane of Chelsea in the County of Middlesex Baronet, having, through the Will of Sir Course of many Years, with great Labour and Expense gathered together whatever could be pro Hans sl<me*'cured either in our own or foreign Countries, that was rare and curious, did, by a Codicil bearing Date the twentieth Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and annexed to his last Will and Testament, after having expressed his Will and Desire that his Collection,

in all its Branches, might be, if it were possible, kept and preserved together Whole and Entire, in his Manor House in the Parish of Chelsea, give, devise and bequeath, to certain Trustees therein named, all triat his Collection or Mufeurn, at, in or about his said Manor House, consisting of all his Library of Books, Drawings, Manuscripts, Prints, Medals and Coins ancient and modern. Antiquities, Seals,

Carneas and Intaglios, precious Stones, Agates, Jaspers, Vessels of Agate and Jasper, Chrystals, ma the matical Instruments, Drawings, and Pictures, and all other Things in the said Collection or Mufeurn,

1 more particularly described and numbered, with shorthiftories or Accounts of them, with proper Re ' ferences, in certain Catalogues by him made, containing thirty-eight Volumes in Folio, and eight Volumes in Quarto, (except such riftures as are not marked with the Word Collection) to have and to hold to them and their Successors and Assigns for ever, for such Purposes, and with such Powers, and under such Restrictions, as in the said Codicil are expressed; willing and desiring thereby, that the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, should make their humble Application to his Majesty, or to Parliament, at the next Session after his Decease, as should be thought most proper, in order to pay the full and clear Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain, unto his Executors,

or the Survivors of them, within twelve Months after his Decease, in Consideration of the said Collection

498 C 22. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1755.

or Museum; and also to obtain such sufficient and effectual Powers and Authorities for vesting in the said»' all and every Part of his said Collodion or Museum before mentioned, in all its Branches; and also his said Capital Manor House, with such Gardens and out houses as should thereunto belong and be used by him, at the Time of his Decease, and also the Water of or belonging to his Manor of Chelsea coming from Kenfingtan; and also obtain a sufficient Fund or Provision for maintaining and taking care of his said Collection and premisses, and for repairing and supporting his said Manor House, Water work and Premifics; hut in case Payment of the said Sum of twenty thousand Pounds should not be had and obtained, and made unto his Executors, or the Survivors of them, within twelve Months next after his Decease, and no such act of Parliament should be obtained, for settling, preserving, establishing, maintaining and continuing, his said Collection and Premifics, in such Manner as in his said Codicil is expressed, then and not otherwise his Will was and he did in such Case thereby direct, That his said Executors, or the Survivors of them, should, for the like Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, sell and dispose of all and every Part of the said Collection and Museum before described, together with the Catalogues thereto belonging, for the Use of the several foreign Academies therein described, and in the Manner therein mentioned; and that in case the said Offer should not be accepted by either of the said foreign Academies, his Executors, or the Survivors of them, should be at Liberty with all conve

nier.t Speed to sell and dispose of all and every Part of his said Museum or Collection in the most ffieedy and advantageous Manner; and that the Moneys arising by such Sale or Disposition should be considered as Part of his Pcifuna) Estate; and further his Will was, and he did thereby direct, That in case hl said Collection should he sold or disposed of to either of the said foreign Academies, or in case of their Refusal or non acceptance by his Executors, or the Survivors of them, that then his said Manor House

and Garden, with the Appurtenances and the Water, should go and belong to such Person or Persons, ' and in such Manner, as he had given and devised the rest of his Manors, Lands and Tenements at Chelfen, or elsewhere, as by the said Codicil, Relation being thereto had, may more fully and at large appear: and.whereas the said Sir Hans Sloane having, by several other Codicils of a subsequent Date annexed to his Arid Will, added to the Number of the said Trustees, did, on or about the eleventh Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, depart this Life: And whereas the said Trustees, ' or seven or more of them, have, pursuant to the Will and Intention of the said Sir Hans Sloane, in this Session of Parliament, being the next Session after his Decease, made their Application for Payment of the said Sum of twenty thousand Pounds in Consideration of the said Collection or Museum: And whereas the said Trustees at a General Meeting assembled have consented to the Removal of the said Museum or Collection froin 'the Manor House at Chelsea, to any proper Place within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, if such Removal shall be judged most advantageous to the Publick, so as the said Collection be preserved entire without the least Diminution or Separation, and be kept for the use and Benefit of the Public, with free Access to view and peruse the fa northeast at all stated and convenient Seasons, agreeable to the Will and Intentions of the testator, and under such Restrictions as the Parliament shall think fit: And whereas the said Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Shane is of much greater intrinsic Value than the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds: And whereas all Arts and Sciences have a Connexion with each other, and Discoveries in Natural Philosophy and other Branches of speculative Knowledge, for the Advancement and Improvement whereof the said Museum or Col lcction was intended, do and may, in many Instances, give Help and Success to the most useful Experi ments and Inventions Therefore, to the end that the said Museum or Collection may be preserved and maintained, not only for the inspection and Entertainment of the Learned and the Curious, but for the general Use and Benefit of the Public; May it please your most Excellent Majesty, That it may be enacted; and Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of all or any of the Moneys to be raised by virtue of this act, the full and

20, 0001. to be clear Sum of twenty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain shall be paid in Manner herein paid to the Exe after mentioned to the Executors of Sir Harts Sloane, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, in full satis nrsta 'ifcr f; on fr Museum r Collection herein before described, and for the use of the said Manor

his Museum C ^ou^e and Garden, with their Appurtenances, and of the said Water, until a more convenient repo fitory, more durable and more iafe from Eire, and nearer to the chief Places of public Resort, shall be provided for the Reception of the said Museum or Collection, in Manner herein after mentioned.

a & 13 w. $. 4

II. And whereas by an act made in the twelfth and thirteenth Years of the Reign of King Cillian

'*the Third, intituled, An Act for the better settling and preserving the Library kept in the House at Wcit

minster, called Cotton House, in the Name and Family of the Cottons, for the Benefit of the Public, reciting, That Sir Robert Cotton, late of Connington in the County of Huntingdon, Baronet, 'did, at his own great Charge, and by the Assistance of the most learned Antiquaries of his Time, collect and purchase the most useful Manuscripts, written Books, Papers, Parchments, Records and other Memorials, in most Languages, of great Use and Service for the Knowledge and Preservation of our Constitution both in Church and State; and further reciting. That the said Library bad been preserved with the utmost Care by Sir Thomas Cotton, Son of the said Sir Robot, and by Sir John Cotton then living, Grandson of the said Sir Robert; and had been very much augmented by them, and lodged in a very proper Place in the said Sir john's ancient mansion house at ive/lniinster, for public Use and Advantage; it was enacted,

That the said mansion house, with the Garden, and all other Appurtenances, and also the said Library,

should be veiled in Trustees in the said Act named, and their Successors, for ever, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and as, for and concerning the said Library, and the Room wherein the same was or Should

be

499

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 22, -

he contained, together with a convenient Passage for refarting thereunto, upon this Trust and Confidence,

'that the said Trustees and their successors should from Time tol ime, and at all Times thereafter, as Occasion should require, inspect, consult and take care of the said Library, and other Particulars above'

mentioned, and also make and appoint such Orders and Rules as they should think proper for the reading and using the same, and for their better Preservation, and to the Intent and Purpose that the said Trustees,

or the major Part of them, should nominate and appoint a good and sufficient Person, well read in Anti quities and Records, to have the immediate Care and Custody of the said Library: And whereas by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better securing her Mr. - 5 Ann. C 30.

jessy's Purchase of Cotton House in Westminster; reciting the said former Act made in the twelfth and thirteenth Year of the Reign of King jfuliam the Third; and also reciting, that since the making of the said Act very little had been done in pursuance thereof to make the said Library useful to the Public, '

except what had been then lately done at her majesty's Charge, and that there was no Way or Passage to it set out, as the said Act did direct, nor could there be any Way or Passage to the same, but throug.ii 4 the belt Rooms of the House, which would render the House wholly useless to the Family, so that the Library could not be resorted unto; nor had any Orders or Rules been appointed for reading or using the same, and thereby the Public was wholly deprived of the Benefit designed by the said Act; and that the Place wherein the said Library was then contained was a narrow little Room, damp and improper for preserving the Books and Papers; and that her Majesty, to the Intent so great a Treasure of Books and Manuscripts, so generously given for the public Service, might not remain any longer useless, and in danger of perishing for want of due Care, and that it might be in her majesty's Power to make that moult valuable Cclledtion useful to her own Subjects, and all learned Foreigners, had given Directions fr treating with the said Sir John Cotton for the Purchase of the said Cotton House and Garden; and that an Agreement had been made for the Purchasing the Inheritance thereof for the Sum of four thousand and five hundred Pounds, which her Majesty had directed to be paid on the investing the Inheritance of the premiltes in her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, which could not be done but by Act of Parliament, the said recited Act having directed it might not be sold or aliened; it was therefore enacted, That the said Capital Message called Cotton House, and the Garden and Buildings used and enjoyed with the same, with the Appurtenances, should be vetted in her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors: it was thereby further enacted and declared, That a convenient Room should be built in or near Part of the said Ground thereby intended to be vested in her Majesty, as her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors should, by Writing under the Sign Manual, appoint; in which Room, when built, all the said Manu feripts, written Books, Papers, Parchments, Records and other Memorials, and also al! Coins, Adedals,

and other Rarities and Curiosities in the said Library contained, should be lodged and there remain to all Posterity; that the said Room, when built, should for ever be called and known by the Name of the Cottonian Library; and that from the Building thereof, the said Library should he managed and directed by the Trustees therein named, as Trustees to and for the use of the Public for ever: And whereas although the public Faith hath been thus engaged to provide for the better Reception and more co nve ment Use of the Cottonian Library, a proper Repository for that Purpose hath not yet been prepared; for the want of which the said Library did, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty —

one, suffer by a Fire, which consumed the House wherein the same was then placed, and what remains of the said Library still continues in the Room, to which upon the Occasion of the said Fire it was removed; and Persons desirous to view and consult the Treasure of Books and Manuscripts therein contained, cannot conveniently resort thereunto: And whereas Arthur Edwards, late of Saint George Hano Wi] of Arthur ver Square in the County of Middle see Esquire, being desirous to preserve for the public Use the said edwards, El's;

Library, and to prevent the like Accident for the future, did by his lait Will and Testament, bearing Date the eleventh Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight,

and duly proved in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, give, devise and bequeath unto the Trustees of the said Library the Sum of seven thousand Pounds (if his Effects real and personal, not before disposed of by that his Will and Testament, should, after the Decease of Mistress Elizabeth Mi lies, amount to so much) to erect in a proper Situation such a House as might be most likely to preserve that Library as much as can be from all Accidents; but if it should so happen that before this Part of his Will could take place there should be erected such a proper Building for this Use, then he did give, devise and be questh the aforesaid Sum of seven thousand Pounds to the said Trustees, to' be employed in purchasing such Manuscripts, Books of Antiquities, ancient Coins, Medals and other Curiosities, as might be worthy to increase and enlarge the said Library; and did also thereby give to the said Trustees of the said Library,

to be placed in some by room or Corner thereof, all his Books, and the Cases in which they were then placed, and also his Pictures in his laid.last Will and Testament described; which Books, Book Cases and Pictures, he did desire and require might be delivered and given as loon after his Decease as might be,

to be placed in the said Library; and which, with the Approbation of the said Trustees, have been placed according to such Desire in the said library be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, " That when and as soon as the said Legacy of seven thousand Pounds 111 all on the Decease of the said Elizabeth The L cpcy ef Alilla become payable to the Trustees of the Cottonian Library, the same shall be paid to the Trustees by -cco 1 n this Act appointed, for the Purposes herein after mentioned, or to such Person or Persons as by the said Trustees, or the major Part of them in any General Meeting assembled, hall be authorised to receive the bellied by th -- same, to be applied by the Lid Trustees hereby appointed, either towards erecting Or providing a prdper sp.

for the Cottonian Library, or if such Repository shall be ere died or provided before the said pointed, by this. Legacy shall become payable as aforesaid, towards purchasing such Manuscripts, Books of Antiquities, A; t ancient Coins, Medals, and other Curiosities, as may be worthy to increase and enlarge the said Library;

500 C 22.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

A.D.

10, 000 h to be paid to the true ftees of the Earl and Countess of Oxford for the Harleian manu feripts.

Trustees for put

See 27 Geo. 2. (> 16. §. 3.

17 5 3*

and that the Acquittance of any Person or Persons authorised by the said Trustees, or the major Part of them in a General Meeting assembled, to receive the said Legacy of seven thousand Pounds, shall be, and be accepted as a sufficient Discharge to the Executors and Representatives of the said Yeftator for the Payment of the said Legacy.

III. And whereas the Right Honourable Henrietta Cavendish Holies, Countess of Oxford and Countess Mortimer, Relief of Edward Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, and the most noble Margaret Cavendish Duchess of Portland their only Daughter, have expressed their Approbation of a Proposal for the Purchase of the valuable Collection of Manuscripts, collected by the said Earl, and by Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer his Father, in consideration of the Sum of ten thousand Pounds, upon Condition that the same shall be kept together in a proper Repository, as an Addition to the Cottonian Library, and be called by the Name of the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys to be raised by virtue of this Act, the full and clear Sum of ten thousand Pounds shall be paid by Order of the said Trustees hereby appointed for the Purposes herein after mentioned, to the Trustees for the said Earl and Countess, to whom by an Indenture quadrupartite, made the second Day of August in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, the said Collection of Manuscripts among other Things was assigned for the Purposes in the said Indenture mentioned; the said Collection of Manuscripts to be placed and continued in the same Repository in which the Cottonian Library is herein after directed to be placed; and until the said Repository shall be erected or provided, in manner herein after mentioned, to be preserved in the Place where the same is now lodged, or in some other convenient Place to be approved by the said Trustees by this Act appointed, or the major Part of them in a General Meeting assembled, at the Costs and Charges of the said Trustees for the said earl and Countess, and of the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Executors, Administrators and Assigns of such Survivor, and of the Person or Persons to whose Use the said Sum of ten thousand Pounds shall be payable for the said Collection.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Archbishop of Canterbury for the ting this Act in Time being, the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, locution, the Lord Treasurer of Great Britain, or the First Commissioner of the Treasury for the Time being, the Lord President of the Council for the Time being, the Lord Privy Seal for the Time being, the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the First Commissioner of the Admiralty for the Time being, the Lord Steward of his Majesty's Household for the Time being, the Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty's Household for the Time being, the Bishop of London for the Time being, each of the Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being, being a Peer or Lord of Parliament, the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, each of the Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being, not being a Peer or Lord of Parliament, the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the Time being, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench for the Time being, the Master of the Rolls for the Time being, the Chief Justice of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Westminster for the Time being, his Majesty's Attorney General for the Time being, his Majesty's Solicitor General for the Time being, ihe President of the Royal Society for the Time being, the President of the College of physicians for the Time being, together with the Right Honourable Charles Lord Cadogan, and Hans Stanley Esquire, and together with Samuel Burroughs and ti.o mas Hart Esquires, two of the present Trustees of the Cottonian Library, (having been so appointed by the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Sir Robert Cotton, in pursuance of the said herein before recited Acts made in the twelfth and thirteenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, and in the fifth

Year of the Reign of Queen Anne) and together with the most noble William Duke of Portland, and the

Right Honourable Edward Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, shall be Trustees for putting this Act in Execution; and that they, or the major Part of them in a General Meeting assembled, whereof the said point fiueen At Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, and the Speaker of the House of corn ooates, mons, shall be three, shall, in such manner as they shall think fit, elect and nominate fifteen other Persons to be aflbeiated to them in the Execution of the Trusts hereby in them reposed; which fifteen Persons so elected and nominated shall be and continue for the Term of their natural Lives Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, with the like Power in all Respects as hereby is given to the Trustees herein before first appointed 3 and when any of the said Trustees so elected and nominated shall die, the Trustees herein before first appointed, and their Successors, shall in like manner cleft and nominate a fit Person Room of ul as or Persons to supply the Plact; or Places of him or them so dying, and so toties quoties any of the said

fiiaj) die. Trustees so elected and nominated, or others so elected and nominated to supply their Places, shall happen

to die.

Trurtes vacant 3 V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when either the said Charles by the Death of Lord Cadogan or Hans Stanley shall die, it shall and maybe lawful for the Survivor to nominate another i.ord c.idogin or fit Person to succeed the deceased in the Place of atrustee so vacant; and after the Decease of both of Hans Stanley, them (the said Charles Lord Cadogan and Hans Stanley) it shall and may be lawful for the Heirs Male of their Bodies, and upon Failure of the Heirs Male of the Body of either of them, to and for the Heirs Male of the Body of the other of them, being of full Age, or their respective Guardian or Guardians during their Minority, so nominate a Trustee for the Purposes of this Act, in the Room of the Person last nominated by the Survivor of them; and so as often as any Person supplying the Place of the said Charles Lord. Cadogan or Hans Stanley shall happen to die.

Trustee vacant*

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when either the said Samuel by the Death of Burroughs or Thomas Hart shall die, it fit all and may be lawful to and for Frances Hanbury, Widow and Relict of Francis Hanbury Esquire, (which Frances Hanbury is the Heir general of the said Sir Robert Cotton) and after

8

who are to ap

who are to continue Trustets lor Lite.

Election of new Trustees to be made in the

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

C

22.

5°*

after her Decease to and for the Heirs Male of her Body, being of full Age, and in default of such Issue, to Samuel burr and for her first, second, third, fourth, and every other Daughter severally, successively, and in Remain rousi!^a"[ Iho' der one after another, in Order and Course as they respectively shall be in Priority of Birth, and the fevc mjs 31 " ral and respective Heirs Male of the Bodies of such Daughters, being of full Age, or the respective Guardians of the Heirs Male of the said Frances and of her said Daughters, during their Minority, to nominate another fit Person to supply the Place of the deced ed Trustee, and so as often as any Person supplying the Place of either of said Trustees hall happen to die.

VII. Provided also, and.be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when either the said Nomination of William Duke of Portland, or the said Edward Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, herein before appointed Jr "*eenvilc?'lt(. Trustees for the Purposes of this Act shall die, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Countess of vvjfi, fm Duke Oxford and Countess Mortimer, and the said Duchess of Portland, or the Survivor of them, and after the0f Portland, or Decease of the said Countess and Duchess, to and for the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Duchess, Edward Earl of being of full Age, or their Guardian or Guardians during their Minority; and upon Failure of such heiis0x; rd

Male, to and for the Heirs Male of the Body of Edward now Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, being of

full Age, or their Guardian or Guardians dur.ng their Minority, to nominate another fit Person to supply the Place of the said Duke or the said Earl; and upon the Death of any Person so supplying the Place of either of them, to nominate another fit Person in his Stead, and so a? often as any Person so supplying the Place of either of them shall happen to die.

VIII. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees so to be nominated Trustees lb no by the Survivor of the said Charles Lord Cadogan and Hans Stanley, and by the Heirs Male of the Bodies ofrn.'nated> invertc4 them, or either of them, or the respective Guardians of such Heirs Male, in manner aforesaid, and by the llkc Pow" said Countess and Duchess, or the Survivor of them, or by such Heirs Male of the said Duchess, or of the said now Earl of Oxford and Mortimer as aforesaid, or by their Guardian or Guardians in manner aforesaid, shall have the like Power in all Respects in the Execution of this Act, as is hereby given to the Trustees herein before first named and described.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within the Cities of London or Westminster, or A pmeral re the Suburbs thereof, one general Repository shall be erected or provided in such convenient Place, and in ^rovs fcr'ih such Manner, as the Trustees hereby appointed, or the major Part of them at a General Meeting aftem rcirpdon^y ° bled shall direct, for the Reception not only of the said muj eutn, or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, but alfosioane's Mu, of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions which have been or shall be made thereunto by virtue of the^um, the cot last Will and Testament of the said Arthur Edwards, and likewise of the said Harleian Collection of Ma, "n. ' bra, V nuferipts, and of such other Additions to the Cottonian Library, as with the Approbation of the Trustees icrtnts anded by this act appointed, or the major Part of them at a General Meeting alien.bled, hall be made thereunto, wards's Addi in manner herein after mentioned, and of such other Collections and Libraries as with the like approba tions.

tion shall be admitted into the said general Repository; which several Collections, Additions and Library so received into the said general Repository, shall remain and be preserved therein for public Use to all,

Posterity.

X Provided always, That the said Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane in all its Branches, shallt1'" ta

be kept and preserved together in the said general Repository whole and entire, and with proper Marks ofbe kci>t lnt, re' Distinction. t1, e h3rle; an

XI. Provided also, That the said Harleian Collection of Manuscripts shall be kept together in the said coilc ainn to be

general Repository, as an Addition to the Cottonian Library. an Addition to

the cotton an Library.

XII. Provided always, That until the said general Repository shall be erected or provided in mannerthe Museum to before mentioned, the said Collection or Museum of Sir Hans Sloane shall remain in his said manor houseremain in the for public Use, under the Care of such Person or Persons as by the said Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord^1^0^ jj1 chancellor, qr Lord Keeper, and the Speaker of the House of Commons, or any two of them, hall be"'" pcj.p° nominated for that Purpose, with such Salary or Salaries, and Allowances for attending and preserving thcvided.

same, as by all the Trustees by this act appointed, or the major Part of them in a general Meeting af feinbled, shall be limited and directed; and the said Museum or Collection shall there be visited and seen by all Persons desirous to view the same, under such Rules as by the said Trustees, or the major Part of them in like manner assembled, shall be established; and that until the said Museum or Collection shall be removed to the said general Repository hereby intended to be erected or provided, the Expense of, preserving the said Museum or Collection, and of repairing and supporting the said manor house and.

premisses, shall be defrayed by the said 't rustees out of such Moneys as shall be payable to them for. that Purpose by virtue of this act.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as soon as the said when the Mi.

Museum or Collection shall be removed into the said general Repository, then and from thenceforth the^j11^ b said manor house and Garden, with their Appurtenances and Water, shall go and belong to such per m^no^house. soil or Persons, and in such Manner, as the said Sir Hans Sloane hath given and deviled the rest of his to go with, said Manors, Lands and Tenements at Chelsea, or elsewhere. the other Lands

deviled by Sir Hans Sloane.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better Execution of thetbetrusteesin purposes of this Act, the said Trustees hereby appointed shall be a Body Politic and Corporate in "rpora, 'r ?he Deed and Name, and have Succession for ever, by the Name of The Tmfiees of the Bridfh Museum; Trustees of the by that Name hall sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded, in all Courts and Places within this British Museum, Realm; and shall have Power to have and use a common Seal to be appointed by themselves; and toc.

make

502 C 22.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

Statutes,

Nomination of the Principal Librarian

Nomination of the rest of the Officers.

No officer's

make bylaws and Ordinances for the Purposes of this Act, and to assemble together when, where and as often, and upon such Notice as to them shall seem meet, for the Execution of the Trust: hereby in them reposed; and shall also have full Power, Capacity and Ability to purchase, take, hold and enjoy, for the Purposes of this Act, as well Goods and Chattels, as Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so as the yearly Value of fuel) Lands shall hot exceed five hundred Pounds above all Charges and Reprizes; the Statute of Mortmain, or any other Statute and Law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

tow ied' 'oirake ^' And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees so appointed and incorpo pow ie tonat ratecj or the major Part of them at any General Meeting assembled, shall from Time to Time,

and as often ns they shall think fit, make, constitute and establish such Statutes, Rules and Ordinances for the Custody, Preservation and Inspection of every Part of the several Collections hereby intended to remain and to appoint in the said general Repository, as to them shall seem meet; and shall and may in like manner assign such Sal anas to their Salaries and Allowances as they shall think lit to the Officers and Servants, who in manner herein after mentioned shall be appointed to attend and assist in the Care and Preservation of the several Collections contained in the said general Repository; and shall and may at their Pleasure in like manner susper.d or remove any such Officer or Servant for Misbehaviour or Nesleft of Duty.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Principal Librarian, to whom the Care and Custody of the said general Repository shall be chiefly committed, shall from Time to Time be nominated and appointed in manner following; that is to say, the said Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, and the Speaker of the House of Commons, or any two of them, shall recommend to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, two Persons, each of whom they shall judge fit to execute the said Office; and such of the said two Persons so recommended as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Writing under his or their Sign Manual shall appoint, after he shall become bound to the said Trustees by this Act appointed, for tlu due and faithful Discharge of his Office, in such penal Sum not being less than one thousand Pounds, as the said Trustees at any general Meeting assembled, or the major Part of them, shall think proper, hall have and hold the said Office during such Time as he shall behave well therein.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the rest of the Officers and Servants whose Attendance and Assistance shall be necessary in the Care and Preservation of the said general repo fttory, shall from Time to Time be nominated and appointed by the said Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, and the Speaker of the House of Commons, or any two of them.

XVIII. Provided always, That no such Person to whom the Care and Custody of the said general Replied by a Dc?" p°ritory shall be chiefly committed, nor any of the rest of the said Officers or Servants, unless in Cases of pity, y 3 occasional Sickness, or other necessary Cause of Absence, to be approved by the said Archbishop of Canterbury., Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, and the Speaker of the House of Commons, or any two of them, shall be permitted to supply his Place by a Deputy.

Afllstants and

XIX. Provided nevevtheless, That the Person, to whom in manner aforesaid the Care and Custody of subordinate offi the fajj general Repository shall be chiefly committed, shall and may be assisted by such subordinate Officers and Servants, as in manner aforesaid shall be appointed continually to assist him in the Execution of his Duty.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, from and after Payment of the said Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, and the said manor house and Garden, with the Appurtenances and Water, until the said Museum or Collection shall be removed to the said general Repository; and also the said Cottonian Library and Additions thereunto; and the said Harleian Collection of Manuscripts, from and after Payment of the said Sum of ten thousand Pounds; and the said general Repository, whrn the same shall be erected or provided for the Use thereof, shall be vested in the said Trustees by this Act appointed, and their Successors, for ever; upon this Trust and Confidence nevertheless, That a free accel's to the said general Repository, and to the Collections therein contained, shall be given to all studious and curious Persons, at such Times and in such Manner, and under such Regulations for inspecting and consulting the said Collections, as by the said Trustees, or the major Part of them in any General Meeting assembled, shall be limited for that Purpose. y may

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at any Time hereafter, by Letters Patent or Indenture under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant unto the said Trustees and their Successors in Perpetuity, for the Purposes of this Act, the Right or Use in or of any Room, Message or Building, or Rooms, messuages or Buildings, with the Appurtenances, or any Ground or Site, requisite for the Lreftion of the said general Repository, or for making any Addition thereto; any Reftvictions, or Matter or Thing contained in an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, inti 1 Ann. ft. 1, C 7. tuled, An Act for the better Support of her Majesty's Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Croza:; or any other Law or Statute in any wise notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic and Corporate, Trustees, Mortgagees and Feoffees in Trust, Guardians and Committees for Infants, Lunatics and Idiots, Executors and Administrators whatsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert, who are or shall be seized of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in their own Right, and to and the T ufto s for for all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seized, possefi cj of or interested in

me!) Repository. T m ——

Mu feu m, C vetted in the Trustees,

His Majest; grant to the Trustees any Building, See lor a general politory.

§ 5

Bodies Politic and Corporate, «xc. empowered to dispose of Lands, See. to

or the major Part of them, shall purchase, for the Purpose of erecting or providing such general Repository as aforesaid; and all Contrasts, Agreements, Sales and Conveyances which shall be made by any fttch

Bodies

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 22. 503

Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Persons aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, cjfage, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding: And that every such Sum of Money as sir all be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to or for the Use of any such Body Politic or Corporate, or other Person as aforesaid, shall be respectively laid out in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and settled to and upon, and subject to such Titles, Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders and Contingencies, as the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, purchased by the said Trustees, were settled, limited and allured at the Time of such Purchase, and shall be held and enjoyed accordingly; and that until such Purchases shall be made, the Money shall be veiled in some of the public Funds, or Government Securities, at interest, which shall be paid to or for the Use of such Person or Persons as would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments.

XXIII. Saving nevertheless to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Person andp, eferrat; on tn Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, Executors or Administrators, other all other Persons than and except the Trustees and ifitors by the said Sir Hans Sloane appointed by his Codicil herein beforeinterested of their recited, and other than and except the Trustees of the Cottonian Library, and the Trustees for the said1'6^ 10 Countess of Oxford and Countess Mortimer, all such Right, Title, Estate or Interest in or to the Premiiies

hereby vested in the i rustees by this Act appointed, and their Successors, as they or any of them had or might enjoy if this Act had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And for raising Money to satisfy and disc narge the several Sums that will be necessary for the3°°.c3oi itai': Purposes aforementioned. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful forp^ljiol ^rotf1te[iii any Person, Native or Foreigner, or Body Politic or Corporate, to contribute or advance for or towards an!and X niv s raising a Sum not exceeding three hundred thousand Pounds in the Whole, by paying at or before the re or Foreigner spective Day or Times herein after appointed in that Behalf, unto such Receivers as shall be in pursuance^ay contribute of this Act appointed for that Purpose, or one of them, the Sum of three Pounds, or diverse entire Sums oft, nekt'^ three Pounds, so as no Person, or Body Politic or Corporate, shall be allowed to contribute more than

twenty such entire Sums; for which Sum or Sums so advanced every such Contributor so advancing the same shall be entitled to receive, by virtue of this Act, such Sum or Sums of Money as is or are hereby directed or appointed; and every such Sum of three Pounds shall be paid to such Receivers, or one of them, at such Office as shall be appointed by the said Receivers for that Purpose (of which Appointment publick Notice shall be given in the London Gazette) in manner following; that is to say. One Pound, Part of every such Sum of three Pounds, shall be paid on or before the twenty-fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, and the remaining two Pounds on or before the twenty sixth Day of October following.

"Managers of the Lottery appointed. Books to be prepared by them with 3 Columns, and 50, 000 printed "Tickets. Form, cof the Tickets. Four of the Managers to be appointed Receivers of the Contri "buttons. There shall be printed 50, 000 Tickets, 4, 159 Tickets shall be the Fortunate Tickets, fiz.

"1 10, 000l. 15, 000l. 22, 000l. 101,000l. 15500l. 130 100l. 1,00020l. 3, 00010l. which, with 200l.

"to the first drawn Ticket, and 300l. to the lait drawn Ticket, will amount to 100, 000l. which, together "with the like Sum payable in respect of the corresponding Tickets, amount together to 200, 000l. Draw "of the Lottery to be on 26 Nov. 1753. Receivers may take in the Contributions, not exceeding 20 " from one Person; and are to exhibit an Account of the Moneys received and disbursed."

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys to be contribu of the jfu ted by this Add it shall and may be lawful for such Archbishop, Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, and najers Speaker, or any two of them, in like manner to cause Payment to be made to each and every of the said Managers and Directors of the Sum of one hundred Pounds each, for and in consideradon of their Labour or Trouble in the Execution of the several Matters herein before directed to be by them done and performed; and over and above the same Allowance, to cause in like manner Payment to be made to each of thean(1, °°1 cit said Receivers of the Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds for his Labour and Trouble in executing the ^rccdvek said Office of Receiver; and also the further Sum of one hundred Pounds to each of the Persons hereby and i(f0v ahe appointed to make and deliver Certificates in Exchange for the Tickets in the said Lottery, in manner here persons n ali, 5 in after mentioned, for their respective Labour and Trouble in making out and delivering such Certificates; ut Certificates and that all the Residue of the Money arising and to be contributed by virtue of this Act, and paid into then lkmk of England, for the Purposes of this Act, after Payment made by the Governor and Company of the bank

of England, or Money sufficient reserved for the Payment of the Sum and Sums of Money hereby payment of the directed to be ifltied to the Proprietors of the Fortunate Tickets in the Lottery hereby established, andf iizes, C o be other the Allowances to be made pursuant to this Act, shall be from Time to Time paid out of the banklo<l?(d in lhe of England, In such Manner and in such Proportions, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Trustees, Bjnk) cor the major Part of them, at any General Meeting assembled, by their Order in Writing shall direct and appoint; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby directed to make Payment and tei* of all such Sums of Money, as by the said Archbishop, Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, and speaker, mftces Q'- any two of them, in manner aforesaid, or by the said '1 rustees, or the major Part of them, in manner herein "after mentioned shall be ordered to be paid, and shall fufrer such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, at any General meeting.assembled shall appoint for that Purpose by Writing, to, mipeft the Accounts there; all which Payments so to be made for or in respect of the.lottery established by this Act, shall be free from any rates, Taxes, Duties or Impositions whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall sell the Chance Penalty r Chances of any Ticket or Tickets in the said i/ottery for a Day or Part of a Day, or for a longer timet 'horces CI tb than shall be lei's than the whole Time of drawing the Lottery; or shall receive any Money whatsoever in kebi -

2 _ consideration.

504 C 22.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

Application of the Forfeiture.

Scheme, C

Penalty on per fois who ill a 11 sell or buy Tickets, caster 3.4 Nov,

consideration of the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money, in case any Ticket or Tickets in the said or of laying Wa Lottery shall prove Fortunate, or shall lay any Wager relating to the Drawing of any Ticket or rickets fho drawing of m t*le Lid Tottery, either as to the Time of such icket or Tickets being drawn, or whether such Ticket Tickets. or Tickets be drawn Fortunate or Unfortunate: And all and every Person and Persons who shall offend in any of the aforementioned Matters, shall forfeit and pay treble the Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been rereived by such Person and Persons, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning or this Act, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety whereof to be for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; and every such Sale, Wager or Contrast, and every Agreement relating thereto, shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void. Pemlty of keep XEI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall keep '"g an office, orany or print or publish any Scheme or Proposal for receiving any Sum or Sums of Money, in con

pubhihing any jjderat iou of an Intetest to be granted for the same in any Ticket or Number of Tickets in the said Lottery, or in consideration of any Sum or Sums to be repaid in case any Ticket or Number of Tickets in the said Lottery shall prove Fortunate, all and every such Person and Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at ivejiminjhr, in which no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety whereof to be for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, and also shall suffer three Months Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize.

XLII. And whereas many and great Inconveniencies have arisen upon the Occasion of former Lot ' teries by the exeeffive Advance of the Price of Tickets, especially during the Time of drawing such Lotteries For Remedy thereof be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to sell, buy, alienate, deliver or receive, by way of Bargain or Sale, any Ticket in the said Lottery, or any Receipt for Tickets to be made out in pursuance of this Act; and every Person who shall so fell, alienate or deliver any Ticket or Receipt for Tickets, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Pounds for every Ticket which shall be so sold, alienated or delivered, and for every Ticket which shall be contained in any Receipt for Tickets so sold, alienated or delivered; and shall upon Conviction be committed to the County Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of one Calendar Month, and until the Sums so forfeited as aforesaid shall be fully paid and satisfied; every Person so buying or receiving such Ticket or Receipt for Tickets shall forfeit and lose the same, and shall not be inti led to receive any Benefit from the drawing such Tickets; all which Penalties shall and may be recovered by action or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at fvejimbtjhr, or before any two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Division or Liberty where such Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall be found, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or wit nefl es (which Oaths such Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer); all such Penalties to be applied, one third Part to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, one other third Part thereof to the Informer, and the remaining third Part thereof to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be Persons aggrieved committed; and in case any Person shall find himself aggrieved by any Determination of the Justices, it miy appeal 10 the shall be lawful for such Person to appeal to the Quarter sessions for the said County, City, Division or LI quarter seuions. berty, whose Determination shall be final.

Penalty of offi

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all Receipts and Issues, and all other Things directed by this Act fc evthan wha"to perf°i'med by any Officers or Persons, for or in respect of the Lottery hereby established, shall be perae allowed by formed by them without any other See, Gratuity or Reward, than what shall be allowed by virtue or under this Act. or of Authority of this Act; ami in case any such Officer or Person shall take or demand any Fee or Reward, other

oihermfe being wise than as aforesaid, or shall divert or apply any of the Sums to be paid pursuant to this Act, otherwise than d^himc of th aeeording to the Intent of this Act, or shall not keep Books, and catife Entries to be made, and do and perform all other Things which by this Act they are respectively required to do and perform, every such

Officer shah forfeit his rlace, and shall answer and pay treble Damages and Costs of Suit to any Adventurer, or the Executors, Administrators or Assigns of any Adventurer, or to any other Person or Persons that will sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, Injunflion or Order of Rcllraint, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed or granted; and in the said Action the

Plaintiff, upon Recovery, shall have full Costs; one third Part of which Sum so to be recovered shall be paid into the Bank of England, to be applied towards carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act; and the other two Thirds thereof shall be to the Use of him, her or them, who shall sue for the same.

1 the v.ho'?

XLIV. Provided always, and it is hereby drafted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case tin whole heets fiivil°not be Number of one hundred thousand Tickets in such intended Lottery shall not be subscribed or contributed fnifuibea lor, for, or the f^efidue (if any unsubscribed) shall not be declared by the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, at any General Meeting assembled, to be drawn and risked for the Purposes of this Act (which

Declaration the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorised to make) then and m The Directors t fuel) Case the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, shall apportion two third Parts of the Money that shall have been actually contributed for the Purchase of such other Tickets, in Prizes, ac filoney coatri cording to their Discretions, having regard, as near as may be, to the Distribution of Prizes or Fortunate luted, 'in Prizes, Lots by this Act appointed for the said whole Number of one hundred thousand Tickets, so as no such amie ye Prize be for less than ten Pounds, and no other greater Prize be computed for any fractional Part i.m: Notice of a Pound, and shall caul'c public Notice to be given thereof; and then, and in such Case only, Inch a

Number

Application of the Penalties.

their Duty.

Application of the Fmfeiiuie.

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii IIm C 22.

Number of Tickets as shall serve to answer the exact Numbers of Tickets as shall have been subscribed brand such .1 n'um contributed for, or risked by the said trustees as aforesaid, and such a Number of Blanks and Prizes, }*1' on, y H and such Sums in Prizes, as flail have been apportioned as aforesaid, shall be cut and put into the several " proper Boxes and drawn out in manner by this Act directed; anything in this at before contained tolcr, bed for the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding'

And to the end that all and ever the Payments upon the fortunate Tickets may be raote easily and duly made to the Persons who shall be entitled thereto; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within the Space of forty Days after the said Drawing shall be completed and ended, the within 40 Days said fortunate Tickets so to be drawn as aforesaid, shall be exchanged for Certificates, to be signed by theafterdwiving the Managers or Directors herein after appointed for that Purpose, or the major Part of them; which certi pc L lb ficates shall be made upon Paper, expressing the Sum or Sums to be paid to the Person or Persons intitledi'p^chanpcdvor to the Fortunate Tickets in lieu whereof such Certificates shall be given; and the said Managers and di certificates; redbors shall give public Notice of the Days and Times for taking in the said Tickets, and for delivering out the Certificates for ami in lieu of the same; and every Certificate shall be numbered as near as may be, in such Course and Order, as the Tickets for which the same are to be made oiit, shall be brought to the said mangers and Directors; for which Purpose, Books shall be kept, wherein shall be entered the Name of every Person bringing any Ticket or Tickets so to be exchanged, and the Number or Numbers of such Ticket or Tickets, and the Day of the Month and the Year of our Lord when the same was so brought in which Book and Books flail lie open in the Office to be appointed for taking in the said Tickets so to be exchanged, to the Intent the same may be perilled by all Persons concerned; and also that any Person or Persons may include as many ticketswnto one Certificate, as they flail think fit, which Certificate shall be made out unto and in the Name of the respective Person or Persons who shall bring the said Tickets to be exchanged for the said Certificate or Certificates, or whose Names shall be endorsed 'on t'ne said 'rickets as the Owners or Proprietors thereof; and such Certificates shall entitle such Owners or Proprietors or their Order or Assigns, to the Sum and Sums therein respectively expressed to be due; and shill be payable and paid by the governed and Company of the Bank' of England, or their Cashier or Cashiers, upon Demand, out of the Moneys that shall have been paid into the Bank of England by the said Receivers for the Purposes of this ade:

XLV i. ' 'And whereas the making and delivering of Certificates in Exchange for the.fottunate Tickets < of the said Lottery, and the other Matter's and Things directed 'by this' Act to be done, and performed by the said Managers and Directors, fubibquent to the Drawing of the Lottery, will not necessarily require the Service and Attendance of the whole Number of such managers.'and Directors; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said four Managers and Directors as shall be in pursuance of the Receivers this Add appointed Receivers of the ( ontributions to the said Lottery, or such of them as shall be then' "; living, shall be and are hereby authorised and required to exchange the said Fortunate Tickets for erti nfiktes. ficates, and to do all other Adds, Matters and .'Things; which are by this Add appointed and directed to be done, executed and performed, by the Managers and Directors after the Drawing of the Lottery, and all Matters and Things, to lie done and performed by the said Managers so appointed for exchanging

Tickets for Certificates, or the major Part of them, shall be as good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and

Purposes, as if the same had been done, .' performed and executed, by alii the Managers and Directors appointed by tin's Add; and from and after such End made of the Drawing of the said Lottery, the rest of.rjlc rfl lf 1])

the said whole Number of Managers and Directors shall be discharged from all future Service and Atten managers dif

dance required from and incumbent upon them by Virtue of this Act. charged from at

a tending after the Drawing is over.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Proprietors of the Fortunate Tickets to be drawn in the said Lottery as aforesaid, and each of them, flail on or before the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, apply to the said Managers and Directors, All Prize Tickets for exchanging Tickets for Certificates, and deliver for that Purpose such Fortunate Tickets so to be ex f be blousht changed; and that in Default thereof, no Certificates shall be given in Exchange for any Fortunate,

Tickets, not brought in for that Purpose, on or before that Day; and the Governor and Company of the 1^4/ 31 CC Bank of England, or their Cashier or Cashiers, flail not pay any Sum or Sums of Money which would no Certificates have otherwise been due on such Fortunate Tickets, not brought in to be exchanged for Certificates, onto he afterwards or before the said thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, but flail detainsranted; all such Sum and Sums of Money in their Hands, and bring the same to the Account of the said Trustees, but the Bank to to be applied by them, or the major Part of them, for the other purposes bf their strufb d' tain tie JV°

XLVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys which shall arise ^o'thea^oun* from the said Lottery, subject to the Charge of Management thereof, after Payment made, or Money fuf of the Tnutecs!'" lieicnt rei erved for the Payment of the Sums hereby directed to be issued to the Proprietors of the Forttt Application of mite Tickets, shall be appropriated, and in manner herein after mentioned issued, applied, and reserved the Moneys auto the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein after expressed, and to no other Use, Intent or Purposefing by this Act. whatsoever; that is to say. In the first Place the full and clear Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, Part thereof, shall, before the eleventh Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, be issued by Order of the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, at any General Meeting assembled. to the execu i0>000f to the tors of Sir Hans Sloane, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, in consideration of his said Museum or, £ec "'xs cf Sif colleislion, and of the Use and Benefit of the said Manor Koufe and Garden, with the Appurtenances ans oanc' and Water, until such Time as the said Museum or Collection shall be removed to the said General repository: the next Place, and in like manner, shall be issued to the said Countess of Oxford and Coun Vox. VII Ttt'tess

506 C 23. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

tojoco]. to thetcts Mortimer, and her Trustees, the full and clear Sum of ten thousand Pounds, or so much thereof, as Countcis of Ox together with the Legacy of seven thousand Pounds bequeathed to the Trustees of the Cottonian Library, in manner abovementioned, shall be sufficient, in case the.laid Legacy shall, before that Time, take

effect, to pay the pr ce for the said harl fan Collection of Manuscripts, so as the said Collection, until such Time as the said General Repository shall be erected and provided for the Reception thereof, shall remain in the Place where the same is now lodged, or in some other convenient Place to be approved by the said Trustees, or the major Part of them so assembled, and shall be there preferred and maintained at the Costs and Charges of the said Countess of Oxford and Countess Mortimer, and her Trustees: After Payment of which several Sums of twenty thousand Pounds, and ten thousand Pounds, so much Money shall and may be issued and applied by Order of the said Trustees, or the major Part of them so assembled, as shall A General Repo', ', sufficient to ch fray the Expence of retting or providing the said General Repository, and of the necef

______tpence wlncii may be incurred 111 preserving and maintaining the said Mufti, *-

t tidin^rhe pr -- ms Sloane, at his said Manor House at Chelfeu, during such Time as the said Museum or Collection shall frying the Mu. remain there, and in removing the said Museum or Collection; and also in removing the Cottonian Library, iemri, C and the Additions thereunto made or to be made, and the Harleian Collections of Manuscripts, to the said 'ooool to lip' General Repository; which Expense being defrayed, the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds shall and may vuc out: it inti r he reserved to be placed out at Interest, by Order of the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, in any fit in the publick General Meeting assembled, in any Parliamentary Security or Securities, or to be lent, from Time to Time, Funds, towiu dsm Part, or in the whole, upon the Credit of any Taxes or Duties imposed by Parliament, at such Interest ficesj]trils°r "r the Forbearance of such Loan, as by any Act imposing such Taxes or Duties, or any other Act, shall

C "...be limited; the Interest of, which Sum of thirty thousand Pounds so referred, shall and may be issued and

applied, bwlike Order of the said Trustees, or the major Part of them so assembled, for and towards Payment of the Salaries and Allowances which, in manner aforesaid, shall be assigned by the said Trustees to the Officers and Servants attending or assisting in the said General Repository, and for and towards the Payment of such other Costs and Charges as the Custody and Preservation of the said several Colleciions, and the p epairs or Alterations of the said General Repository, and the due Execution of the Trull hereby reposed in the said Trustees, 'shall require: And if after Payment of the said first mentioned Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, and of the said Sum of ten thousand Pounds, or Part thereof, upon the Contingency herein before mentioned, and after Payment of so much Money as the Expense of erecting, or providing and furnishing the said General Repository, and of such Cabinets, book cases, and other Conveniencies and Embellishmenis, and of maintaining or preserving the said Museum of Collection of Sir Huns Sloane at the said Manor House at Chelsea, The Surplus, if and of removing the said several Collections to the said General Repository, shall amount to; and if after any, reserved for reserving the last mentioned Sum of thirty thousand Pounds for the Purposes aforesaid, any Surplus shall the future Difp°, remajn of the Moneys so raised by virtue of this Act, the same shall be reserved for the future Dispofuion

iiuon or rarlia C r, J9*

Vpieiit OI t<irj itutlclyt.,

XLIX. Provided always, That in the mean time, until such Surplus shall be disposed of by Tarlia: merit, it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, unj may be plat to place out or lend the said Surplus, or any Part thereof, upon such Securities, and upon such Credit, as ceciou. atintercft, t^ey are herein before empowered to place cut or lend the said Sum of thirty thousand Pounds herein be

J^1 rnrq grl t r Kn rpf. ft/prl P Pnenorl r p T nfoi'o/i*L»uvon until tka Pvtnnitxal Jjg j q dlf'"

of this Act, be limited

and directed.

CAP. XXIII.

an Act For granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Surplus Moneys remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for enlarging the Time limited by an act of the last sdtion of Parliament for subscribing Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, into the Joint Stock of Annuities; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

MOST gracious Sovereign; We Britain in Parliament assembled

your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which vc haveclu arfull/

fest of the said Supplies, have resolved to give ami grant unto your Majesty the Sum of four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds out of thesurpluflcs, Exceiies and Overplus Moneys, or otlwrrevenues computing the Sinking Ftiml; and to that End and Purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, raid Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

z Spi

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

C 23, 1 T

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys ns now arc, or hall from Time to Time be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the said Surpluses, exceites, a: d Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues coni the Sinking Fund (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money ns have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall and may be issued and applied a Sum not exceeding the said Sum of four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, for 420, 000]. and towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred »ranfl1, ', ut of and fifty-three; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now (,

being, or the High Treasurer, or any three, or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time s^ivice of II e being, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly. current Yeur,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of one hundred thousand four.w; tj, he full er hundred eighty-two Pounds fourteen Shillings and threepence Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of his Sums in the majesty's Exchequer, on the two seventh Parts of the additional Rates and Duties of Excise, granted by an chequer, of.

Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, and the Sum of1?'*311'Q; seventy nine thousand eight hundred twelve Pounds and sixteen Shillings, remaining in the Receipt oqq.m'.q his Majesty's Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Funds for the Lottery in the Year of our Lord one thou of Excise j fund seven hundred and fourteen; and the Sum of fifty-four thousand five hundred eighty Pounds and nine; 9, si2l. r>s. Shillings, remaining in the Exchequer of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Spirituous Liquors, Surplus office granted by several Acts of the sixteenth and twenty-fourth Years of his Majesty's Reignand also th, e l^rervt vj' Sum of eighteen thousand thirty-five Pounds nine Shillings and three Farthings, now remaining in the of Exchequer, being the Overplus of the Grants for the Service of the Yeaqone thousand seven hundred and eyauj: ig.al fifty-two, but not applied to the Service of that Year, shall and may be issued and applied at the said Re duties n lo.v ceipt, as Part of the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the year open thousand seven hundred and fifty-three; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof' in ahyaotz.118, 03ft. wise notwithstanding. 95, 39. o'vef

flus of the Grants, unappropriated, for the year-17-52.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys rbpr; ation (p

coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer bills, upon one Act of this Session of Par Supplies. ° liament, (entitled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder,

and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three; and for enlarging the

limited by an Act of the last Sejftm of Parliament for subscribing Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds -1"'

Centum per Annum, into the Joint Stock of Annuities therein mentioned) and so much Money (if any such be) of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bill, made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, (entitled, An Act for an(j Land Tax granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three) and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said land-tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and the Sum of one hundred thousand four hundred eighty-two Pounds fourteen Shillings andanij otf, er sum, threepence Halfpenny, remaining in the Exchequer, on the two seventh Parts of the additional Rates and remaining in the Duties of Excise, granted by an Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William exchvpr.r, C and Queen Mary, and the Sum of seventy nine thousand eight hundred twelve Pounds and sixteen Shillings, remaining in the Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Funds for the Lottery, in the Year of oiir Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and the Sum of fifty-four thousand five hundred eighty Pounds and nine Shillings, remaining in the Exchequer of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Spirituous Liquors, granted by several Acts of the sixteenth and twenty-fourth Years of his Majesty's Reign; and the s um of eighteen thousand thirty-five Pounds nine Shillings and three Farthings, remaining in the Exchequer, being the Overplus of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, but not applied to the Service of that Year and also the Sum of four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds by this Act granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, for and towards the several Uses and Purposes herein after expressed; that is to say, it is hereby enacted and de viz. Sco, o6 i dared by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, 13 s. id, a there shall and maybe issued and applied, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eight hundred thoudn4vil selv1' -- sand two hundred six Pounds thirteen Shillings and eleven Pences for or towards the naval "Services herein after particularly expressed; is to say, for or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Fear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed, and for or towards defraying the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three.

IV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or5f>°°oj.; supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding <ftc(nw, Kl' Horten thousand Pounds, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the bet rt" "

Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

8 C

23-

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

A.D.

1753.

V. And be it hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies i ifi, 5c61. is. aforesaid, there shall and maybe ifl tied and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred of owi iance, " sixteen thousand five hundred six Pounds one Shilling and threepence, for the Charge of the Office of j.and Service. Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, performed and to

be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

VI. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid.

1, 067, 021l. rid. n q. to the Land

Foiers, viz. there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one Million sixty seven thousand twenty-one Pounds and eleven Pence Halfpenny, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, herein after more particularly expressed; is to say, Any Sum or 62s, 3151. 7 s. sums of Money, not exceeding six hundred twenty-eight thousand three hundred fifteen Pounds Even shil "j lings and eleven Pence, for defraying the Charge of eighteen thousand tight hundred and fifty 7 liven ef

C in Great fetstive Men, including Commission and non commission Officers, and also one thousand eight hundred P'ntain, C lem and fifteen Invalids, for Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, guern fy> and Jersey \j-ey and Jersey, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money,

A' r rtr 1 11. t'"'"

6 PI

norca

braltar, and for Pro VI (ions for Nova Scotia,

Newfoundland,

Gibraltar, and Providence.

58, 370l 15-

one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty-eight thousand two hundred seventy Pounds fifteen Shillings and five Pence upon Account, for out pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty-eight thousand Pounds, upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, subject to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as.are hereafter prescribed concerning the 5d to out pen same; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand two hundred eighty eight Pounds hon a ciie sea ^ve Shillings and five Pence, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private 5s!ooool 'to re Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the superannuated c'uitd ofhccis; Gentlemen of the four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty il.jss I. 5s. 5d. three; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand and thirty-six Pounds, for paying of to 1 he Hoi ic Pennons to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines as died upon the duceli CE Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of - o jg'l to Wi Dcccjnber one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three; dna e of half-pay which Laid Sum of three thousand and thirty-six Pounds, shall be issued to such Person or Persons as his Officers.* Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, direct and appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over to such Widows of half-pay Officers, or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lists, or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, and other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty, by such and the like Warrant or Warrants, 26, 689l. t3 s. shall he graciously pleased to direist and appoint; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty

8 i. foig extrnor six thousand six hundred eighty nine Pounds thirteen Shillings and eight Pence, for defraying the extraor cfnary txpenecs dinary Expenses of his maj esty's Land P'orces, and other Services, incurred in the Year one thousand seven "Vc CD - tj, C^timed red and fifty-two, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceed ekiaor of Bava 's twenty thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Fledtor of B. jiu, varia, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or sums.of Money not exceeding thirty-two thousand Pounds,

52, coo 1. to the10 enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the King of Poland, Elector of Saxony, purfu kinj of Poland, ant to Treaty.

VII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Slip

11: HI " " -

or Sums of Money not exceeding forty seven thousand one hundred sixty seven Pounds six Shillings an! six .17, 1671. 65. 6d. Pence, upon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of njvc. nv fori hfocsc^colp >j01' tb - Year one thousand seven hundred and silty three.

V r. " "n"

VIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies

aforesaid, there shall and may he issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seven 7i9dsre"f e thousand nine hundred sixteen Pounds nineteen Shillings and eleven Pence, to replace to the Sinking Fund rnod* the additlo Ptc like Sum paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Ghrtftmas rul Stamp Duties, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seven hundred at chrifhnas forty-nine Pounds three Shillings and threepence Halfpenny, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like 175j- Sum paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the Duty on Licences for retailing of Spirituous

749^ s "T q Liquors at Ladyday one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not CX uiiti fhn'ur'r' ce5^'n? ll rlc th.oufr.nd eight hundred forty six Pounds three Shillings and threepence Halfpenny, to replace ces for retailing t the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to m.ke good the Deficiency of the Duty of of Spirituous LI twelve Shillings a Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar at M'uhaeiinns

quors at Lady one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two thou raid -

9, 8461. 3s.

food thedutiis of Skeepey, in the County of Kent, now in,

mi Sweets it Mi ftiinds; and any Sum or Stuns of Money not exceeding t\yo thousand Pounds towards enabling the Commissioners

J vniv inuumuu r cu uuitvircu ti. tiij t vvo, Ai; VI itliy uuijl Ul enillia 'I haumvj IJV m. once V VI 1» V .» 111011

two hundred fourteen Pounds, two Shillings and threepence, to be applied and paid to Captain John I cr 3d non, in full Satisfaction of all his Demands on, Claims to, or Interest in forty Acres of I, and in theltland '* e p! L r C r'- J - the Possession of the Crown, whereon the Sort of Sheerness

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 23. 5°9

missioner for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from the City of westmlafter to the opposite Shore chaelmas 1752. in the County of Surrey, to maintain the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts repoied in them; 2, 214). 23. 3d, and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three thousand Pounds, towards laying out, making and f01.<'ja]'ntjvjen'non' keeping in Repair a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City of Car life to the shcepey/ where Town of Newcaflh upon Tyne, and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding sixteen thousand Pounds, ti, e; \, 't ot towards building a Fort at Annamabo, and themaintenar.ee and Support of that and other British Sorts Sbiernei's tends, and Settlements upon the coast of Africa, to be applied in such Manner as his Majesty shall think proper; 2>ocf L and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceedingjtwo thousand six hundred and thirty-two Pounds, upon minftel Account, for defraying the Charges of the civil Establishment of his Majesty's Colony of Georgia, and makpig^road other incidental i xpences attending the same from the Surrender of the Charter to his Majesty by the late f, om caiiflcto Trustees on the twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, to the twenty-fourth os Newcastle.

June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three. t6, oooo1. to tbs

Settlements on the Con ft of Africa, 2, 632l. to the Civil Establishment of Georgia,

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids and Supplies provided as These Aids to be

aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and applied only to Purposes before mentioned; or for he several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfied there no, edte ure" out by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose, contcined in any other '

Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

X. And as to the said Sum of fifty-eight thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated on Account of Half Rules to be os

pay as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after fovedin ihe ap prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application of the said half-pay; that is to say, That no Person ct ll,

shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the 2. C

Time when the Regiment, Trcop or Company, in wl ich he Served, was reduced; that no Person shall IO §14. have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment,

Troop or Company, that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Ganifon or Regiment, who has any ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain,

XI. ' And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his Majesty sij gec.a. c.ij. ' Reign (entitled. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned out of the

Sinking Fwul, and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money therein also mentioned by Exchc

r r, .7 o ' one thousand seven hundred and

_ of Parliament) several Supplies: appropriated to several Uses and Pitr poses therein expressed; which any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding sixty thousand Pounds was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf; 'Now it is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, Thatfo much of the said Sum of sixty thousand Pounds, as is or shall be more than sufficient Overplus of the to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said Act to be observed in theyej*r's hjlf application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such Officers who are^v", oblcas

Behalf; anything in this Act or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstandin_

XII. ' And whereas by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and26 Geo

- '*' hon

ment

granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thou findseven hundred and fifty three; and for enlarging the Time limited by an act of the last Session of Parliament for subjeribing Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, into the Joint Stock of Annu' hies therein mentioned, reciting that by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for 25 Gc0> 2 c. 7

conver

off.

erting the several Annuities therein mentioned into several Joint Stocks of Annuities transferrable a ngland, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and also for consolidating the several other Annuities th

sere in mcn

ticued into several Joint Stocks of Annuities transfer) able at the south-sea House, Books were directed to be prepared for receiving the Subscription or Consent of such of the Proprietors of several Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, as Should subscribe the same into the joint Stock of Annui ties in the said Act described, at any Time between the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two and the fifth Day of January one thousand seven h n.dred and fifty-three inclusive,

and no longer; and further reciting, that the greatest Part of the said Annuities had been subscribed ac coidingly, and that some of the Proprietors of such Part of the find Annuities as remained unsubscribed, might be desirous that the Time for such f ubfciiption Should be enlarged, which would also be of Advantage to the Public; it was enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England Should cause such Books as had been prepared according to the Directions of the sail Act, for receiving the Subscription of the Proprietors of the said Annuities into the said Joint Stock of Annuities, to be kept

io C 24, 25. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

open at the Bank of England for that Purpose, in such manner as by the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament is directed, to the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three inclusive, ' being the Time limited by the said Act for the Subscription of other Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Gentian per Annum, and that such Proprietors of the said Annuities after the Rate 1 of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, as had not subscribed the same into the said Joint Stock of An act' nuities, their respective Attorneys, Representatives or Assigns, an J all Persons authorised by the said Act ' to subscribe for them before the Ik'd fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, should, ' Power to make such Subscription without Fee or Charge, at any Time before the said fifth Day of

£ April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, and that such Subscription should be as valid and eft ec ' tual to all Intents and Purposes, assis the same had been made before the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three; And whereas although the greatest Part as well of the said An act' nuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, as of the said Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, hath been subscribed, according to the Direction of the said Acts made in the last and in the present Session of Parliament, but Part thereof fill remains unsubscribed: And whereas the enlarging of the Time for the Subscrip ion of the said Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and the further enlarging of the Time for the Subscription of the said Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum., may be a b. c. C nefit to such of the Proprietors of the said several Annuities as have not yet subscribed the same, and will opeva^the bank' a he f Advantage to the Public: 'Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor and to 10 oft. 1755, Company of the Bank of England shall cause such Books, as have been prepared according to the di for receiving the reftion of the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for receiving the Subscription of the Propri subscriptions of etors of the said several Annuities into the said several Joint Stocks of Annuities, to be kept open at the bank of thetmfub^ri hlnglajtd for that Purpose, in such manner, as by the said Act is directed, to the tenth Day of October bed Annuities, " one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, inclusive; and such Proprietors of the said several Annuities as have not already subscribed the same into the said several Joint Stocks of Annuities, their respective attornies, Representatives or Assigns, and all Persons authorised by the said Act to subscribe for them, shall have Power to make such Subscription without Fee or Charge, at any Time before the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three; and such Subscriptions shall be as valid and effectual to

all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been made before the said fifth Day of January, or fifth Day of

Sucii of the Pro April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three; and that all such Proprietors of any Part of the said feve piietys as ifcall ral Annuities remaining unsubscribed, as shall not before the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven their difiint6 hundred and fifty-three by themselves, or by their respective Attorneys, Representatives or Assigns, or the

"1 'l'Persons authorised by the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to subscribe for them, declare

and signify, by subscribing in the same or other Books to be kept open at the Bank of England for this Purpose, under a proper Preface, their Names and Places of Abode, with other proper Additions, their Difient

to the converting their Annuities into the said respective Joint Stocks of Annuities in the said Act described, shall have the Benefit of the said Acts made in the last and present Session of Parliament, and of this present Act, in as full and ample Manner as if they had respectively subscribed their said Annuities pursuant to the their Arncitlcs Direction of either of the said Acts; and that the said Annuities, the respective Proprietors whereof shall

u'tb" not, on or before the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, so express such

Diflent, shall from and after the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, be convened into the said respective Joint Stocks of Annuities in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament described.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees and Lessees. EXP. Time granted to i Jan. 1754.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to render more effectunl an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a public Reward for such V erf on or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude; and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a public Rewardfor such person or Persons as shalluif coroer the Longitude at Sea, the Commissioners therein and thereby named and coitftitured, or any five or more of them, have full Power to hear and receive any Proposal or Proposals that shall be made' to them for discovering the said Longitude; and in case the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them shall be so far satisfied of the Probability of any such Discovery, as to think it proper to make Experiment thereof, they shall certify the same under their Hands" and Seals to the Commissioners of the Navy for the Time being, together with the Persons Names who are Authors of such propo.a's; and upon producing such Certificate, the said Commissioners are thereby authorised and required to make nut a Bill or Bills for any such Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two thousand Pounds, as the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the said Longitude, or any five or more of them, shall think necessary for making the Experiments, payable by the Treasurer of the Navy; which Sum or

Sunn

Ann, ft. 2, C. 15. C

C

C

C

C

C

C

X

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 25. 511

Sums the treasurer of the navy is by the said Act required to pay immediately to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the Commissioners for Discovery of the said Longitude to make those Experi ments, out of any Money that shall be in his Hands unapplied for the Use of the Navy: And wheteas for a due and sufficient Encouragement to any such Person or Persons as shall discover a proper Method for finding the said Longitude, it is likewise enacted by the said Add, That the first Author or Authors, C Discoverer or Discoverers of any such Method, his or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall be entitled to and have such Reward, as in the said Add is particularly mentioned: And whereas by another Act of Parliament made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, C 3?

An Act for surveying the chief Ports mid plead Lands on the Coasts oj Great Britain and Ireland, and the Ifands and Plantations thereto belonging, in order to the more exact Determination of the Longitude and Latitude thereof; reciting in Part the said Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne; and also reciting that it was absolutely neeefl ary for making the Discovery useful at Sea, and for the Security of Ships approaching near the Shoars, that the chief Ports and Head Lands e on the Coaids of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Islands and Plantations thereto belonging, ihoitld be first surveyed, and the Longitude and Latitude of such Places determined more exactly than had then been done; and likewise reciting that some Doubts had arisen, whether by the Words of the said Add of.

Parliament made in the twelfth Year of Queen Anne, the said Sum of two thousand Pounds appointed for making such Experiments, or any Part thereof, could be applied for such Survey, or fixing the Lon ' gitude or Latitude of such Places, it was enacted by the said Add made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, That the said Commissioners for discovering the Longitude, or any five or more of them, should have full Power to apply such Part of the said Sum of two thousand Pounds mentioned in the said first recited Act, as had not then been laid out in Experiments, as they should think necessary for the making such Survey, and determining the Longitude and Latitude of the chief Ports and Head Lands on the Coalds of Great Britain and Ireland, and the 1 Hands and Plantations thereto belonging; and that such Sum or Sums, Part of the said two thousand Pounds, which the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, should think necessary, should be paid immediately by the treasurer of the navy to such Person or Persons as should be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude to make such Survey, and determine such Longitude and Latitude, out of the Money that should be in the Hands, of such Treasurer unapplied for the Use of the Navy: And C whereas a competent Number of the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the said Longitude have ' (by virtue of the Powers vested in them by the said aist made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne) heard and received several Propofah made to them at different Times for discovering the said Lon ' gitude, and were so far satisfied of the Probabilities of such Discoveries, that they thought it proper to make Experiments thereof, and accordingly certified the same from Time to lime to the Commissioners of the Navy for the Time being, together with the Name of Mailer "John Harrison, who was Author of the said Proposals; Bills were made out for several Sums of Money, amounting in the Whole to one thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, all which respective Sums were paid to the said John Har ' rifon by the Treasurer of the Navy, pursuant to the Direfifions of the said last mentioned Adr'of Parliament, as Parts of the said two thousand Pounds therein mentioned; which the said Commissioners for discovering the said Longitude thought necessary for making the said Experiments: And whereas a like competent Number of the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the said Longitude did (by \ irtue and in pursuance of the Powers vested in them by the said several abovementioned ars of Parliament)

appoint Master William Whiston to survey and determine the Longitude and Latitude of the chief Ports"

and Head Lands on the Coalls of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Islands and Plantations thereto fce longing; and did also apply the further Sum of five hundred Pounds (other Part of the said Sum of two thousand Pounds mentioned in the said Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne) wi ich they thought necessary for the making such Survey, and determining the said last mentior.cd Longitude and Latitude, and which said Sum of five hundred Pounds was paid to the said William Whiston accord ingly by the treasurer of the Navy: And whereas by reason of the several Payments made by the Trca surer of the navy to the said "John Harrison and William Whijhn reflectively as aforesaid, amounting in the Whole to one thousand, seven hundred and fifty Pounds, the said Commissioners for discovering the said Longitude have at present, by virtue of the said Adds of Parliament, Power only to apply the Sum of ' t svo hundred and fifty Pounds, and no more (being the Remainder of the said two thousand Pounds)

towards making any further Experiments which they may think proper and necessary to be made, in order to discover the said Longitude: And whereas from the experiments which have already been made in pursuance of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners as aforesaid, there is great Reason to expect, that by continuing to encourage ingenious Persons to invent and make further Improvements and Experiments, C in ords r to discover the said Longitude, such Discoveries may at length be produced, as will effectually answer that End, and thereby contribute very much to the Advantage of the Trade and Honour of this Kingdom: Therefore for enabling the said Commissioners to cause (ueh further Experiments to be madecoirmueo as they shall think proper for the Purposes aforesaid; it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, "'; by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre to e sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Commissioners conflcituted ccive i'l r pofals by the said at of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, for the Dif, 'ord:, v5fins covery of the Longitude at Sea, and for examining, trying and judging of all Proposals, Experiments and.

Improvements relating to the same, or any five or more of them, have full Power to hear and receive any, ],

Proposal or proposals that have bepn or shall hereafter be made to them for discovering the said Longitude at make expci i sea; and in case the said Const toners, or any five or snore of them, shall be so far satisfied.of the pro menu, Uwy st

babil ty-10 ee'.rity tl'.s

II. j 2 C 26, 27. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

fime, and the liability of any such Proposal or Discovery as to think it proper to make Experiment thereof, they (ha!) author's Name, certify the same under their Hands and Seals to the Commissioners of the Navy for the Time being, toge floners^the therwith the Persons Names who shall be the Authors of such Proposals; and upon producing such certi j, lav, r,; ' ficate, the said Commissioners of the Navy are hereby authorised and required to make out a Bill or Bills rvho are to make fqr any such Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two thousand Pounds, over and above the aforesaid Sum out a Bill for of two hundred and fifty Pounds, being the Remainder of the two thousand Pounds mentioned in the said such a limited Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, as the said Commissioners for the Dif sum as UM be covery of the said Longitude, or any five or more of them ball think necessary for making any Experiments thoug t neci. - urtuance of this Act, or either of the said former Acts abovetmentioned, payable by the Treasurer of the Navy; which Sum or Sums the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being is hereby required to pay to be paid to the immediate! y to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Perton making Longitude to make those Experiments, out of any Money that shall be in his the said treasurer's Hands

the Experiment., R, Tlr., r 3 1 3

unapplied for the Use of the Navy.

Additional Com ' TI. And whereas many of the Commissioners appointed by the said Act made in the twelfth Year of tin015 af" 1 t'lc reis" f ^ler ate Majesty Queen Anne are deceased Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich for the Time being, the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty for the Time being, the Secretaries of the Treasury for the Time being, the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being, and the Comptroller of the Navy for the Time being, shall be, and they are hereby added to and joined with such of the Commissioners appointed by the said Act for discovering the Longitude as are surviving; and the said Persons hereby appointed Commissioners, shall and may aft, to all Intents and Purposes, for putting in Execution the said former Acts and this present Act, See farther zga, as fully and effectually as if they had been appointed Commissioners by the said Act made in the twelfth 3- C ls Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to permit Persons professing the Jewish Religion to be naturalised by Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. REP.

nj.ic.i. c.s.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of King Janies the First, entitled, ' V An Act that all such os are to be naturalised or restored in Blood, shallfirjt receive the Sacrament of tie Lord's Sapper, and the Oath of Allegiance, and the Oath of Supremacy; every Person who shall apply to be naturalised by Act of Parliament, being of the Age of eighteen Years or upwards, is required to receive the Sacrament of the lord's Supper within one Adonth before the Bill for such Naturalisation be exhi bited, whereby many Persons ol considerable Substance professing the Jewish Religion are prevented from being naturalised by Bill to be exhibited in Parliament for that Purpose: And whereas by an Act made in i Geo. 2. C y. ' the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreign Pro 4 t eft ants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or fthall settle in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, Persons professing the Jcivifl) Religion who have inhabited and resided, or hail inhabit and reiide for the Space of seven Years or more in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, and shall not have been abfert out of some of the said Colonies for a longer Space than two Months at any one Tinre during the said seven Years, are naturalised upon their complying with the Terms therein mentioned, without their receiving the Sacrament of the lord's Supper; 'Be it therefore enacted, fife.

"'Jews, upon Application to Parliament, may be naturalised without taking the Sacrament. Clause to "be inserted in every Bill, subjecting the Person to the Disabilities expressed in 1 Geo. 1. c. 4. No Person 1, 1 to be naturalised who has not resided in Great Britain or Ireland for three Years, without being absent "than three Months at one Time, and who hall not bring Proof of his having professed the Jewish Religion for three Years before. Jeves disabled from pure nafing or inheriting any Auvowfon or Right of "pa.ronage, l3c. Repealed 27 Geo. 2. C ift

CAP. XXY1T.

An Act to confirm certain Acts and Orders made by juprices of the Peace being of the sffto rum, notwithstanding any Defect in not expressing therein that such Justices of the Peace are of the Quorum.

WHEREAS Authority is given by diverse Acts of Parliament to two or more Justices of the Peace, whereof one or more are to be of the fthnnan: And whereas diverse Acts, Orders, Adjudications,

No Act or Order of two or more Justices 10 be va cuted for Deleft o i!y, iit not ex p eitint, tout o: e or more of inch fnftic s are of je Quorum. CC iun.i: gj ufiui'.

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth I jay of Jane in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, no Act, Order, Adjudication, Warrant, Indenture of Apprenticeship, or other Instrument already made, done or executed, or hereafter to be made, done or executed, by two or more Justices of the Peace, which doth not express that one or more of the Justices is or are of the .[fiorttnt, shall be impeached, let aside or vacated, for that Deleft only; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. f dtpuice see feather 27 CV 2. r. 16 S' 20. I Go. 3. C 13.

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

C 28, 29. 513

5 HU C 13. 19 El. C 5. 13 G?

14 c<ir. 2. C 6» 24 Geo. 2. er. 43.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for the preventing of the Inconveniences and Dangers that may arise from the present saw Methods of digging Gravel, Sand, Stone, Chalk, and other Materials, on the several com 'v.ftm mons and waste Grounds within this Kingdom, for the Repair of the Highways, and for 3p fm C % other Purposes.

22 Car, 2. C 12. 3 TV. £? M. C 12. 7 TV. 3. C zg. S9TV. 3. C 16. 7 Geo. 2. c 9. 8 Geo. 2. c. 20. 14 Geo. 2. c. 42.

rhereas it is become a common Practice to get Materials out of Commons, Heaths and Waste Grounds, for the Repairs of the Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes, and to leave the Pits and Holes thereby occasioned open and dangerous for Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and.consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Gravel pit., C assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June onet0 be jtt1 thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, if any Person or Persons hall by reason of getting any Gravel, flujtte

Sand, Stones or Chalk, or other Materials, for repairing any Highway, or for any other Purpose what i^pt 0pcn. soever, make or cause to be made any Pit or Hole in any Common, Heath or Waste Ground, such Person or Persons hall forthwith cause the same to be sufficiently fenced off during such Time as the said Pit or Hole shall be continued open; and hall within fourteen Days after digging for such Materials in such Pitam) within 14. or Hole, cause the same to be filled up. Hoped down or fenced off, and so continued; and in case such °pvs after to Person or Persons shall not fill up, Hope down or fence off the same within the said Time, and keep the "7 fenced said Fence from Time to Time in good Repair, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more Justice oroft'.

Justices of the Peace, upon his or their View, or upon the Information of anyone or more Witness or Witnesses, to order the Person or Persons making or causing to be made such Pit or Hole, to fill up, pro and onneglect perly Hope down, or fence off the same; and in Cases where any Fence shall be setup, to order the fame^concmr* to be repaired from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require; and in case such Person or Persons shall in'g thef^me" refuse or neglect to comply with such Order within ten Days after the Receipt thereof, or the same being Jnd onrcfufai left at his or their usual Place or Places of Abode, and due Proof being made upon Oath, before any one to comp.'y there or more justice or Juf. ices of the Peace, of the Offence committed, of the Service of such Order, and of with the Party the Refusal or Neglect to comply therewith, which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby im to 'orfe!t noc powered to administer, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, " 00rrjep|>at^ I nor less than forty Shillings, to be laid out and applied in the filling up, Hoping down or fencing off such 4qs hole or Pit, and towards the Repair of the Roads in the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be com to be applied ia milted, and in such Manner as the said Justice or Justices shall direct and appoint; which Forfeiture, in up the case the same be noc forthwith paid, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and chat ad tels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices of the Peace, ren r'jd'sr.° 1 dering the Overplus (if any be) to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and to be levied and sold, the Charges of such Distress and Sale bcirlg first deducted. by Distress and

Sale.

Concerning Highways see farther chap. 30 $ and ttkeu tfe 28 Geo. 2. c. 17. 30 Geo. 2. C zs, 31 Geo. 2. c. 3l.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to explain, amend and continue the Provisions made by two Acts of Parliament of the nineteenth and twenty first Years of his Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and to make Provision for the more speedy ascertaining the lawful Debts or Claims upon the Lands and Hereditaments that some Time belonged to Alexander Robertson of Strowan, which, with other forfeited Estates, are by an Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign annexed to the Crown unalienable.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George tyre 1 Geo. 1. c. 54, First, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for the more effectualsecuring the Peace in the Highlands o/Scotland, it was enacted, That the Inhabitants within the Bounds and Shires therein mentioned fboukl be disarmed from and after the first Day of November which was in the Year of our fiord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen: And whereas by ail Act made in the nineteenth Year of his present 19 Geo. 2. c. 3?. majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and for more effectually securhig the Peace of the said Highlands \ and for refraining the use of the Highland D refs; aid

the masters and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, Tutors and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs or Sticaffors, and to register the same, further Provisions were made for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, or the Inhabitants of the said Bounds and Shires, which Provisions were to continue in force for seven Years from and after the first Day of

514 C 29.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

A.D.

r75

August one thousand seven hundred and forty six, and from thence to the End of the next Session of 21 Geo. 2. c. 34, ' Parliament, and no longer: And whereas by an Act made in the twenty first Year of his present Majesty's r.eign, (entitled. An Act to amend and enforce so much of an Aci made in the nineteenth Year of his mayfly's Reign as relates to the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and refraining the ijje of the Highland Dress; to Majiers and Teachers of private Schools and Chaplains; and to explain a Clan ft vz another Act made in the same Tear relating to Letters of Orders of Episcopal Minifers in Scotland; and to

given to Landlords and Tenants in Scotland, who should continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his said late Ma jifty 5 crjd for other Purposes therein mentioned; further Provisions were made to amend and enforce so much of the Act made in the nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more effectual di farm in 2: the Highlands in Scotland, or the said Bounds and Shires: And whereas it may be necessary or

So much of the recited Acts as relates to the more efoctual di farming the Highlands in Scotland, further continued for 7 Years.

this present Parliament affem oled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts of the nineteenth and twenty first of his Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, shall he further continued and remain in full Force for the Term of seven Years, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And whereas a Doubt hath been entertained with respect to certain Bounds within the Shire of Stirling, that were intended to be disarmed by all or any of the said recited Adds Be it therefore enacted

disarming till Highlands.

25 Geo. 2. c. 41

the Parish of Buchanan, to the Kirk or Bridge of Aberfcyl upon the River of Forth, shall be subject to all and every the Provisions made by the said recited Acts of the first of his late Majesty, and of the nineteenth and twenty first of his present Majesty, and by this present Act, in the same Manner as if the Boundary herein described had been mentioned or inserted in the said several former Acts relating to the disarming the Highlands in Scotland.

III. And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (entitled,

Profts thereof for the better civilising and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Difor for the future) it is among other Things enacted, That the Barony of Strowan, and other the Lands, C Tenements and Hereditaments which formerly belonged to Alexander Robertson of Strowan, and became forfeited to the Crown by Decree or Sentence of Forfeiture passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety, be and the same are thereby annexed to the Imperial Crown of this Realm, and declared to be and remain for ever unalienable from the same, and that the lawful Debts thereon shall be paid in the same Manner as is provided concerning the Lands and Premises in the 20 Geo. 2. c. 41, C said Add mentioned: And whereas by an Add made in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, C intituled, An Act for vefing in his Majesty the Efates of certain Traitors, anclfor more cffesiually difeverwg the same, and applying the Produce thereof to the Use of his Majesty, and for ascertaining and satisfying the lawful Debts and Claims thereupon; sundry Provisions are made for the more effectual and speedy ascertain L ing the lawful Debts and Claims upon the forfeited Estates which are thereby veiled in his Majesty, of which the said Barony of Strowan and other Lands and Hereditaments which formerly belonged to alexander Robertson of Strowan are no Part: And whereas it is necessary or expedient to make fonie further Provision for the more speedy and effectual ascertaining the lawful Lebts and Claims upon the fined Barony 0^ Strowan and other Hereditaments which formerly belonged to Alexander Robertson of Strowan: 'Be it

Chims upon the therefore en added by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Per soil or Pen'ons whatsoever. Bodies Birony or other Politic and Corporate, having any lawful Claim to, upon or out of the said Barony or other Estates of "to be'e^tr; Stmvan before mentioned, shall on or before the first Day of December next to come, enter and present In the Court of before the Court of Session in Scotland his, her or their Claims or Demands; or in default thereof, every Session on or te such Debt, Claim or Demand, shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and pur fore 1 December poses whatsoever: And all such Claims and Demands shall be made and entered, tried and determined in f^vhe^m o^an according to the Rules and Provisions made in the said Add of the twentieth Year of his i s"voijcrc° Majesty's Reign, concerning the Debts and Claims upon the Estates thereby veiled in his Majesty, as if the said Directions, Rules and Provisions, had been herein at length repeated; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

C 30.

5*5

CAP. XXX.

An Act for die Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads Far firmer i.aw of this Kingdom; and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto. "2

ti/hepveas by the great Number of Wagons and other Wheel Carriages passing, travelling and \ £/. C 13. iq used in an! upon the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and the excessive rt. r. 5. 13

Weights and Burdens loaded and carried in and upon the same, and the small Breadth and narrow Ditnen l*cf z C

fions of the Fellies of the Wheels of such Wagons and other Carriages respectively, great Part of the n"

said Highways and Roads are become ruinous, and almost impassable, and unless a speedy Remedy be had 7 n 3. C

in the Premilies, all the Provisions made by Law for amending the Highways and Roads, and for mains £f9^.3.r.16. ' taining and keeping the same in Repair, will in great measure be rendered ineffectual, and the Trade and 2. C 9.

Commerce of this Kingdom be thereby greatly prejudiced and oblfrufted Wherefore for remedying and b foi c. 2°' preventing the said Mischiefs and Inconveniences for the future; Be it enacted by the King's moult Excel 2i g. o'/ras. lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, 24 Gw. 2. C 41. in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty 26 Ge 2. C 28. ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, it shall not be lawful for any Wagon, T, C Fellies of Wain, Cart or Wheel Carriage whatsoever, (other than and except as herein after mentioned,) to travel, the Wheels of pass or be drawn upon any Turnpike Road, unless the Fellies of the Wheels of every such Wagon, Wain, Wagons tra cart or Wheel Carriage respectively, be of the Breadth or Gauge of nine Inches from Side to Side, at the

least; And every Owner or Owners of such Wagon, Wain, Cart or Wheel Carriage driven, drawn or janchearoad conveyed in or upon any Turnpike Road, contrary to the Directions, Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, under t entity of shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in such 5l. ortoffeiture Manner as herein after mentioned; or otherwise shall forfeit and lose any one of the Horses or Beasts of" |°" the Draught drawing such Wagon, Cart or Wheel Carriage, not being the Shaft or thill horse, together with Hores' call Geers, Bridles, Halters and Accoutrements to such Horse or Bcaft of Draught respectively belonging, to the sole Use and Benefit of the Person orperlons who shall seize or distrain the same.

II. And it 'is hereby enacted and declared, That the Person or Persons making such Seizure ordistress as the Distress to aforesaid, shall deliver the Horse, Beast and Things so seized and distrained, into the Custody of the Con dpil't?, 10 liable, or some other Parish Officer, of any Town, Parish or Place, in or near the Place where such Seizurethe Confilb, c' or Distress shall be made; and every such Constable or Parish Officer respectively is and are hereby required who is to take to take and receive the same into his and their Custody, and safely keep the same, till the Person or Persons cllarse thereof making such Seizure or Distress shall make Proof, upon Oath, before some Justice or Justices of the Peace, aje waitof of the Offence committed; and the said Justice or Justices before whom such Proof shall be made, isandfeije.

are hereby required to issue his or their Precept to such Constable or Parish Officer immediately, to deliver and the Justice to the Horse, Beast and other Things so forfeited, to the Party or Parties who seized or distrained the same, to issue his Precept and for his and their own Use and Benefit, paying such reasonable Charges for keeping and securing the for thedellvf: ry same as such Justice or Justices hail allow or direct; but in case no such Proof shall be made within three Proof, be not Days next after such Seizure or Distress, that then such Horse, Beast or other Thing seized or distrained, '3

shall be returned back to the Owner or Owners thereof, such Owner or Owners paying reasonable Charges to be returned! S for keeping and securing the same.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Carriages ex any Chaise Marine, or to any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chaise or Calash; shall anything extend, or beenjpted* construed to extend, to any Wagon drawn by less than five Plorfes or Beasts of Draught; or to any Wain,

Cart or other two Wheel Carriages, drawn by less than four Horses or Beasts of Draught; or to any Wagon, Wain, Cart or other Wheel Carriage, drawn by Oxen or near Cattle only.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That from and immediately after the carriages laden

passing this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Carriage loaden with or carrying one Tree or 1

Piece of Timber, or one Stone or Block of Marble only, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the

Breadth or Gauge of nine Inches or upwards, to travel, pass or be driven in or upon any Turnpike Road inches broad, with any Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught; and also for any Wagon, or other four Wheel car may be drawn riage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of such Breadth or Gauge as aforesaid, to travel, pass or be v'llh fany jum driven upon any Turnpike Road as aforesaid, with any Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught not exceed aafoiir ing eight; and for any Cart, or other two Wheel Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of y/hed Carriages such Breadth or Gauge as aforesaid, with any Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught not exceeding five, withar.ynumfcer without being subject and liable to be weighed at any Crane, Machine or Engine, or to the additional Toll no! exceeding Sj of twenty Shillings, granted and made payable for every Wagon or other Carriage drawn by six Horses, and by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act forffffff

the more effectual Preservation of the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for the without "being Difpfition of Penalties given by Acts of Parliament, relating to the Highways in that Part of Great Britain called^'f to te England; and for enforcing the Recovery thereof; and for the more effectual preventing Mischiefs occasioned Ay weighetl, the Drivers riding upon Carts, Drays, Cars and waggons, in the City of London, and within ten Miles thereof; 24geo. 2, C 43. notwithstanding anything contained in the said last mentioned Act, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further declared and enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for or without being any Wagon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of such Breadth or, ub'e

Gauge as aforesaid, to travel, pass or be driven upon any Turnpike Road, without being subject or liable to^fy "', forfeit and lose any one of the Horses drawing the same, together with thegeers, Bridles and Halters there Qcof. I 6.

516 c. 30.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

with used; any Thing contained in an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for preventing the Carriage of excessive Loads of Meal, Malt, Bricks and Coals, within ten Miles of the Cities of London and Westminster, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Wagons, See.

VI. And to encourage all Persons to use broad Wheels, in order to preserve all the Highways of this Whceis ma be Kingdom in good Repair; Be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, drawn wkh^ariy^and may be lawful for any Wagon or other four Wheel Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels Number of thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of nine Inches, or upwards, to travel, pass or be driven on any Highway Hoifcs not ex within Great Britain, with any Number of horsea/or Bealls of Draught not exceeding eight; and for any reeding 8; ^Cart or other two Wheel Carriage, having the like Wheels, with any Number of Horses or Bealls of t*i'th any Num Draught not exceeding five, without being subject to any Penalties or Forfeitures for causing the same to ber not exceed travel, pass or be driven by a greater Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught than are now allowed by Law; ing 5. anything contained in any Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas in and by several Acts of Parliament made and passed for amending and repairing particular Highways and Roads within this Kingdom, several high and extraordinary Tolls and Duties are granted and directed to be levied and paid for Wagons and other Wheel Carriages drawn by more than a certain Number of Horses or Bealls of Draught therein respectively mentioned, with an Intent in effect to prohibit the passage of such Carriages, and thereby the better to preserve the said roadsnow it is here truitces for the by further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees appointed or to be appointed in Reads to lessen or by virtue of any Act of Parliament nowin force, or now depending in Parliament reflectively, for re, ht!ster pa nns an amending such particular Highways or Roads as aforesaid, or any nine or more of such Trustees H C with respectively within their respective Districts; and they are hereby authorised and required to mitigate, lessen broad Wheels and reduce the said high and extraordinary Tolls and Duties for or in respect of such Wagons or other drawn by more Wheel Carriages only, having Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge herein before prescribed, in such manner as than a certain n0 greater Toll or Duty be demanded or taken for the same than is provided and directed by the said Acts respectively to be paid and taken for Wagons and other four Wheel Carriages drawn by five or four Horses or Beasts of Draught; and the said Trustees within their several Districts, or any nine or more of them respectively, are hereby authorised and required to give Directions in Writing to the several Collectors within such their respective Districts, to take and receive such Tolls or Duties, and no other; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And for the facilitating and more speedy accomplishing and effecting the good Ends and Purposes intended by this present Act, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several

Trustees for the Trustees appointed by any Act or Acts of Parliament for the surveying, ordering, amending and keeping in Roads to meet, Repair the several Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, or any five or more of them reflectively, shall and and to order the mayi and they are hereby authorised and required to meet from Time to Time, as there shall he Occasion, Surveyors to at some convenient Place within their respective Districts, sometime on or before the twenty-ninth Day cause all the of iseptember one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and to cause Notice of such Meetings respectively ruts>&e. 1 ° fc, e to be affixed in Writing on the several toll gates within their said several Districts at least ten Days before prads^toli; 1 e Meeting: And the said Trustees respectively, or any five or more of them at such their Meetings, are widened where hereby authorised and required, by Writing under their Hands, to order and direct the Surveyor or sur jifcellary, on or veyors of the said Turnpike Roads respectively to cause all the Rutts and Wheel Tracks in the Roads before 29 Sept, to be beat down, thrown in and levelled; and the said Roads to be widened where it shall be necefihry, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four.

IX. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Charges and Expenses of such Work so to be ordered and directed, shall be paid and defrayed out of the Tolls and Duties arising or to be raised by virtue or upon the Credit of the said several Acts made for repairing the said Roads respectively.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Surveyors of the Highways of the several Parishes, Town

Number of Kotfes;

75+'

Charges to be paid out of the Tolls.

Surveyors to cause the Rutts, hips and Places, wherein any Highway or Road intervening between and communicating with two dish ov - n b etwee a ferent Turnpike Roads doth respectively lie, do and shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to different Turn cal>fe all the Rutts and Wheel Tracks in such intervening Roads respectively, to be beat down, thrown in, pike Roads. and levelled as aforesaid, on or before the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred Persons refusing and fifty-four: And in case any Person or Persons liable to and chargeable with the repairing the high 10do their Su ways within any of the said Parishes, Townships or Places respectively, shall neglect or refute to do and rote work there perform his and their statute work in and upon the same, at such Times and in such Manner as the said pro^oition ofclr ': 'lu"veyor or Surveyors respectively shall direct or appoint, or shall refuse to pay and contribute his or their the charge. Proportion of the Charges and Expenses of the same; then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Liberty or Place, where such inter justices to im veiling Roads do lie, upon Complaint to them made upon Oath of such Neglect or refusal, by Warrant power the Sur un[]er their Hands and Seals to authorise and impower the Surveyor ot Surveyors of the Highways to raise the°i'ume. ' r'nd levy such propor.ions of the Charges and Expenses of the said Works of and from the Person and Persons so refusing, and to enforce the Payment thereof by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the Rates and Assessments for repairing the Highways in this Kingdom are by Law to be raised, levied and enforced.

XI. And, for the better discovering and detecting the Offenders against this Act, it is hereby further

The Trustees m: y order the Fellies of the

Wheels of Wag^w

sons, C to be Kingdom, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Writing under measured at anj their Hands, to order the Fellies of the Wheels of all Wagons, Wains, Cans or other Carriages, which Turnpike; are 0j. 0llg; lt to of the Breadth or Gauge herein before directed and prescribed, to be measured and gauged

at

enacted, That it hull and may he lawful to and for alt Trustees appointed or to be appointed by any Act C r e_acts of Parliament made or to be made for the repairing or amending any Highway or Highways within this

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 30. 517

at any Turnpike or toll gate erected or to be erected upon any Part of the Highway or Road in or upon which such Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage respectively shall travel, pass or be drawn.

XII. Provided always, That in case it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor or Surveyors, !nd gate keeper or gate keepers of any Turnpike Road, that the Fellies of the Wheels of any Wagon or[ "'ye been ori wheel Carriage, travelling or passing upon any such Turnpike Road were originally and when firlfc made^'aiiy9inches of the Breadth of nine Inches, and by long Usage and Wearing shall have been reduced to, and become ofbroed,

less Breadth or Gauge; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for such Wagon or Wheel Carriage to travel, pass or be drawn upon, any such Turnpike Road, so as the Fellies of all the Wh else thereof, respectively, be of the full Breadth of eight Inches at leal!; and the Owner or Owners of such dnij V ue r Wagon or Wheel Carriage shall not in such case be subject or liable to the Penalties herein before inflicted "are and directed to be levied for driving or causing to be drawn, Wagons and Carriages, the Fellies of theexcmpted from Wheels whereof are under the Breadth or Gauge of nine Inches as aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the Penalty, the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if any Person or Persons Brail hinder, or at penalty of oh. tempt to prevent or obstruct the measuring or gauging the Fellies of such Wheels, or the seizing or distraining of any Horse or Beast of Draught hereby directed to be forfeited, for the Offences herein before men p'v; or motioned, or shall use any Violence to any Person or Persons employed or concerned in such measuring, ga king Distress. ging, seizing or distraining, as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall, whctejvaggons, after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, drive, or ad as the Driver or Drivers of any Wagon, 0, ctr\7, C Wain, Cart or Carriage, not having Wheels thereto, according to the Direction and true Intent and mean r0!l(is with ing of this Add, or drawn with more than the Number of Horses hereby respectively appointed (except as Wheels not of herein before is excepted) upon any Turnpike Road, that then and in every such Case, it shall and may Breadth re be lawful to and for the Constable, Tythingman, or Surveyor of the Highways, or any other inhabitantmo^horse' tb of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed, and to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors ofdr; vertobe c>r the said Turnpike Road, and to and for any Person or Persons to be appointed by the Trustees, or anyried before a ju five or more of them, to apprehend and take, or cause to be apprehended and taken, such Person or Persons fti«,

so driving or acting as Driver or Drivers as aforesaid, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding or Division, where the said Offence shall be committed, and upon Conviction

thereof, either by the Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses,

before such Justice or Justices of the Peace (which Oath the said Justice or Justices are hereby im

powered and required to administer) every such Person or Persons so offending shall respectively forfeit and

pay for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds, to be laid out, applied and recovered, in such manner and to forfeit jl.

as other Penalties hereby imposed are hereby directed and appointed to be recovered and applied; and in

case the Person or Persons so offending and convicted, shall have no Goods and Chattels, whereon im and for want of

mediate Distress may be had and made for the same, then it shall and may he lawful to and for such^hted

Justice or Justices of the Peace, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, t0cornmi e

commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of one

Month, or until he or they shall have paid the find Sum of five Pounds.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Owner or Owners off^nj^onown nny Wagon, Wain or Cart, travelling for Hire, shall, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day

September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, drive, or cause to be driven, drawn or conveyed, noct their such Wagon, Wain or Cart, in or upon any Turnpike Road, not having his and their Christian and nimss on the Surnames, and Place of Abode, written or painted in large legible Letters upon the Tilt or other con tilt, fpicuous Place of such Wagon, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, be subject and liable to such and the same Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Owners of Wagons or Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof under the Breadth or Gauge aforementioned, are made subject and liable by this Act; and if any Person or Persons file 11 so write or paint, or cause to be written or painted, or ufingafilfe any false or fiditious Name on such Wagon, Wain cr Cart, as aforesaid, every Owner of such vag njmc gone, Wain or Cart, publicldv used on any Turnpike Road, as aforesaid, with such false or fictitious Name, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted and directed to be Penalties may forfeited and paid by this Act, and not hereby otherwise provided for, shall and may be recovered by any Person or Persons who shall sue, inform and prosecute for the same, either by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint tieble Costs or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, with treble Costs of Suit; in which no Frotedion, Wager of Law or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; or by a summaryor in a summary Way or Proceeding before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding or Place where bcfote t such Offence shall be committed, at the Option of the Person or Persons who shall prosecute for the same; ices' and for which Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices to hear and determine any of the Method to be Offences again! this Act; and they are hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited, 77rved the or Complaint made in that Behalf within ten Days after such Offence committed, to summon the Party orpi7[7rn°decf'- Parties accused, and also the Witnesses on cither Side; and in case the Party accused shall not appear upon [he said Offencfj. such Summons, then, upon Oath made of the committing any of the Fads abovementioned by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses? to issue a Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Party offending, within the Jurisdiction of such Justicps; and upon the Appearance, or Contempt of the Party accused in not appearing (upon the Proof of Notice given) to proceed to the Examination of the Witness yr Witnesses

is C

; o.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

r.eites on orth, and which such Tultices are hereby authorised, impowered and required to administer, to give Judgement or sen.er.ce accordingly; ard where the Party accrued fisaji be convicted of such Orience, either by the View of such Indices, or any of them, or upon such Information as aforesaid, or on con ibfecn of the Parry accused. to award and issue Warrants for the levying any pecuniar) Penalties so adjudged. together with the Coils of such Prosecution. on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause cale to be made thereof, in case they shall! no: be redeemed within five Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus fit any there bej ard where Goods of such O lenders cannot be found, to commit such o."render to Prison, there to remain for the Space of three Months, or until such pecuniary Penalty or Penalties shall be paid;

F- -- any Person or Persons shall rind hinfelt or themselves aggrieved, or remain unsatisfied in he Jaig' C'er'rc' ihd Justices, it shall and may beja.vfbl to and for then Person and Persons to appeal to the

nvrcsc: Arrji'0 pertbr*> to b

iccu1

; LI (W

t; cs to bi Chttrrc^- — cicll. ititc.

Jerfor*5 so complaining do give Norice in wri*i: ig of such his, her or rheir Tr.: en: ion: o bring and pro re any such Appeal, unto the Person and Persons complained of a: leal: fourteen Days before the demons, and shall within f.ve Days after such Notice given enter into a Recognisance wish two Sureties, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of ard far such County. Riding, r Place where such Appeal hall lie, so try Such Appeal at the quartm demons of the Peace to be

fir.'. a criirei

r pj.t Ccits

rc: C s'artcmi C

Liberty cr

held for such County, Riding, Liberty or Place next and immediately after Such Notice given: and the said Justices, upon hearing the Matter of the said Complaint, or upon cue Proof made to them of such Nodes given by the Farcy or Parties complaining f although he or they shall not prosecute the said Appeal shall and may, at their Discretions. mitigate the Penalties or Forfeitures incurred by the Party complaining, or vacate cr set af.de the Conviction or Convictions, or set the Part) or Parties at Liberty, or otherwise mav ratify and confirm the same, with such Coirs, as to them shall seem reafenacle: ardalio by their Order or Warrant to cause such Coils to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the fer.bn so giving Such Nodes of Appeal as aforesaid; and for want of iufscienr Distress to commit the Parry or Parties to the Common Gael of the County, Riding. Liberty cr Place wherein such Appeal shall be heard and determined, for any Time not exceeding two Months, or until Payment of rath Costs shall be made; and if the Person ordered to pay such Celts shall happen to live in any County, Riding, Liberty or Place without the Jurilcsction of the said Court, i: shall! ard may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding. City. Liberty or Place wherein such Person hall inhabit, ard every Such Justice is hereby«Cgcru J -- authorised and required, upon. Request to him for that Purpose made, and upon a true Copy of the Orii: g - for Payment of such Costs produced and proved by lame credible Witness upon Oath, by warrant under sttsth>c Hand ard Seal, to cause die Money mentioned in that Order to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person ordered to pay the same; and if ro futecier.t Dhtress can or may be had, to commit such Person, to the Common Gaol of that County, Riding, City or Liberty for any Time not exceeding two Months, or until Payment or such Costs as aforesaid.

xvii. ard it is hereby farther ers_ctei and declared, That all the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures recovered ard levied by virtue and in pursuance of this Act shall be paid, applied and disposed of in manner following: that is to tar, ore Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall! inform ard Sue for the farts fence shall!

Writ

the rerrdrir.t: the said Road.

XVIII. And whereas many wise Provisions have been made by Several Acts of Parliament for punishing Odestcos committed upon it Turnpike Roads in this Kingdom, but the same have been lb much

dif.kl5 iid Sole,

Ar?

agoirit cse L iid Laws ia011a1 nor go unpunntiexi, Authority aforesaid, That all the Laws made, or hereafter to be made by any Act or Acts of

1- rir. stem Time to Time, to make proper Rules and Orders for the more effectual pursing "the said Lav s t XI»Execution. and to appoint such Person cr feri rits as they shall think it: effectually to C try cr. Pro Vendors £ - =5 -.- C — — Oriences committed against this Act. or any of the said Laws, within their respective Limits and d. rr. jlricts; and to give ftri.it Charge and Commands to their Surveyor or Surveyors to be^diligent in visiting

'free.ser.tiv the aid Reeds, and in taking due Care to see and

c'

been commiss And ah th

and inquire if ar.y oiter.ce or Ortences are or hae ard by whom the same hath or have be ..n committed: Reads respectively are hereby required, as cr sen as ary

aitted upen the faii Reads respectively, a e Omeets belonging to the said i umpike oritr.ee ot Oneness against any of the Said Laws shall come to his or theic Knowledge to have been com niitsed open the said Turnpike Roads within their refractive Dittrichs, to give immediate Notice thrrao*': o same one of rise Trustees of the said Reads, who shall forthwith procure a Meeting of the Trances belonging

to she Lid Roads, cr any rive or more of them, who hail give it ing'furit oririr.cts.

ediate Directions for prct ecu: -

XIX

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 31. 519

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be openly and publicly read officer found nc in the Presence of the said Officers as often as there shall be a Meeting of the said Trustees, or any five ork||bentjn hl" more of them: And if any such Officer shall be found to have been negligent in his Duty required by this^', ' '

Act, or to have omitted giving Notice as aforesaid, every such Officer shall be forthwith removed from hi.,

Office by the said Trustees respectively, or any five or more of them, and is hereby for ever after rendered incapable of holding any Office whatsoever under the said Trust.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall keep any viciualling v'p'j'; 'rs. 1, ' house, Alehouse or other House of public Entertainment, or who shall sell any Wine, Cyder, Bscr,; n?\n'°v)'j°bj' Ale, Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of taking, holding or enjoying' any Trust unceruie Place or Places of i rust or Profit under the Trustees of any Act of Parliament made or to be made for Toil?; erecting Turnpikes respectively, or of farming the tolls thereby granted and made payable, during such°| °C' mins Time as he shall keep such victualling house, Alehouse or other House of public Entertainment, or shallt e

sell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail.

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Action or Prosecution shall be When th? tm commenced and prosecuted in pursuance of this Act, under the Authority and by the Direction of the said to Trustees, or any five of them, in every such Case the Trustees of such Turnpikes respectively, or anybe pam oof five or more of them shall, out of the Profits arising by the Tolls of such Turnpike Road, allow and pay the Tolls.

to the Prosecutor so much as the Costs allowed by Law shall fall short of reimbursing him his just and reasonable Expenses.

XXII. Provided, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to oblige the said Trustees to commencetyiftecs not

or prosecute, or cause to be commenced or prosecuted any Action or Proceeding for any such Offences, ^-'^'° ofc

unless upon the Confession of the Offender, or that one or more Witness or witnesses can be had and produced,

to prove the Commission of such Off ence. Offender, crone

or more Witnefesproduerd.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done or acted in pursuance of this Act, then and

in every such Case such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within six Calendar Months next^t" °' after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and the same and every such Action or Suit shall be b ought ion" in the County, Riding or Place where the Person against whom such Action or Suit shall be commenced doth ordinarily inhabit and reside, and net elsewherej and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, Central Ifoe. at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this present Act; and if the same hall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein before limited for bringing the same, or be brought or laid in any other County or Place than as aforementioned, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or iftrc, jic p j, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action, after the Defendant ori, 3 Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff orgoo. 2. C 17. Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for Recovery thereof, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law. /irj /« fanber

30 Geo. 2. c. 2s. 31 Geo. 2. c. 34.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for regulating the Manner of licensing Alehouses in that Part of Great Britain called

England; and for the more easy convicting Persons selling Ale and other Liquors withoutnrfinmrpn

LD pens r 'fer to

icence. /ed. 6; f. 2j.

I Jac. 1. C 9. 4. Jac. 1. (, S 7 Ja. c. 10. 21 Jac. 1. C 7. 1 Car. 1. C 4. 3 Car. 1. C 3.

WHEREAS the Laws concerning Alehouses, Inns and victualling houses, and the licensing thereof, are defective and insufficient for correcting and suppressing the Abuses and Disorders fre questly done and committed therein, and also for the Convictior. and due Punishment of Persons taking upon themselves to sell Ale, Beer or other Liquors by Retail without Licence; 'Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, _ and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon grant juj, cesfjj<: ens ing Licences by Justices of the Peace to any Person to keep an Alehouse, Inn, victualling house, or tske rccoe sell Ale, Beer and other Liquors by Retail, every such Person shall enter into a Recognisance to the king'sn,; z', ncei, the Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of ten Pounds, with two sufficient Sureties, each in the sumsom of 101, for of five Pounds, or one sufficient Surety in the Sum of ten Pounds, under the usual Condition, for Mainte: tl" Mvmraance nance of good Order and Rule within the same; and in case the Person applying for such Licence shall °J' ecoi be hindeied through Sickness or Infirmity, or any other reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the said Justices of the Peace, to attend in Person at the Meetings of the same Justices for granting the said Licences, then that it shall and may be lawful for them to grant such Licence, upon two sufficient Sureties entering into such Recognisance, each in the Penalty of ten Pounds, for Performance of the Condition of the said Recognisance; which said Recognisance, with the Condition thereof, fairly written or printed, Ihalland to send the forthwith, or at the next General or Quarter session of the Peace at farthest, after granting such Licences, Recognizances be sent or returned to the Clerks of the Peace, or Persons acting as such, for every County, Riding, " ^; _cj.t -- K cf City, Liberty or Town Corporate in that Part of gr.at Britain called England wherein such Licencesc, n'pen., ]ry of shall be granted, under the Hands of the Justices of the Peace before whom such pvecognizances were taken, 3l. 6 s. S o.

2 with

520 C

31. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

to be by the said Clerks of the Peace, or such other Person ahing as such, duly entered or filed amongst the Records of the Sessions of the Peace; and that for every such Licence granted without taking such Recognisance, and for every such Recognisance taken, and not sent or returned as aforesaid, every Justice of the Peace signing such Licence shall forfeit the Sum of three Pounds six Shillings and eight Pence.

II. And for the better preventing Disorders in Alehouses, be it further enacted, '1 hat no Licence to keep the same shall be granted to any Person not licensed the Year preceding, unless such Person produce at the General Meeting of the Justices in September a Certificate under the Hands of the Parson, Vicar or Curate, and the major Part of the Churchwardens and Overseers, or else of three or four reputable and substantial Householders and Inhabitants of the Parish or Place where such Alehouse is to be, setting forth that such Person is of good Fame and of sober Life and Conversation; and it shall be mentioned in such Licence, that such Certificate was produced, otherwise such Licence shall be null and void.

III. Provided nevertheless, That if any licensed Person shall die or remove from an Alehouse, it shall be lawful for the Person succeeding to such House to keep on the said Alehouse during the Residue of the Term of such Licence, on condition that within thirty Days after such Death or Removal such Person obtain such Certificate as aforesaid, to be signed by some neighbouring Justice, in order to its being produced at the next General Meeting in September; and if such Certificate be not so obtained and signed within the said thirty Days, then immediately from and after the Expiration thereof, such licence shall be null and void; and no Licence shall entitle any Person to keep an Alehouse in any other Place than that in which it was first kept by virtue of such Licence, and such Licence, with regard to all other Places, shall be null and void.

z Geo. i. C 28. ' IV Whereas by an Act: made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to

revive the Laws therein mentioned, amongst other Things it was enacted, That no Licence shall he granted to any Person to keep a common Inn or Alehouse, or to retail any Brandy or strong Waters,

but at a general Meeting of the Justices of the Peace adding in the Division where the said Person dwells, ' to be held on the first Day of September yearly, or within twenty Days after; or at any other General Meeting of the Laid Justices to be held for the Division wherein the said Person resides; Regulation, by reason of the last mentioned Provision, has been found by Experience not to have the effeh intended by the said Regulation Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the last before mentioned Provision shall be and is hereby repealed; and that from henceforth no Licence for the Purposes aforesaid shall be granted, but on the first Day of September yearly, or within twenty Days after; and that granted on i Sep. such Licence Ihairbe made for one Year only, to commence on the twenty-ninth Day of the said scputn orzodz\s after, her; and that the Day and Place for granting such Licences shall be appointed by two or more of the Juf. — gices ahing for the Division, by a Warrant under their Hands and Seals, at least ten Days before such

Meeting, i irehed to the High Constable or High Constables of the said Division, requiring him or them to order his or their respective Petty Constables or other Peace Officers, to give Notice to the several Innkeepers and alehouse keepers within their respective Constablewicks, of the Day and Place of such Meeting; and all Licences hereafter granted at any other Time or Place shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the Peace shall keep a Register or Calendar of all the Recognizances so sent or returned, and shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Justices of the Peace at their gencrakmcetings in September every Year, for granting Licences in each Division or Place, a true Copy of such Register or Calendar and that for every Recognisance there shall be paid by the Clerk

Licences to be gianred Co none not licensed the Year preceding, unless such as hall produce Certificates of their good Fame.

Licensed Person dying or removing:, the sue teflo'1, upon obtaining such Certificate, may keep on the He use for the Residue of the Term of the Licence, C

Last Provision in the said Clause repealed. Licences to be

and the same to be made but for i Year

Notice to be given of the Time and Place for granting the m.

Clerks of the Peace to deliver Copies of the Recognizances

yearly. Justices by the Persons licensed, over and above the Fees payable to the said Justices Clerks.

Recovery of the

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Forfeitures for granting Licences, fotfeuines for without taking Recognizances, shall and may be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint pvantio; Uceii or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for the Use of the Person or Icing a Recog" Persons who shall sue or prosecute for the same, together with Costs of Suit; wherein no eltoin, Wager ot niz tnce. Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

where a justice

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Justice of the Pence of any County, shall adjudge the Ridiitjg, City, Liberty or Town Corporate, wherein such Licence shall he granted, upon Complaint or be fofroit diie° Information that such licensed Person hath done or committed any AH, Offence or mifjemcannr, whereby is osummon the in the Judgement Of the same Justice such Recognisance may be forfeited, or the Condition thereof broken,

Fatty to the Quai tcr sel lions, See,

Seal require such Person so complained of, or informed ag.tinct, Session of the Peace for the said Count)', Riding, City, Liberty

to

or

ami the Jury finding him gu uy, the Re

may by Summons under his Hand and S appear at the next General or Quarter Town Corporate, then and there to answer to the Matter of such Complaint or Information; and also may hind the Person or Persons who shall make such Complaint or Information, or any other Person or Persons, in a Recognisance to appear at such General or Quarter session, and give Evidence against such Pci fun so complained of or informed against; and the Justices of the Peace in their General or Quarter sessions flail have Power to direh the Jury which shall attend at such Sessions for the Trial of Traverses, or some other Jury of twelve honed: and substantial Men, to be then and there impanelled by the Sheriff, with ait See or Reward, to inquire of the Misdemeanor charged in the said Complaint or Information; and if such jury shall find that the Person so complained of, or informed against, hath done any AH whereby the Condition of his recognizance is broken, such AH being specified in such Complaint or Information, it shall and may he lawful for the Court at such General or Quarter sessions to adjudge such Person guilty of the Breach of such Recognisance; which verdih and Adjudication shall he final to all Intents and Purposes; and

thereupon

4

A.D. 1

753'

Anno vicesimo (qjrte 'Gborqm II

J

1

there ipqn the said Justices shall order the Recognisance entered into by such Offender to be estreated intoc°gn, anc t his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, to be icvjed.to his Majesty's Use: that the said Person, the Condition*'0 of whose Recognisance shall be so adjudged to be broken and foifei ed, shall, from and after such Adjudication, be utterly disabled to sell any Ale, Beer, Cyder, P rry. Spirituous. Liquors or Strong Waters, fbrand hc is<iir»bled the Spade of three Years; and any Licence or Licences granted or to be granted to such Person during such ron'/i: l1 V ' Term, shall be void, and of none Efiredt. ftc. for 3 ear.

provi led, That the said Justices may at the Request of the Prof cutor or Party so"complained of, mayad or informed against, or either of his or her Sureties, if they shall see just, adjourn the Hearing and Trial ofjj<j Vs, the said Complaint or Information to the then next Gene: nl or Quarter sessions of the Peace, where the n z T lame shall be finally determined.

IX. And whereas many Persons presume to sell Ale, Beer, Cyder, Perry or other Liquors, without such Licence as is required by Law for selling the same; and it is difficult, by reafofi of many Evasions that are made use of, and by foms Defects in former Laws, to convict such Offenders; 'Be it therefore enacted, That where any Justice of the Peace shall suspect that any alehouse keeper, Victualler hr Re Where a Justice tailer, sells Ale, Beer, Cyder or Perry, without such Licence, it shall and may be lawful for such to call such suspected Person before him, and also any Excise Officer 01 Gauger, to produce before such ptjji Justice his Stock Book, or other Account which such Officer keeps, of the Charge or Survey of such suspected without Licence, Person, in respect of any of the Liquors aforesaid; likewise to examine such Excise Officer or Gauger he may fumoiou upon Oath, touching the manner in which such Officer Purveys or charges such iui pedted Person, in respect jhtfi snli, 1>4 of any of the Liquors aforesaid, or how or in what manner such suspected Person actually pays the duties'^'j^r 0 iu' for any of the said Liquors; and if it shall appear by such Stock Bock or other Account, or by the exami a, d examine such nation of the said Officer or Gauger, that such Person so suspected of selling any of the Liquors aforesaid, officer upon is surveyed as a Victualler or Retailer, and is charged with the same Duties th. t Victuallers and retailersoath, are usually charged with, and pay for any of the Liquors aforesaid, and is not Entitled to the Allowance or Abatement given to common Brewers, then and in such case such suspected Person shall be deemed an alehouse keeper, Victualler, Retailer or Seller of any of the Liquors aforesaid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been proved by two Witnesses.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall make Information before any one Justice of the justiceufon Ia peace, and show probable Cause that he suspects that any Person sells Ale, Beer or other Liquors withouh0rir'p' "jf tlpt a Licence from two Justices, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice to call such suspected Person r'tfoiiffiltf ffi before him, and also to summon an other Person or Persons as Evidence, to prove the Charge against such petted offdiing iulpedted Person; if such Person so summoned shall refuse to appear, or when appearing shall refuse toale, C with be examined upon Oath, and give Evidence as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of tenoutllceilcei 15 Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by war p rant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering to him or them the Overplus, after Charges of thederce.

laid Distress and Sale deducted, tote paid to the Overseers for the Use of the Poor of the parish or Place Persons ffim where such Person or Persons so offending shall live.'moned not appearing, foueitioi.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall he disabled by Conviction to sell Ale, Beer, Persons disabled Cyder or Perry, such Person shall by the same Convict on be also disabled to sell any Spirituous Liquors or

Strong Waters, any Licence before obtained for that Purpose notwithstanding; every Licence granted (chied to the Person so convicted, to sell Ale, Beer, Cyder, Perry, Spirituous L quors, Strong Waters, or any ofjeiiinsspl; iruooa them, from the Time of such Conviction shall be null and void '; and every Perfofi selling Ale, Beer, Cyder, Liquors, C Perry, Spirituous Liquors, Strong Waters, or any of them, during the Term of such Disability, shall be subject to all or such of the Penalties, as are respectively inflicted by Law for selling Ale, Beer, Cyder,

Perry, Spirituous Liquors, Strong Waters, or any of them, by Retail without a Licence; and in all pro fecutions of such Offenders, a Certificate from the Clerk of the Peace (or Person acting as such] of any such Comidtion, shall be legal Evidence; which Certificate such Clerk of the Peace or Person shall grant on Demand without Fee or Reward.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Person so convicted of the Offence of selling Ale, Beer, or Penalty off iling

other Liquors, without a Licence from two Justices of the Peace, shall for every such first Offence, forfeit alec without the Sum of forty Shillings; and for every such fecon L Offence shall forfeit the Sum of four Pounds; and J

for every such third Offence shall forfeit the Sum of six Pounds; all which said respective Forfeitures shallr"°eylav and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender (rendering to him di^rs'ini stie the Overplus, after Charges of the aid Distress and Sale deducted) by Warrant under the Hand and Sealone Moieiy to of the Justice convicting such Offender; and shall be paid one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the ffie Informer, other Moiety thereof to the Overseers of the Poor, for the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where1t, ^r°.thcl to such Offence was committed; and if no sufficient Distress shall be found, whereon to levy the said respect rrxvanr of di tive Forfeitures, then the said Justice of the Peace shall and may commit every such Offender so respectively nrers) the per convicted as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol, or other Prison, or House of Correction, within his juris son to becom diction, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of one Month, for the first Offence; and for the second rn!t, e -

( nee, for the Space of two Months; and for the third Offence, until such Offender shall be discharged^xt'"ne y?, by Order of the Court of General Quarter sessions., 9-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Conviction of any Offender for selling Ale, Beer, or other Convtaion to be

Liquors without such Licence, or after being disabled to sell, as aforesaid, shall be certified by the Justicecern ied to the of the Peace making the same, to the next General or Quarter session of the Peace, to be filed or entered? "r '

amongst the revorjs of the said Session; that such Conviction shall and may Be drawn up and certified" 5' "r'

in the following Form of Words, as the Case shall happen, or in any other Form of Words to the same Efftdt, mutatis Mutandis, that is to say,

Middle } B. is convicted on his or her own Confession (or, on the: Oath of )^nof c'3n "

sex, ( having sold Ale, Beer, or other Liquors, in the parish of

522

C 32.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

in this County, on the Day of without being licensed thereto according to Law

(or, after being disabled to sell, as the Case may be). Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of

And there shall be added, That the same is the first, fecoml, or third Conviction; which said Conviction, in the same or the like Form of Words, shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed, set aside, or adjudged void or insufficient, for want of any other Form or Words whatsoever.

Oiiender notlia

XIV. Provided always, That such Offender who shall be punished by virtue of this Act, shall not be punished again for the same Offence by any former Act; and that such Offender who shall be punished by virtue of any former Act, shall not be punished again for the same offence, by virtue of this present at, or anything herein contained.

XV. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not in any wise be prejudicial to the Privilege of licensing Taverns and other Public-houses, claimed by the two Universities of that Part of Great Britain called England, or either of them, nor to the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars, or any Officers of the same, or their successors, but that they may use and enjoy such Privilege as they have heretofore lawfully used and enjoyed; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. The Times of

XVI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter lft>tcommont me or Times of granting Licences for keeping of Common Inns or a!e houses, or to oblige Inns not alter Persons not licensed the Year preceding to produce Certificates, in any City or Town Corporate, oil, C

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person shall be deemed

Inhabitant of the a competent Witness, and be admitted to give Evidence upon any Information or Complaint for any of p.triih deemed u fence committed against this Act, notwithstanding such Person be an Inhabitant of or charged or liable n°ftpetent IN to be charged to the Payment of any Rates or assessments for the Relief of the Poor of any Parish or Sec farther 2s Place where such Offence shall be committed.

Geo. 2. C ia. and

Geo. 2. c. 1*. CAP. XXXII

beto double Punishment for the same Offence.

Rights of the Universities to grant Licences reserved.

An act for continuing several Laws, relating to the Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; the Drawback of the Duties upon Copper Bars exported; and to the Duties upon foreign made Sail Cloth -, and also for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported -, and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; and for vacating the Security for the Duty on Salt lost in any River, or in Port, after Slipped; and for enlarging the Time for proving the Loss of Salt, and for Relief of Maiters of Ships with respect to the Importation of Soap and Candles, contrary to an Act made in the twenty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign; and also for the more effectual Payment of the Bounties upon british made Sail Cloth, and to empower the Commissioners of the Treasury to direct the Payment of the Bounty to John Henniker, and others, upon four Ships fitted out for the Whale Fishery, and lost in the Greenland Seas, and also to Philip pic j, and others, upon two Ships employed in the said Fishery, notwithstanding tome of the Forms required by Law in fitting out such Ships, were not complied with.

Clauses in 19 Geo. 2. c. 34. further continued to 24 June75s-

Farther continued hj 32 Geo. 2. c. 13.

Clause in9 & 10 W. 3. C 26.

i >9

12 Ann. flat. 1 C 18. §, 5. further continued to 24 June 1758

13 Geo. I. C 27 15 Geo. 2. c. 35.

C. 17

WHEREAS several Laws herein after mentioned, have by Experience been found useful and bene C W ficial, and are near expiring May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be taaefted; ard Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and cor.sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in defiance of the Laws of Cttjhms or Excise; and for indemnifying Offenders against thofg Laws upon the Perms in this Act mentioned; and for t V Relief of Officers of the Customs tn Informations upon Seizures, which AT was to continue in Force for the Space ot seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, as relates to t he further punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clause contained in an Act made in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to settle the Trade to Africa, for allowing during a limited Time a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; and which Clause after the Expiration thereof was, by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, revived and continued for fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament and also the Proviso in the said last AT contained, that no Drawback shall be allowed on the Exportation of any Copper hut such as had been or should imported from the East indies and the Coast of Barbary only; and which said Clause and Proviso by another AT made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, were further continued for fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clause and Proviso by another AT made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, were further continued

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 32. 523

continued for fourteen Years, and from thence to the End. of the then next Session of Parliament, shall Farther continued be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fourth Day of'v 3- Gc> - C june one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par 2 liament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the nineteenth Year ofig Geo. 2. c. 27. his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable oncontinued to reign made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom; and for charging all foreign made Sails with a Duty; June '75s and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their first feti ing out to Sea, to be furnijbcdfr'h"jm'ff'l with cne complete Set of Sails made of British Sail Cloth; which was to continue in Force from the 31 e "'z' L twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty six, for the Term of seven Years, and "J' from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Clauses contained in an aftchufes in s Geo. made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for Encouragement of the*CV further Silk Manpfailures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes expo ted;

for reducing the Duty upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves and Nutmegs Imported; and for the' j'c i7"'Importation of all' Furs of the Produil of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only; and that the two Corporations of Assurance, on any Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable any to single Damages and Cojls of Suit, relating to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; which were to continue in Force for three Years from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Clauses were, by an Act made in the eleventh Year of his said late majesty's Reign, continued from the Expiration thereof for three Years, and from thence to u Geo. ic. the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act made in the feeond Year of his present Majesty's Reign, were further continued from the Expiration thereof for three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act made in the feeond Year of his pre 2 Ge, 2- CL is sent majesty's Reign, were further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par!' 1, and which by another Act made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, s Ge, < 2c were further id until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence u tlu., nd of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act made in the fifteenth 15 Geo. 2. c. 35. Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued Geo. 2. c. 45. until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and from thence to the End of the par, i.cr C0K/;, ej then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration by 32 Gk. 2. thereof until the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, and from thence 23. to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the sixth Year of these Geo. 2. c. 13. Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his ma cont, nn d to 24 jfly's Sugar Colonies fv America, which was to continue in Force for five Years, to be computed from the^unc twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, and to the End of the then next[

Session of Parliament; and which by an Act made in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was J f 'f C J further continued from the Expiration thereof for the further Term of seven Years, and from thence to the11 v' °' 2- C End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his pre 19 Geo. 2. r.23. sent majesty's Reign, was further continued from the Expiration of the said last mentioned Term for the further Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-four, h Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty six.

VI. And whereas by an Act passed in the feeond and third Years of the Reign of her late majestyi&sann. c. 14.

Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt, it is enacted, That

where any Salt or Rock Salt (the Duties whereof shall have been paid, or secured to be paid, according to the Direction of the former Laws relating to the said Duties on Salt) shall be shipped or laid on Board any Ship or Veiled in any Port, River or Place within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of J Vales, or Town of Berwick upon fwced, in order to be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, or be carried Coast wife; and the said Salt or Rock Salt so shipped or laid on Board, shall happen to perish by the sinking of the Ship or Vessel on which the same shall be shipped or laid on Board, before the said Ship or Yell'd shall go out of such Port or Place, and before the Exporter of such Salt shall be entitled to a Drawback or Allowance of the Duties thereof; that then and in such Case the Exporter or Proprietor of the said Salt or Rock Salt so perished shall, upon Proof made before the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, City, Riding, Division or Place, next to the Place where the said Salt or Rock Salt shall so perilli, of the Loss of the Salt or Rock Salt so (nipped, receive from the said Sessions a Certificate that such Proof was made before them; and upon producing the said Certificate to any of her majesty's Collectors or Officers appointed to collect the said Duties on Salt, the said Collectors and Officers are thereby required to let the said Exporter or Proprietor buy the like Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt as is expressed in the said Certificate to be so perished, without paying to her Majesty any Duty of Excise for the same, in the same manner as if such Salt or Rock Sait had lo perished,

going Coastwise from one Port of England to another: And whereas by an Act made in the eighth years Geo. 1. C j.

X X X 2'4 of

524. C 32. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for taking off the Duty upon all Salt

used in the curing of Red Herrings, and sayings proportionable Duty upon all Red Herrings consumed at Home only; and for ascertaining the Customs and Excise payable for the Sugar Houses in Scotland; and for making an Allowance for Salt toss in any Harbour or River of this Realm; and for the better securing the Duties on Salt delivered in Scotland, it is among other Things enacted, That the owners of any Salt, which after due Payment of the Duty shall perish or loit in any of the Ports or Harbours, or Rivers of this Realm, by Storms or Rages of the Tides from Sea, or otherwise, shall upon such Proofs made thereof in all Points, and in manner as is directed by the aforementioned Act of the second and third Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, (that gives Relief in Cases of Salt lost by VI ' olent or stormy Weather at Sea) be entitled to such Certificate, and thereupon to such Right and Pri vilege, as any Owners of the like Salt lost at Sea in the like Case are entitled to by virtue of the said Act; which Privilege, is to buy the like Quantity of Salt ns is expressed in the Certificate to be lost, with out paying to his Majesty any Duty of Excise for the same: And whereas the Exporters of Salt to foreign Parts do give Bond for the Duty of the same, which Bond is discharged by a Debenture upon the Exportation thereof, but in such Cases where the Salt is lost in carrying the same down the River in order to be slipped on Board the Vessel in which the same is to be exported, or lost in the Port after the same is ship ped, and before the Exporter is or can be entitled to a Debenture, the Exporter or Owner of the Salt so loft, upon Proof thereof in manner as directed by the afore recited Acts, obtains a Certificate of such Proof being made, which certificate entitles him by the said Acts to buy the like Quantity of Salt as is expressed therein to have been lost, without paying any Duty for the same, but cannot be applied to the Discharge of the Bond given for the Duty of the Salt lost, the Exporter therefore must discharge the Bond

in Money without any Abatement, and when he has so done, he cannot export the Salt delivered him Duty free, so as to be in titled to a Drawback thereupon, but must sell it for home Consumption greatly to his Disadvantage, as the Dealers in sr.lt for home Consumption have a Discount on prompt Payment of the Duty, and an Allowance for Waste on Salt carried Coastwise: For Remedy whereof be it enacted by

saltloft^'tova Authority aforesaid, That where any Salt or Rock Salt hath been lost or shall be lost in carrying the cine the security ^ame down any.river, in order to be slipped on Board the Vessel in which the same is to be exported, or tiath given for Pay Teen or shall be lost in the Port after the same is slipped, and before the Exporter is or can be entitled to a Dement of the benture, and Proof thereof hath been or shall be made in all Points, and in manner as directed by the afore

Duty. recited Acts, then and in every such Case the Certificate or Certificates for all such Salt or Rock Salt that hath

been lost or shall be lost, shall and may be applied by the.collector of the Duties on Salt, for the Place See 2 Geo. 3.. where the Duty on such Salt or Rock Salt hath been or shall be secured to be paid, to discharge and vacate

o the Security given or to be given for the Duty of so much Salt as shall appear by such Certificate to have been lost; anything in the said in part recited Acts, or any other Act to the contrary in any' wise notwithstanding,

Ann C 1n VII ' And whereas by an Act passed in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen '7 5 C Jnne^ intituled, An Act for laying further. Duties on Low Wines; and for preventing the Damage to her Ma

Revenue by Importation of foreign cut. whalebone; and for making same Provisions as to 'the Stamp Duties, and the Duties on Births, Burials and Marriages, and the Salt Duties, and touching Million Lot

Tickets; and for enabling her Majesty to difpefe of the Effects of William Kidd a notorious Pirate, ' to the Use of Greenwich hospitat, and for appropriating the Public Moneys granted in this Session of Par 4 I lament; it is enacted, That the Exporter or Proprietor of Salt or Rock Salt which shall perish or be lost in the manner described in the said Act, shall, upon Proof made before the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, City, Riding, Division or Place from whence the same was so exported, of the Loss of such Salt so shipped or to be shipped, receive from the said Sessions a Certificate that such Proof was made before them; and upon producing the said Cer lificate to the Officer of the Place where the Duty on such Salt shall have been paid or secured to be paid, ' such Security shall be discharged, and so much Money as was actually paid for the Duty of the said Salt, shall be repaid upon Demand by the said Officer without Fee or Reward, provided such Proof be made as 1 aforesaid by two credible witnesses^within six Months after such Loss or Taking as aforesaid: And whereas the making such Proof as aforesaid within the Time limited by the said Act sins, in many Cases, been found impracticable, by reason of the Shortness of the said ime: 'Be it therefore enacted by the

Time for making Authority aforesaid, That the Time for making such Proof as aforesaid, shall from and after the passing of Proof of Salt kft, this Act be enlarged to two Years; anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

in order to obtain a Certificate, enlarged to two Years.

2; Geo. 2. C ai.

4

4

4

4

4

4

VIII. 4 And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for enforcing Ye Laws again! the clandestine Importation of Soap, Candles and Starch, into this Kingdom, a Penalty of fifty Pounds is laid upon the Master, Mate or other Person taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel wherein any Candles, Soap or Starch, shall be brought or imported contrary to the said Act; and Pow; r is given to the Commissioners of Excise and Justices of the Peace before whom any Informations for the penalties impelled by the said Act shall be heard and determined, to mitigate the same where they shall see Cause, so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalty to less than one fourth Part thereof, over and above the Costs and Charges of the Officers, as well in making the Discovery as in the Prosecution of the f me; And whereas the Mailers or other Persons, having the charge of Ships or \ effeb, are liable to the Penalty infiifted by the said Act for importing Candles, Soap or Starch, othere i e th m by the said Act is prescribed, although such Candles, Soap or Starch, were put on Board without the Knowledge orprivity of fuel; Mailers or other Persons aforesaid, by the Mariners fervingon Board such Ships or Vejlds; and it is reasonable that such Mailers or other Persons should be indemnified against the Penalty to which they are by the said Act made liable for the Offences committed by the said Mariners; 'Be it therefore enacted

o

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 33. 525

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Information shall be brought against the Mailer, mateupcn informs or other Person, having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel, for Recovery of the Penalty inflicted by the saidt1011 brought for A (St for importing Candles, Soap, or Starch, o herwife than by the said Act is prescribed; ^allpee, 7r) r^f3cd be lawful for such Mailer, Mate or other Person, to (lop and detain the Wages of the marinersw^ve recite and Men serving on Board such Ship or Vessel, until such Information shall be heard and deter act. thews mined; and if upon the Hearing and Determination thereof it shall appear that such Candles, Soap or°f (te Marinas Starch, were put on Board such Ship or Vessel by any of the Mariners or Aden serving therein, without thet0. bf t, L a ned Knowledge or Privity of the Mailer, Mate or other Person, having the Charge of such Ship or vessel, la T, it shall be lawful for such Mailer, Mate or other Person aforesaid, to keep and retain in his Hands so much otmined, ^" U the Wages of the Mariners and Aden serving on Board such Ship or Vessel, who shall be found guilty of or., privy to such Offence, as will be sufficient to answer and satist'y the Penalty inflicted upon such Alafter, adatejnj upon or other Person aforesaid, who shall be and is hereby indemnified for so doing. vifiion, to b. applied

in Payment of the Forfeiture.

IX. C And whereas the Provision contained in an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign sj cso. 2.0.21. ' of his present Majesty, for the due and regular Payment of the Bounties granted upon the Expor V t6

1 tation of british made Sail Cloth has proved ineffectual; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore the Bounties on said. That the Bounties due fiuce the first of June one thousand Even hundred and fifty, (being the Com saj ci°^q^jr" mencement of the said Provision) and which shall hereafter become due on the Exportation of british madelubfidy, e3fpji sail Cloth, inllead of being paid in the manner in the said Act directed, shall be, and the same are hereby charged cable.to Payment upon, and shall be paid out of such Parts of the Old Subsidy as are applicable to the Payment of Incidents, of Incidents.

X ' And whereas by two Acts of Parliament made in the fixrh and twenty second Years of the Reign g Geo. 2. c. 3-. ' of his present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the.whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty's bri zz Geo.'a. c. 45. ' tish Subjects, a Bounty of forty Shillings per T on, under certain Regulations mentioned in the said Acts,

C is to be paid by the receiver-general of the Customs to the Mailer or Owners of Ships employed in the Whale Fishery in the Greenland Seas or davis's Straights, on their Return to this Kingdom: And where as John Hennicker, Henry Bird the Elder, Henry Bird the Younger, and Conrad Lang of London, Asser chants, did sit out in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, four Ships, called the Merry Jacks, Sword Fish, Resolution, and Neptune for the Whale Fishery in the Greenland Seas, in the manner.

prescribed and appointed by the said Acts, and which said Ships were actually employed in the said Fishery,

were unavoidably loll in the said Seas; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That thetieaforyimpow of of his Majesty's Treasury. for the Time being, or any three of them, shall be, and they are: ered to direct the hereby empowered to direct, if they think fit, the Payment of the Bounties which the said John Hennicker, Boint; e3 to be. Henry Bird the Elder, Henry Bird the Younger, and Conrad Lang, would have been infilled to in case the £ jenniclc«°\i>fl said Ships had returned to this Kingdom; anything in the said two several Acts contained to the contrarybirds and com ai notwithstanding. Ling.

XI. ' And whereas by two Acts of Parliament made in the sixth and twenty second Years of the Reign g Geo C

of his present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his British Majesty sgco.a. C 45' ' subjects, a Bounty of forty Shillings per Tonne, under certain Regulations mentioned in the Lid acts, is 5 to be paid by the receiver-general of the Customs to the Master or Owners of Ships employed in the Whale Fishery in the Greenland Seas or davis's Straights, on their Return to this Kingdom: And whereas Philip How, on the Behalf of himself and several other Persons, did in the Year one thousand seven bun dred and fifty-two, fit out two Ships, called the Argyll and Campletoun, for the said Fishery, in the man ner required by the said acts; and which said Ships were actually employed in the said Fishery, and did re turn to this Kingdom with three Whales; but by reason of an Omission or Mistake in making the Afiida vits, and giving the Security required by the said Acts, the said Owners have not been able to obtain the proper Certificates for the Payment of the f.iid bounty be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three of them, shall be, and they are hereby empowered to direct, if they think fit, the Payment of the Bounties which the said Philip And i!so tnphi.

How and others would have been entitled to in case they had complied with all the Forms and Regulations Hem,

required by the said Acts of Parliament; anything in the said two several Acts contained to the contrary

notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages.

WHEREAS great Mischiefs and Inconveniencies have arisen from Clandestine A'larriages; 'forfertj jj1' preventing thereof for the future. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and g' 3'2'3 "

C 2 - f. II

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia,.

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March in, 19. the Year of our Lord one boufand seven hundred and fifty-four, all Banns of Matrimony shall be published § !7 -- in an audible manner in the Parish Church, or in some public Chapel, in which public c!n pel Banns of Publication of Matrimony have been usually published, of or belonging to such Parish or Chapelry wherein the Persons tob, ms be married shall dwell, according to the Form of Words prescribed by tbs Rubric prefixed to the Office of Matrimony in the Bosk of Common Pray r, upon three Sundays preceding the Solemnization of Adarriage, during the time of Morning Service, or of Evening Service (if there be no Morning Service in such Church or Chapel upon any of those Sundays) immediately after the second lefton: And whensoever it shall happen that the Persons to be married shall dwell in diverse Parishes or Chapelries, the Banns shall in like manner be published in the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Chapelry wherein each of the said Persons hull dwell; and where both or either of the Persons to be married shall dwell in any Exrraparqchial Place,

(laing no Church or Chapel wherein B. nns have been usually published) then the Banns Dial! in like man

uei

526 'J. 33. Anno vicesimo jsexto Georgii II. A.D. 17 5 3*

ner be publiilied in the Parish Church or Chapel belonging to some Parish or Chapelry adjoining to such extraparochial Place: And where Banns shall be published in any Church or Chapel belonging to any Parish adjoining to such Extraparochial Place, the Parson, Vicar, Minister or Curate, publishing such Banns, Minister to sign shall, in Writing under his Hand, certify the Publication thereof in such manner as if either of the Persons ukpublication; to be married dwelled in such adjoining Parish; and that all other the Rules prescribed by the said Rubric concerning the Publication of Banns, and the Solemnization of Matrimony, and not hereby altered, shall be duly observed, that in all Cases where Banns shall have been published, the Marriage shall be solemn "=nizd in one of the Parish Churches or Chapels where such Banns have been pblished, and in no other Place in one of the whacfocvct.

Churches where the Betas hive been published.

Notice of the

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Parson, Vicar, Minister or Curate shall! n.uucs, Pkc« of be obliged to publish the Banns of Matrimony between any Persons whatsoever, unless the Persons to be ifnu liclcncc 7171 a ni CD shall], seven Days at the leaf! before the time required for the first Publication of such Banns respectthe parties"to t, etively, d liver or cause to be delivered to such Parson, Vicar, Minister or Curate, a Notice in Writing of givfn to the mi their true Christian and Surnames, and of the House or Houses of their respective Abodes within such pa nifter 7 Days he rifli, Chapelry or Extraparochial Place as aforesaid, and of the time during which they have dwelled, inha? frinns', catlr b*ted or lod§ed 'nuc* House or Houses respectively.

01. Jnr, J'

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Parson, Minister, Vicar or

«ifiiabletfo°lfou"^'urate solemnizing Marriages after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty jemaizing Mar four, between Persons, both or one of whom shall be under the Age of twenty-one Years, after Banns riage after Banns published, shall be punishable by Ecclesiastical Censures for solemnising such Marriages without Consent of i'ublhhcd, whereparents or Guardians, whose Consent is required by Law, unless such Parson, Minister, Vicar or Curate c'uardtan^ieeno^13^ have Notice of the distent of such Parents or Guardians; and in case such Parents or Guardians, or notlceofd0ne f them, shall openly and publicly declare, or cause to be declared in the Church or Chapel where but where such 'the Banns shall be so published, at the Time of such Publication, his, her or their distent to such Marriage, Dident shall be such Publication of Banns shall be absolutely void. givcrijpublicationot' B inns to be void.

Licences to be

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Licence of Marriage shall, from and after the said twen granted to foiem ty fifth Day of March in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, be granted by any arch nize Matrimonybishop, Bishop, or other Ordinary or Person having Authority to grant such Licences, to solemnise any Oba c]cof such ar r i age in an y other Church or Chapel, than in the Parish Church or Public Chapel of or belonging to Parish only,' the Parish or Chapelry, within which the usual Place of Abode of one of the Persons to be married shall where one of the have been for the Space of four Weeks immediately before the granting of such Licence; or where both or Parries shall have either of the Parties to be married shall dwell in any Extraparochial Place, having no Church or Chapel cm before wherein Banns have been usually published, then in the Parish Church or Chapel belonging to some Parish cs or Chapelry adjoining to such Extraparochial Place, and in no other Place whatsoever.

Places which V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Parishes where there shall be no may be deemed Parish Church or Chape] belonging thereto, or none wherein Divine Service shall be usually celebrated extraparochial every Sunday, may be deemed Extraparochial Places for the Purposes of this Act, but not for any other by this Act. Purpose.

Archbishop of

VI. Provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall be construed to extend to deprive the Canterbury's Archbishop of Canterbury and his Successors, and his and their proper Officers, of the Right which hath Bight to grant hitherto been used, in virtue of a certain Statute made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of the late lesser ed llccncesking Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act concerning Peter Pence and difpc/jhtions; of granting Special Licences to marry at any convenient Time or Place.

Surrogate depu

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March in the ted to grant LI year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, no Surrogate deputed by any Ecclesiastical Judge, who cencesto take hath Power to grant Licences of Marriage, shall grant any such Licence before he hath taken an Oath be fice°and L 7 ore Hid Judge faithfully to execute his Office, according to Law, to the hest of his Knowledge, and Security. hath given Security by his Bond in the Sum of one hundred Pounds to the Bishop of the Diocese, for the due and faithful Execution of his said Office.

Persons convl&

VIII. And whereas many Persons do solemnise Matrimony in Prisons and other Places without Publication of ed of sole|inizing Banns, or Lie, nee of Marriage firjf had and obtained; Therefore, for the Prevention thereof, Be it enacted, Matrimony I hat if any Person shall, from and after the said twenty filth Day of March in tile Year one thousand seven out Banns hunc]red and fifty-four, lblemnize Matrimony in any other Place than a Church or Public Chapel, where any tthercp°ace" anns !lave been ui imlly published, unless by Special Licence from the Archbishop of Canterbury, or shall except by 'solemnize Matrimony without Publication of Banns, unless Licence of Marriage be first had and obtained Special Licence, from same Person or Persons having Authority to grant the same, every Person knowingly and wilfully so ofiending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and to be transported.shall he transported to some of his Majesty's Plantations in America for the Space of fourteen Years, according to the Laws in Force for Transjiortation of Felons; and all Marriages solemnised from nd after the twenty-fifth Day of March in the It ear one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, in any other Pla'e than a Church or such Public Chapel, unless by Special Licence as aforesaid, or that shall be solemnised with and the mama out Publication of Banns, or Licence of Marriage from a Person or Persons having Authority to grant the ages to ic null, same first had and obtained, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Prosecutions for r Provided, That all Prosecutions for such Felony shall be commenced within the Space of three the same to Years after the Offence committed.

be commenced within 3 Years,

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 33. 527

X Provided always, That after the Solemnization of any Marriage, under a Publication of Banns, it i'roofot^hipar shall not be necessary in support of such Marriage, to give any Proof of the actual Dwelling of the Par'in the respective Parishes or Chapelries wherein the Banns of Matrimony were published; or where the! j'vr'?tcj Marriage is by Licence, it shall not be necessary to give any Proof that the usual Place of Abode of one of: ., havo the Parties, for the Space of four Weeks as aforesaid, was in the Parish or Chapelry where the Marriage b mnized, not e was solemnised; shall any Evidence in either of the said Cases be received to prove the contrary in any fy>ryt"ih: VI Suit touching the Validity' of such Marriage.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Marriages solemnised by Licence, after the said twenty Uceilce

fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifey four, where either of the Parties, not being a ^uhou/consent W idower or Widow, shall be under the Age of twenty-one Years, which shall be had without the con of the parents or sent of the father of such of the Parties, founder Age (if then living] first had and obtained, or if dead, Guardians, where of the Guardian or Guardians of the Person of the Party founder Age, lawfully appointed, or one of ither of the them; and in case there shall be no such Guardian or Guardians, then of the Mother (if living and un, widower' married) or if there shall be no Mother living and unmarried, then of a Guardian or Guardians of the Per 0. 'widow) shall son appointed by the Court of Chancery, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes what be under Age, soever. void.

XII. And whereas it may happen, that the Guardian or Guardians, Mother or Mothers, of the Parties to be married, or one of them, founder Age as aforesaid, may be Non compos mentis, or may be in Parts beyond the Seas, or maybe induced unreasonably, and by undue Motives to abuse the Trull reposed in him, her or them, by refusing or with holding his, her or their Consent to a proper Marriage; 'Be it therefore enacted, That in case any such Guardian or Guardians, Mother or Mothers, or any of them, ru, 7lnsor whose Consent is made necessary as aforesaid, shall be Non compos mentis, or in Parts beyond the Seas, or Mother shall be shall refuse or with hold his, her or their Consent to the Marriage of any Person, it shall and maybe lawful Non compos for any Person desirous of marrying, in any of the before mentioned Cases, to apply by Petition to thement!sr or in Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the *, r: s bey<ha<ijhc Time being, who is and are hereby empowered to proceed upon such Petition, in a summary Way; and in un.e', fonably case the Marriage proposed, shall upon Examination appear to be proper, the said Lord Chancellor, Lord wah hoid their Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being, shall judicially declare the same to Consent, the be so by an Order of Court, and such Order shall be deemed and taken to be as good and effectual to all Parties >ila.v sp intents and Purposes, as if the Guardian or Guardians, or Mother of the Person so petitioning, had con chancellor fented to such Marriage.'and being' apv

proved by Order of the Court, shall be este<fiual.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That in no Case whatsoever shall any Suit or Proceeding be had No Suit to be in in any Ecclesiastical Court, in order to compel a Celebration of any Marriage in facie Ecclesite, by reason

any Contract of Matrimony whatsoever, whether per verba de prafenti, or per verba de fnturo, which shall Marria^' be entered into after the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; facie ecdegs, any Law orufage to the contrary notwithstanding. by reason of any

XIV. And for preventing undue Entries and Abuses in Registers of Marriages; Be it enacted by thet ontua. Authority aforesaid, That on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and from Time to Time afterwards as there shall be Occasion, the churchwardens Churchwardens and chapel wardens of every Parish or Chapelry shall provide proper Books of Vellum, or good and durable f provide Books Paper, in which all Marriages and Banns of Marriage respectively, there published or solemnised, shall be registered, "and every Page thereof shall be marked at the Top, with the Figure of the Number of every such Page, beginning at the second Leaf with Number one; and every Leaf or Page so numbered, shall be Banns; ruled with Lines at proper and equal Distances from each other, or as near as may be; and all Banns and Marriages published or celebrated in any Church or Chapel, or within any such Parish or Chapelry, shall be respectively entered, registered, printed, or written upon or as near as conveniently may be to such ruled Lines, and shall be signed by the Parson, Vicar, Minister or Curate, or by some other Person in his Pre the same to be fence, and by his Direction; and such Entries shall be made as aforesaid, on or near such Lines in fuc j'|ne.d by the cessive Order, where the Paper is not damaged or decayed, by Accident or Length of Time, until a new; n, ster>

Book shall be thought proper or necessary to be provided for the same Purposes, and then the Directions

aforesaid shall be observed in every such new Book; and all Books provided as aforesaid shall be deemed to and the Books to

belong to every such Parish or Chapelry respectively, and shall be carefully kept and preserved for publick ton7ero

XV. And in order to preserve the Evidence of Marriages, and to make the Proof thereof more certain ljckufe.^ island easy, and for the Direction of Ministers in the Celebration of Marriages and registering thereof. Be it

enabled, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year one thousand seven hundred and Carriages to be fifty-four, all Marriages shall be solemnised in the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses, besides the two

Minister who shall celebrate the same; and that immediately after the Celebration of every Marriage, an\v) the(ics, be entry thereof shall be made in such Register to be kept as aforesaid; which Entry or Register it shall be (ides the mim expressed, That 'he said Marriage was celbrated by Banns or Licence; and if both or either of the par for, to be ties married by Licence, be under Age, with Consent of the Parents or Guardians, as the Case shall be; registered, and shall be signed by the Minister with his proper Addition, and also by the Parties married, and attefledand signed by the by such two Witnesses; which Entry shall be made in the Form or to the effect following; that is to ^tllcs

0 and Yi itr.efiis.

Anno vicesimo sexto Qegrgu. II

A.D. 1753.

528

Form,

c. 34.

A b of[!his]parish and C D. of jj?] Parish

were married in thisfgj^j] by [£ncc]with Consent of[g^fq Day of in the Year

["Reblor - by me j. 7. Vicar

lcurate_

A B E F

This Marriage was solemnised between us q jf in the Presence of q jf '

Persons convia,

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person Brail, from and after the cj of making .1 twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, with Intent to elude the fald'ue^fter the^'orce f t^1's Acfc, knowingly and wilfully insert, or cause to be inserted in the Redder Book of such 1 b 1'Parish or Chapelry as aforesaid, any false Entry of any Matter or Thing relating to any marriage; orfalfely 01 of forging, C make, alter, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falfitly made, altered, forged or counterfeited, any such Entry, or or assist in falfiely making, altering, forging or counterfeiting any such Entry in such Register; falsely make, alter, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falfiely nv.de, altered, forged or counter or of forging, &c.feited, or assist in falsely making, altering, forging or counterfeiting any such Licence of Marriage as afore any Licence, ftjj. or ucter or publish as true any such false, altered, forged or counterfeited Register as aforesaid, or a Copy thereof, or any such false, altered, forged or counterfeited Licence of Marriage, knowing such Register or Licence of Marriage respectively, to be false, altered, forged or counterfeited, or if any Person or of defi roying shall, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, wilfully destroy, or cause or procure to be de withar ill intent{ir0ye(j5 any Register Book of Marriages, or any part of such register Book, with Intent to avoid any mar uc egi ei, xiage, or to subject any Person to any of the Penalties of this act; every Person so offending, and being to sufferdeith. thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

man iages of the

XVII. Provided always, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to the Mar koyai Family, j jages of any of the Royal Family.

and of Quakers^XVIII Provided likewise, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to that Part of Great Britain and Jews, and °fca]]e(j Scotland, nor to any Marriages among! the People called Quakers, or among! the Persons pro landor beyond febing the Jcwifi Religion, where both the Parties to any such Marriage shall be of the People called the Seas, except qj/akers, or Persons professing the Jewish Religion respectively, nor to any marriages solemnised beyond ed., the Seas.

This Act to be

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Add shall be publicly read in read in all Par, (Itall Parish Churches and public Chapels, by the parson, Vicar, Minister or Curate of the respective panb ies> or Chapelries, on (ome Sunday immediately after Morning Prayer, or immediately after Evening pu a. tape s Prayerj; f tj, ere shall be no Morning Service on that Day, in each of the Months of September, oslober, November and December, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, and afterwards at the same Times, on four several Sundays in each Year, (that is to say,) The Sundays next before the twenty-fifth Day of March, twenty-fourth Day of June, twenty-ninth Day of September, and twenty-fifth Day of December respectively, for two Years, to be computed from and immediately after the fir! Day of January in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four.

CAP. XXXIV.

An acc to explain, amend and continue several Laws more efreiftua!ly to prevent the spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; for the more effc dlual paying the Expenses of passing Vagrants; for obviating Doubts that may arise touching the keeping of Prisoners, until the Prison of the Marshalsea of the Court of King's Bench Brail be rebuilt or repaired, and for amending so much of the Act of the twenty-fourth of his present Majesty for regulating the Commencement of the Year and for correcting the Calendar now in Use, as relates to the Time of electing public Officers of the City of Chester.

The aos fer preventing ihe spreading of the Diflt mper amongst homed caulc, viz.

hj Geo. 2. c. 5.

WHEREAS the contagious Distemper amongst the horned Cattle fill continues to rage in this Kingdom: And whereas the several Laws made to prevent the spreading of the said Distemper ' (which have been found useful and beneficial) are near expiring; 'May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable his majesty to make Rules, Orders and Regulations more cf/ell unity to prevent the spreading of the Distemper which now rages among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, which was to con

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 34. 529

tinue in force for the Space of eight Months, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty was explained, amended2oceo. 2. <, 4-

and continued, and to be in force with the said last mentioned Act for the Space of eight Months, from the tenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and forty six, and from thence to the End of the then

next Session of Parliament; and which said Acts, by an Act made in the twenty first Year of the Reign ofzi Geo. 2. c. 33.

his present Majesty, were further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by

an Add made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until22geo. 2.0, 46.

the twenty-fourth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also several Clauses in the said Act made in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for amending, explaining and enforcing the said Acts made in the nineteenth and twentieth Years of his present Majesty's Reign; and for preventing the spreading of the Distemper amongst the horned Cattle; and for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the killing of Cow

Calves; and which by an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty were 23 Geo. 2. c. 23.

+further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also several Clauses in the said Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and which by an Act made in the twenty

fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty were further continued until the first Day of September one 24 Geo. 2.0.54.

thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

and also several Clauses in the said Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for

explaining and enforcing the said Acts; and which by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the reignisgeo.i. c. ji,

of his present Majesty were further continued until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred lurt^er conti

and fifty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also several Clausesnuc '

in the said Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for explaining and amending

the said Acts, shall, except so much of an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present xcf, PL? Choose

Majesty, intituled An act to continue several Laws for preventing the spreading of the Distemper which now"123 eo'2'

rages amongst the horned Cattle; and for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the killing of Cow Calves, as relates

to the impowering Justices of the Peace, at their respective General Quarter sessions of the Peace, to

licence any Person residing within their respective Counties, Ridings ordivisions to buy and sell Cattle, be, Southeast ( X

and the same are hereby further continued until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and c' 'ep i/53'

fifty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. Farther continued

by 27 Geo. 2. c. 14. and see 30 Geo. 2. c. 20. § '9-

CII. And whereas by an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti 17 Geo. 2. c. 3.

tuled, An act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and dif orderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction; it is enacted, That all Rogues, Vagabonds and incorrigible Rogues sent by Pastes from one County, Riding, Division, Corporation or Franchise, into any other

County, Riding, Division, Corporation or Franchise, shall be delivered to the constable or other such Officer of the first Town, Parish or Place in the next County, Riding, Division, Corporation or Franchise, to be

by him conveyed forward in such manner as by the said Act is directed; that the Allowances to be made to the constables and other such Officers for the conveying of such Rogues, Vagabonds and incor rigible Rogues, shall be paid by the High or Chief Constables, and that such High or Chief Constables shall be allowed the same by the Treasurer of the respective County, Riding, Liberty, Division, Corpo ration or Franchise, on his passing his Accounts: And whereas it frequently happens that the High or Chief Constables have not a Sum of Money in their Hands sufficient to answer the said Expenses; 'it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Rogues, Vagabonds and incorrigible Rogues sent by Vagran* p. fltd Passes from one County, Riding, Division, Corporation or Franchise, into any other County, Riding, divi from °nec'>'r fion. Corporation or Franchise, shall be delivered to the Constable or other such Officer of the first Town, [0 be^onveyed^ Parish or Place in the next County, Riding, Division, Corporation or Franchise, and shall be by such Constable or other such Officer conveyed forward in the Manner by the said Act directed and prescribed,

and not otherwise; that it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer of each County, Riding, Division, the Expenses to Corporation or Franchise, and he is hereby required to pay to such Constable or other Officer the Charges be pad by tl, e of conveying such Rogues, Vagabonds and incoriigible Rogues, upon such Constable or other Officer pro 01 the ducing to him the Certificate and such other Vouchers as are required by the said Act to be delivered to such °un y'

High or Chief Constables; the Sums so paid shall be allowed by the Justices of the Peace to such trea and to be allow surer in his Accounts, on his producing the Vouchers aforesaid, together with the Receipt of the said con ed in his Ac; anything in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. counts.

III. And whereas the Prison of the Marshalsea of the Court of King's Bench is in its present Condition unsafe for the Custody, and dangerous to the Health of the Prisoners, which Inconveniences cannot be

remedied, unless the said Prison be repaired or rebuilt: And whereas it will be necessary to have some pro per and convenient Place or Places provided for the Reception of the Prisoners in the mean time, where upon Doubts may arise concerning the Legality of the Imprisonment of such Prisoners in such other Place or Places; Therefore to prevent such Doubts, be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That Marshal of the until the said Prison shall be sufficiently repaired or rebuilt, it shall and may be lawful to and for themarshalk, ng^ bedr'1 of the Marshalsea of the said Court of King's Bench for the Time being, to detain and keep the Prisoners committed or to be committed to his Custody, in such other proper and convenient Place or Places as shall pjace arpr0ved from Time to Time be approved of for that Purpose by the said Court; any Law or Usage to the contrary by theccurt. notwithstanding. untl1 thepnion

Vol. VII Yy, ' lv.betef, red'

53° C 35. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

IV. And whereas within the City of Chester. the usual and accustomed Time of the annual Meeting and Assembly of the Citizens of the said City, for the e'.eftion of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Treasurers, Coroners and Lcaveloolcers of the same City, hath been on the Friday next after the Feaff Day of Saint Dennis yearly: Ce. 2. c. 23. t And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, ' (entitled. An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Tear., and for corresling the Calendar now inufe) it was amongst oth r Things enacted, That all Meetings and.assemblies of any Bodies Politic or Corporate, ' either for the Election of any Officers or Members thereof, or for any such Officers entering upon the Execution of their respective Offices, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, which by any Law, Statute, ' Charter, Custom or Usage within this Kingdom were to be held and kept on any fixed or certain Day ' of any Month, should from and after the iecond Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, be holden or kept upon, or according to the same respective Nominal Days and Times whereon or according to which the same were at the Time of making the said Act to be held: And whereas by the said recited Act it was further enacted, That the holding and keeping of all Markets, Fairs and Marts, ' w hether for the Sale of Goods or Cattle, or for the hiring of Servants, or for any other Purpose, which are either fixed to certain Nominal Days of the Month, or depending upon the Beginning or any certain Day of any Month, and all Courts incident or belonging to, or usually held or kept with any such Fairs or Marts fixed to such certain Times as aforesaid, should not, from the said second Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, be continued upon or according to the Nominal Days of the Month, or the Time of the Beginning of any Month, to be computed according to the new Calendar in

the said recited Act mentioned, but that from and after the said second Day of September all such Markets,

Fairs and lvlarts as aforesaid, and all Courts incident or belonging thereto, should be held or kept upon,

or according to the same Natural Days, upon or according to which the same should have been so kept or held, in case the said recited Act had not been made; that is to say, eleven Days later than the same would have happened, according to the Nominal Days of the said new Supputation of Time, by which the Commencement of each Month, and the Nominal Days thereof, are anticipated or brought forward,

by the Space of eleven Days; anything in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: And whereas before the making of the said recited Act, one of the annual Fairs within the said City, commonly called Michaelmas e air, was begun to be held and kept yearly, on the twenty-ninth Day of September, and continued for several Days afterwards, and pursuant to thedireftions of the said recited Act, the same Fair will hereafter begin to be held and kept on the tenth Day of

October yearly, which is the Day next after the Feaff of Saint Dennis, by which means the Friday next after the said Eealt will always hereafter happen, during the Time of holding and keeping the said Fair; and there ore it would be very inconvenient to the Citizens of the said City of Chester, if the annual Meeting and aitcmbly of the said Citizens for the Election of the Mayor, and the aforesaid other annual Officers of the said City, lltould continue to be held on the Friday next after the said Feaff of Saint

The annual Dennis: 'For preventing whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the annual Meeting fr the an Assembly of the said Citizens for the Election of the Mayor and other the aforesaid annual Officers of M y t&c. of ij'd City of Chejhr, shall not at any Time hereafter be held on the Friday next after the said Feaff ti cvyofche of Saint Demis, but the same, and all annual Meetings and Assemblies for that Purpose, shall at all Times ft<r, to be bdd hereafter be held in the usual and accustomed Manner on the Friday next after the twentieth Day of ocls oo the Friday f, cr in every Year and not before; anything in the said recited Act of Parliament, or any Law, Statute, yearly Charter, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP XXXV

An Act for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of, the Undertaking lor recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and Sir John Glynne Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Hawerden, and several Freeholders and Occupiers of Land within the said Manor; and for explaining and amending three several Acts of Parliament of the sixth, fourtt enth and seventeenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign,

for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the said River Dee.

PR.

b Geo. i. C 30.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, inti tilled, An Act to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee hi the County Palatine of cheffcr, reciting that the Sands, Soil and Ground, not being Grass, commonly called The White Sands, from the City of Chester to the Sea, and lying between the County of Chester on the North Side, and the County of Flint on the South Side, were of great b.eadth in most Places; nd that the said River not being navigable,

was chiefly owing to the Bre dth of the said Sands, and to the shifting of the Channel from one Side thereof to the other, as the Winds and Tides varied; and that the said Sand, Soil and Ground, commonly called The jvhl'e Sands, were not, nor was likely to be of any Advantage or Benefit to any Person whatso ever, unlel's the said River was bounded in and made navigable by Sea Walls, Banks and Fences, which would require a very great Expense, as well to erect as to maintain and repair from Time to Time, ns Occasion should require; but that yet nevertheless, if the said Sands, Soil or Ground, commonly called The White Sands, were recovered from the Sea by Sea Walls, Banks and Fences as aforesaid, and the

Channel thereby confined to one certain Course, it would not only effectually make the said River navi gable, but that veiling the said White Sands in the Undertakers would b. c. a considerable Encouragement to

the 3-

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 35. 531

the undertaking thereof; Nathaniel Kinderiy in the said Add named, his Heirs and Afltgna, and such Person or Persons as he or they should nominate and appoint, were appointed Undertakers of the said Navigation,

and authorised and empowered at their own Cost and Ch u gesto make and keep the Paid River Dec navi gable from the Sea 10 a certain Point within the Liberties of the City of Glefter, called Wilcox Point, in such manner that there should be sixteen Foot Water in every Part of the said River, at a moderate Spring Tide, for Ships and Vends to come and go to and from the Lid City; and as a Recompencefor the same, certain Rates of Tonnage were on t northeast Perms therein mentioned, granted by the said Act to the 6 said Nathaniel Kinderly, his Heirs, Assigns or Nominees; and as a further Recompense for the Expense which the said Undertakers should be at in making the said River navigable, certain Lands, Marshes and saitgrafs, and other Lands therein mentioned were, to loon as the said River should be made navigable,

vested in the said Nathaniel Kinderiy, his Heirs, Alhgns or Nominees for ever, to the Use of the said Nathaniel Kinderiy, his Heirs, Assigns or Nominees for ever, 'under the Provisoes and Conditions in the said Acts mentioned: And whereas the said Nathaniel Kinderiy, and his Assigns or Nominees, Undertakers of the said Navigation, began the Lid Undertaking, and made a new Channel for the said River Dee,

through the adjacent Sands and Marshes near ten Miles in Length; and the said River was in the Month of April one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven turned into the said new Channel, and hath ever fsnee continued to run through the same; and ever since that Time, Ships and Vessels of considerable Burden have failed and navigated through the said new Channel up to the said Point called Wilcox Point,

and the said Undertakers did, before the ewenty first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty,

finish the said Undertaking in making the said River navigable, according to the Intent and true Meaning of the said recited Act of the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign: And whereas by one other Act of Pnr ' liament made in the fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Under 14 Geo. 2. c. 3.

takers of the Navigation of the river Dee; it was amongst other things enacted, That the several Persons therein named Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preferring the Navigation of the said River Dee, and the Representatives of such of the Subscribers to the Indenture or Deeds Poll therein mentioned as were dead, their several and respective Succedors, Heirs and Assigns, should be created int.q ' one Company for the Purposes aforesaid, and be incorporated by the Name of The Company of Pro ' prietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dec, and have Power to do all such Acts as the said Nathaniel Kinderiy, his Heirs, Assigns or Nominees might have done, or were empowered to do by virtue of the said Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty, and to take and receive all such Duties, Tonnage Dues and Payments whatsoever, as the said Nathaniel Kinderiy, his Heirs,

Assigns or Nominees were empowered to do by the said Act, and to embank, enclose, improve and apply to the Use of the said Company the White Sand, Soil and Ground, and other Lands whatsoever' by the said Act vefied in the said Nathaniel Kinderiy, his Heirs, Assigns and Nominees, upon the Terms and 1 Conditions in the said Act mentioned, in the same Mariner as the said Nathaniel Kinderiy, his Heirs, C Assigns or Nominees might have done, subject to the Limitations, Conditions and Restrictions in the said Act mentioned: And whereas the Tonnage Rates and Duties appointed to be paid by the said Act of Parliament of the sixth Year of his present Majesty, being by Experience found to be too high, and to be a Discouragement to the Trade of the said City of Offer, by one other Act of Parliament made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act > 7 Geo. 2. CS. ' passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to rccovr and preserve the Naviga tion of the River Dee in the County Palatine of Chester, and another Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Undertakers of the Navigation of the River Dee; and for repealing the onnagp Rates payable to the said Undertakers; and for granting to them other Tonnage and Keelage Rates in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; the said Tonnage Rates payable to the said Undertakers were repealed, and new Rates granted and appointed to be paid to them in lieu thereof, and it was by the same Act of the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign

further provided and enacted, That nothing therein, or in the said Acts of the sixth and fourteenth year's of his present Majesty's Reign, or either of them contained, should extend or be deemed, or construed to extend to hinder or restrain Sir John Glynne Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Havjarden in the County of Flint, his Heirs or Assigns, or any other of the Proprietors of Lands, Grounds or Salt Marshes wlhiri

the said Manor of Hawarden, or any other Person or Persons having or being incitled to Right of Common thereon, their Heirs or Assigns, from having, using or enjoying the Lands, Grounds o: Salt Marshes

on either Side of the Banks and Forelands of the said new Channel made by the said Undertakers,

which were greenfword or grafted over at the Time of passing the said Act of the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, and not vested in the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs or Assigns or Nominees, or in the said Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, by virtue of the aforesaid Acts of the sixth and fourteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign,

or of that Act, or from taking all the Rents, Issues and Profits thereof, or from having and enjoying such Right of Common as aforesaid thereon, and all the Rights, Liberties and Privileges thereto belonging,

according to his and their respective Estate, Right, itle or Interest therein, in such Manner and with the like Benefit and Advantage, as he or they could, might or ought to have tad or done, in case that or the said before mentioned Acts had never been, made, so as such Enjoyments, Rights, Lifcertiesrand Pri ' vileges did not infringe upon, or deregate from the Powers given to the said Undertakers, for completing and preserving the Lid Navigation, and recovering from the Sea the said White Sands, by that Act, ot f by the said Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty: whereas since the making the said last mentioned Act several Doubts and Differences have arisen between the said Company and the said Sir 1 John Glynne, and f.vcral other of the Proprietors of Lands, and Persons entitled to Common in the Salt

C 36. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

Marshes within the said Manor of Hawarden, touching the Extent of the Lands, Grounds or Salt Marshes lying on the North Side of the said new Channel made by the said Undertakers, which were greenfword or graded over at the Time of passing; the said Act of the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, and not vested in the said Company, and several Suits were in or about the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven commenced, and are still depending between the said Parties in relation thereto: And whereas in order to put an end to all Disputes that have or otherwise might arise between the said Company and the Sir John Glynne, and the Freeholders and other Persons entitled to Common within the said Manor, in

relation to the Premises, and to any Damages which have been or may be occasioned to all or any Part of the Lands or Marshes within the said Manor on the South Side of the said new Channel, by reason of the said Works of Navigation, Articles of Agreement have been lately made and entered into, by and between the said Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Naviga tion of the River Dee, of the one Part, and the said Sir John Glynne of Howard n in the County of Flint,

Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Hawarden, and the several other Persons whose Hands and Seals are there unto subscribed, Freeholders and Occupiers of Land, within the said Manor, on behalf of themselves and

all other Persons having a Right of Commoning upon the Wail Lands, Commons and Salt Marshes,

within the said Manor, of the other Part, in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say. Articles of Agreement, is'c. And whereas the executing and effecting the said Agreement would be for the mutual Benefit of the said Company, and of all Persons interested in, or entitled unto, the said Lands, Grounds,

or Salt Marfnes within the said Manor, or to the Right of Common therein, and the great Expenses which would necessarily attend the further Prosecution of the Suits that have arisen, and are Pill deptnd ing between the Parties, will thereby be prevented; but such Agreement cannot be rendered effectual to answer the Intention of the Parties, without the Aid and Authority of an Act of Parliament; 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, tsfe.

The recited Articles of Agreement confirmed. Right of Common to cease when the Undertakers shall give Notice of their Intention of taking Possession of the waste Lands on the North Side of the new 4c Channel. Undertakers to pay 200l. per Annum in Consideration thereof, for the Benefit of the Lord and Freeholders of Hawarden. The annual Sums of 200l. and 50l. charged on the Lands of the undertakers; and which may be distrained on for the same, tsfe. Undertakers to preserve the Navigation of the River on the South Side. Expenses of preparing the Articles, and of passing this Act, to be paid out of the annual Sum of 200l. No Person to ride or drive Cattle over the Banks, but at the Ferries, on Penalty of 5 s. The Articles of Agreement to be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace at Chester, and kept amongst the Records, and the Notice of the Undertakers for taking Possession of the Commons, C Undertakers empowered to make a Call of 20l. percent. upon their Capital, exclusive of the 8l. 10 s. remaining to be called for. Shares of the Defaulters to be stopped, and may be sold after Three Months. The Money called in and paid, to be deemed a Capital Stock. Committee to lay before the Company a State of the Accounts yearly. Act to be expounded in the most beneficial Man ner for the Purposes aforesaid. Roads to be set out.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for erecting several Public Buildings in the City of Edinburgh, and to empower the Trustees therein mentioned to purchase Lands for that Purpose, and also for widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading thereunto.

WHEREAS the City of Edinburgh., the Metropolis of that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, is by reason of its Situation, and the Steepness of the Ascent, and by the narrow and confined Avenues leading to the principal Street thereof, rendered difficult of Access, and the Public '* hath not hitherto been possessed of proper Areas, either for erecting Buildings, or opening Streets and Places of Resort, as well for the Convenience as Ornament of the said City: And whereas at present there is no convenient Repository sufficient to contain the public Archives, Land Rights, and other valuable Securities, transmitted by the several Clerks to the Office under the Care and Keeping of the Lord Clerk Register: And whereas many of the Offices of the several Clerks of the Supreme Courts of Judicatory are feattered in different Parts of the City, to the great Interruption of Business; and the Writings under their Custody are exposed to the Danger of Fire and other Accidents: And whereas there is no public Place or Exchange for the Resort of Merchants or Men of Business, nor any Town House, Hall or Borough Room, for the annual Convention of the Boroughs of Scotland, nor Council Chamber for the Magistrates, fit for the daily Discharge of public Business, nor any Hall for the Clerks of his Majesty's Signet, or convenient Room for the Library belonging to the Faculty of Advocates: And whereas it will be advantageous not only to the City of Edinburgh, but to that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, and to the Public in general, that a more commodious Place be provided for keeping the public Registers of that Part of the United Kingdom, and a Hall built for the Clerks to his Majesty's Signet, and that Offices for the Director of the Chancery, the Keepers of the Records of the great

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 36. 533

Great Seal, the Privy Seal and Signet, the Clerks of Session of Justiciary and Commission for Plantation of Kirks and Valuation of Teinds, as also Offices for the accommodating the Court of Exchquer, the

General Register of Seifins, Hornings and Inhibitions, and for the Clerks of the High Court of Admi ralty, and Commissaries of Edinburgh, be provided contiguous to the House commonly called the Parliament House, where the Courts of Session and Exchequer do now sit; and also that a proper House be

prepared for the Advocates Library, a large Hall or Borrow Room for the Use'of the Borrows of Scotland, and other public Meetings, with a Council Chamber for the Use of the Magistrates; that an Exchange for the Merchants and Men of Business be also provided near the Centre of the City, and con ventent Communications opened to the High Street thereof, from the North, South and West: And whereas the Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh have purchased several decayed Houses

to the House commonly called the Parliament House, where the Courts of Session and Exchequer do now sit, with a View of providing a proper Repofttory for the public Records, and for the

Advocates Library, and proper Offices for the Director of the Chancery, the Keepers of the Great Seal,

Privy Seal and Signet, and Clerks aforesaid, and they have also purchased several decayed Houses in a ' public Place most proper for an Exchange, and have also purchased several Houses in order to make the Passage to the High Street of the City, from the Fields on the North and South, more commodious

And whereas several Noblemen, many of the Members of the College of Justice, and other Gentlemen,

and also the most considerable of the Incorporations of Edinburgh, sensible of the great Benefit that would accrue to the Public by carrying on the said Works, and at the same Time being sensible, that the city of Edinburgh is unable out of its proper Funds to undertake and accomplish the same, have for carrying on the said Design, under the Direction herein after mentioned, agreed to contribute certain Sums of Money, and they and others may hereafter be induced to subscribe further Sums of Money for that Purpose, but such intended Improvements of the City cannot be carried into Execution without the Authority of Parliament; 'Your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Provost, Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh, in Behalf of themselves and the Community of the said City, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the most Noble Archibald Duke of Argyle, Commissioners the most Noble James Duke of Athole, the most Honourable John Marquis of Twedclale, the Right honou names rable James Ear) of Morton, the Right Honourable John Earl of Hopeton, the Right Honourable Charles Arefkine, Lord Justice Clerk; the Honourable Andrew Fletcher of Milton, one of the Senators of the College of Justice; Sir Alexander Dick of Preston Field Baronet, James Dewar of Vogrie Esquire, Master John

Forrest of West Grange, the Right Honourable Robert Dundas, Lord President of the Court of Session: Honourable Sir Gilbert Elliot of Adinto, and the Honourable Hugh Dalrymple of Drummore Esquire, Senators of the College of Justice; the Right Honourable John Idle, Lord Chief Baron of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer; the Honourable John Maule Esquire, one of the Barons of his Majesty's Exchequer, William Alexander Esquire, Lord Provost of Edinburgh; and the Lord Provost of Edinburgh for the Lime being; the Right Honourable William Grant of Preston Grange Esquire, his Majesty's Advocate for Scotland; the Honourable Henry Home of Kaimes Esquire, one of the Senators of the College of Justice; Craigie of Glendock Esquire, Advocate; George Drummond Esquire, one of his Majesty's Commissioners of Excise;

Flint Esquire, Dean of Gild; and the Dean of Gild of Edinburgh for the Time being; Master John Brown, Master James Stewart, Merchants in Edinburgh; James Kerr of Boughtriggs Esquire, Master William Keir, Deacon Convener of the Trades of Edinburgh; and the Deacon Convener of Edinburgh for the Time being; Master Alexander Sharp, and Master Gavin Hamilton, Merchants in Edinburgh; Robert dun etafs the Younger of Arnijloun Esquire, Dean of the Faculty of Advocates; Alexander Bofwall of Auchinleik Esquire, and Gilbert Elliot the Younger of Minto Esquire, Advocates; Master Alexander Mac Millan, Deputy Keeper of his Majesty's Signet; Master Hugh Craufurd, and Master John Mac Kenzie, Clerks to the Signet, and their Successors, shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed Commissionerspublick buim for designing, ordering and causing to be erected, or otherwise provided, in convenient Places within theings to be dc said City, such Buildings as they shall judge proper for the keeping and preserving of the public Records, fi?ncd and elc4*- which are under the Custody, Care and Keeping of the Lord Clerk Register; for a proper library ed* house to the Faculty of Advocates; a Hall for the Clerks to the Signet; atown house, a Hall orborrow 100m, for the annua) Convention of the Commissioners of the Royal Burrows of Scotland, and for the Use of the City of Edinburgh, or other public Occasions; and a Council Chamber for the Use of the Magistrates; as also for building and providing Offices for the Director of the Chancery, the Keepers of the Records of the Great Seal, the Privy Seal and Signet, the Clerks of Session of Justiciary and commission of Tiends; as also Offices for accommodating the Court of Exchequer; and Offices for the General Register of Seifins, Hornings and Inhibitions, and for the Clerks of the High Court of Admiralty and Commissaries of Edinburgh; and for erecting an Exchange for Merchants, and other People of Business to resort to; and for making easy and commodious Access between the High Street of the City and the Country, Northward, Southward and Westward, to the utmost Extent of the present Royalty of the said City.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of the Death or Resignation ofmctbod any of the ten Commissioners herein after named, that is to say, Archibald Duke of Argyle, James dukechouf.ngcom of Athole, John Marquis of Tweddale, James Earl of Morton, John Earl of Hopeton, Charles Arejlcine, andreiu aoncxs n Fletcher, Alexander Dick, James Dewer, or John Forrejl, such of the said ten Commissioners as shall survive, "Jj

or ie£jqs

Meeting of the commissioners,

Adjourned

Meetings

C 36. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

or remain, or the major Part of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, at same public Meeting to be held for that Purpose, elect and nominate a Commissioner to supply. such Vacancy; and in case of the Death or Resignation of the Paid Robert Duntlas, Sir Hilbert Elliot, or Hugh Datrymple, the Senators of the College of Justice shall and may in like manner elect a Commissioner in his Stead; and in case of the Death or r dignation of the Paid John Idle or John Maule, the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in scot land shall and may in lice manner cledt a Commissioner in his Stead; and in case of the Death or Resignation of the said Robert Dttndas, Alexander Bofwall, or Gilbert Elliot, the Dean and Faculty of Advocates shall and may in like manner elect a Commissioner in his Stead; and in case of the Death or Resignation of the sail Alexander Adac Millan, Hugh Craivfurd, or John Mac Kenzie, the Clerks of the Signet shall and may in like manner elect a Commissioner in his Stead; and in case of the Death or Resignation of the said William Alexander, William Grant, Henry Home, Robert Craigie, George Drummond, David Flint, John Brown, James Stewart, James Kerr, William Heir, Alexander Sharp, or Gavin Hamilton, the Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh Pnall and may in like manner elect a Commissioner in his Stead; and in case of the Death or Resignation of any of the Persons so elected as aforesaid, that then and in every such Case, such of the said ten Persons as shall survive or remain, the said Senators of the College of Justice, the said Barons of Exchequer, the said Faculty of Advocates, the said Clerks of the Signet, the said Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh, shall respectively from Time to Time, as often as any such Vacancy shall happen, and in like manner elect a Commissioner in his Place or Stead.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners aforesaid, or any seven or more of them, shall meet together at the Room called The laigh Council House in Edinburgh, the third Monday in June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and firty three, and shall then and afterwards from Time to Time adjourn themselves to the same or any other Place wi hin the fa; d City of Edinburgh, which the sail Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper or convenient, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act, or any of the Powers therein contained, into Execution; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting which shall be appointed to be held by the said Commissioners a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act at such Meeting, then and in such case the major part of the Commissioners lo met (though not a sluorum) shall by public Notice in any of the Edinburgh News Papers, to be given at leaf! ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the Place where the Met ting of the said Commissioners was so appointed to be held, within fifteen Days at furthest next after the Day on which such last Meeting of the said Commissioners, when there was no Quorum, was appointed to beheld; and the said Commissioners shall at all and every their Meetings bear and pay their own Charges and Expenses.

IV. And to the Intent that an Exchange may be erected near the Centre of the City; Be it enacted by My contract for the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall have full Power and to build at)c] Authority to agree with the Owners and Occupiers of such Houses and grounds as lie on the North

Side of the High Street, bounded by the Entry to the tenement or Land commonly called the Writer's Court on the West, the stone land immediately below allen's Close, commonly called fair holm's Land oil the East, the High Street of the said City on the South, and the Lake commonly called the North Loch, on the North Parts, being one hundred and fifty Feet from East to West on the South Boundary fronting the pjigh Street, comprehending the whole Houses and Ground Northward from the said South Boundary to the North Loch, and to purchase the same at such Prices as shall be agreed on between the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and the said Owners and Occupiers respectively; and being so purchased, with Power to the said Commissioners to order the said Houses to be pulled down, and an Exchange to be erected in such Form and Manner as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them regularly convened, shall appoint and direct.*

V. And for the more commodious Access to the High Street of the said City from the Fields on the North, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of

...^ them, shall have full Power and Authority to agree with the Owners and Occupiers of such Houses and

of 1 he ciry from Grounds as lie on the North Side of the High Street of the said City, bounded by the great Tenement or the Fields on Land opposite to the Trine Church commonly called Adilns Square, and the lower Flesh Market on the

the North; ye(? the Vessel or Passage called halkeston's ivynd on the High Street of the said City on the South, and the Park or Incloltuv, commonly called Lord forglen's Park, on the North Parts, including within the said Boundaries the Range of Houses commonly called kincaid's Lands, the House or Tenement commonly called howies's Land, the Houses on the Side of the North Loch, belonging to the Heirs of Charles Robert sin, with some ruinous Houses or Stables on the West Side of Halkerjton tvynd, belonging to the Heirs of Robert Reid Sadler in Edinburgh; and measuring forty Feet from East to West on the South Boundary fronting the High Street, and widening to the Northward to about sixty Feet, and to purchase the - premift es at such rices as final 1 be agreed on between the said Commissioners, or any leven or more of them, and the said Owners and Occupiers rei peblively, and to order the fin'd Houses so purchased to be pulled down, and the Ground or Area to be employed in such manner as the said Commissioners, or any fitven or more of them, shall appoint, for rendering the Access to the said City and High Street thereof from the North Parts inoreeafy and commodious.

VI. And for opening convenient Entries from the High Street to the South, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, after agreeing with the Owners and Occupiers in manner herein after mentioned, shall have full Power and Authority to cause a commodious Pa II age to be made for Coaches azid Wheel Carriages from the High Street to the Cowgate, not

erected on that Area where the

House

Commissioners may La' an Exchange,

and for opening a more commodious Access to the High Street

and for.opening coavt.n tnt Entries nom the High Srieet to ihe South j

exceeding twenty Feet in Breadth, beginning under the Building to b

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 36. 535

House commonly called Elphingston s Land lately flood, near the Cross, and comprehending within the said Passage, the three Buildings belonging to the Heirs of Georgs Marshall and the Heirs of William Hunter; as also the Houses or Buildings in botbivick's cjofc after mentioned; videlicet, the Middle and Lower Tenements belonging to the Heirs of the said George Marshall, and federal Houses betwixt that Tenement and the Street of the Cowgate, comprehending the House belonging to Alexander Hutton, the House sometime belonging to the Heirs of Corfon or Joknfton, and now to the said Alexander Hutton, the House belonging to Robert Bozuie, and the House some Time belonging to the Heirs of the said Corfon or Johnjhn, and now to John Rattery; and for that Purpose, if it shall be found necessary, to cause the Gavel of the House called Arthur reid's Land, on the East of the said Area, to be taken down and rebuilt; as also to open a Street from the Head of Peebles Wynd on the North, to the Head of hajlic's Close on the South, no: exceeding sixty Feet in Breadth from Last to West; and that the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to agree wi h the Owners and Occupiers of such Houses or Areas as fall within the Limits of the said Street and Passage, and to purchase the same at such Prices as shall be agreed on betwixt the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and the said Owners and Occupiers respectively, and to order the said Houses so purchased to be pulled down, the Areas to be clared, and the said Street and Pass go to be laid or paved in such manner as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall appoint.

VIE And for the more commodious Aecefs to the High Street of the said City from the West, Be it and fora more enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to agree with the Owners and Occupiers of such houses and Grounds as stretch street from from the House and Stabling at the Foot of the West Bow, known by the Name of 77*? Drovers try/le, in West, a straight Line Eastward, to the Top of henderson's Stairs, at the Back of the Parliament or Section House, not exceeding one hundred Feet in Breadth, and then in a stra ght Line from the Top of the said Stairs to the Pligh Street, at the Head of Bess Wynd, not exceeding forty Feet in Breadth, and to purchase the pre misses at such Prices as shall be agreed on between the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and the said Owners and Occupiers resp^blively, and to order the said Houses io purchased to be pulled down, and the Ground or Area to be employed in such manner as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them shall appoint, for rendering the Access to the Pligh Street of the said City, from the West Parts, more easy and commodious, and otherways improving the said City within the said Boundaries.

VIII. And be it declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to the Magistrates and

and Council of the City of Edinburgh, and their Successors, to give, grant, alien and dispone to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nominate and r, neflnds appoint in their Behalf, all or any such Houses, Lands or Premises, purchased or which may be purchased purchased by by the said City, or belonging to them, which may be proper or convenient for carrying on the aforesaid them for the Works.'Purposes afora

laid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or Commissioners more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to agree with the Owners and Occupiers of such aether agree with Houses and Grounds as they shall find necessary for carrying on the said Works, and to purchase the fameofothe^ho'ufei at such Prices as shall be agreed on between the said Commissioners and the said Owners and Occupiers an(j Ground!, respectively, and to order the said Houses so purchased to be pulled down, rebuilt or employed, for the Purposes aforesaid.

X. And whereas it may happen that some Person or Persons, or bodi.s Politic, Corporate or Colie giate, or Trustees, or others who are seized of or entitled to some Houses, Ground which may be necessary to be purchased, pulled down, converted or disposed of, for the Purposes of this Act, may be

nnllitirv ex ti pof '1 n r 1 tiotpf> tr\ fp»il; nnn h/hiige nr ibrnnii^ in nrdor In nlpfnl onrl r i oefn nr o

lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustees, Tutors or Curators for Infants p^ered^to felt or Minors, Idiots or furious Persons, or other Persons for whom they are Trustees, and for all and every to the commit other Person or Persons whatsoever who are or shall be seized, possessed of or interested in any Houselionets, or Houses, or Grounds, which the said Commissioners shall judge necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, whether by Titles held in fce simple or taillied, to sell and convey to the said Commissioners, or any' seven or more of them; or their Successors, or to such other Person. or Persons as they shall appoint, all or any such Houses and Grou; ds, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; that all Contracts,

Agreements, Sales or other Conveyances that shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes; Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: And that all Trustees, Tutors or Curators, Corporations, Proprietors or Incumbrancers, fub jebl to Taillies, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act.

XI. Provided, That where Houses, Shops or Grounds, under Entail, are purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, the Price of the Premises shall by Authority of the Court of Session be laid out upon Land, pc "toa'b'set° or other heretable Security, and the Rights and Securities devised and taken to the same Series of Heirs tied to the fams as are con.ained in the original Title Deeds of the Subjects under Entail, purchased for the Uses afore tiles, said: And if it shall happen that any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, t'erfens; r<f'f'ris whether the City of Edinburgh, or others, or any Persons, Proprietors or Occupiers of Houses or Grounds commirlrf i '1*where the Exchange is to be built, or the Passages to the Southwest and North opened, lying within the Purchase to

the be settled by a

C 36.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1733.

witnesses may be summoned and examined on Oath.

Jury to assess the Damage and Recompense on Oath

and Commissioners to give Judgement there on,

the Boundaries defeubed as aforesaid respectively, shall refuse to treat and agree to sell the same as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby empowered to issue out a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriff Depute of the County o (Edinburgh, or his Substitute, commanding him, and he is hereby authorised and required to impanel and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons, not less than twenty-five, nor more than thirty-six; and out of such Persons so to be summoned and returned, a Jury of fifteen Persons shall be chosen by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them; which Persons so to be summoned and returned, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at such Times and Places as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen: And the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorised, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall be thought proper or necessary to be examined as Witnesses before them touching or concerning the Premises, and to send their Precept or Precepts for all such Person or Persons, who are hereby required to produce such Books, Papers, Deeds and Writings, as the said Commissioners shall think necessary for their Information in anything relating to this Act; and shall and may administer Oaths for the better Discovery of the Truth of the Inquiry by them to be made to any Person or Persons therein concerned, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever; and shall and may likewise authorise the said Jury to view the Place or Places, or Matters in question, as they the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think fit: And the said Jury upon their Oaths, to be administered by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, which Oaths, as also the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, or to be examined before the Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, they are hereby empowered and required to administer, shall inquire of and assess such Damage and Recompense as they shall judge fit to be awarded to the Owners and Occupiers, or any of them, of any such Houses or Ground, or any Part thereof, for their respective Estates and Interests in the same, as by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall be judged fit to be pulled clown or converted to the Purposes aforesaid; the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them assembled together, shall and may give Judgement for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed by such Jury or Juries respectively; which said Verdict or ver didts, and the Judgement, Decree or Determination thereupon declared and pronounced by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them assembled together, and the Value or Recompense so to be assessed and declared, (Notice in Writing being first given of their Meeting at leaf! twenty Days before, declaring the Time and Place of their Meeting, to any Person concerned, or being left at the dwelling house of such Person concerned, or at his or their usual Place of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Lands, Grounds or Tenements, to be pulled down, converted or affected by this Act, in case such Party cannot otherways be found out to be served with such Notice) shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever against all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, having or claiming any Right, Title, Trustor Interest in, to or out of the said House, Grounds, Tenements and Premises, to be affected by this Act, either in Fee or life rent, or Expectancy, as well Infants, Minors, Idiots or furious Persons, Proprietors by Tailly, life renters, Lessees or Tenants, his, the same to beinher anc[ their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators; the said Verdicts, Judgments, Orders, Writing, and Sentences and Decrees, and the other Proceedings of the said Commissioners so to be made, given and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on a Paper or Parchment by the Commissioners Clerk, and signed by any seven or more of the Commissioners present at the making and pronouncing the same, and shall be recorded in the town court Books of Edinburgh; and the same, or Extracts thereof, shall be deemed and taken as good and effectual Evidence and Proof in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more 'ornes i them acting in the Premises, shall have Power to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines, not exceeding I: i2 0 uty., five pouncis lawful Money of Great Britain, on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries, and shall not appear, and who shall refuse to be so sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn, shall not give his or their Verdidh, or in any other manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and likewise upon such Person or Persons summoned as aforesaid to give Evidence, and who shall neglect or refuse to appear to give Evidence accordingly at such Time or Times, Place or Places, as shall be limited or appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn, give Evidence, or be examined by or before the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them; and also on such Person or Persons summoned as aforesaid to produce Books, Papers, Deeds and Writings, before the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, for their Information in anything relating to this Act, who shall neglect or refuse to appear before the said Commissioners, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn or produce such Books, Papers, Deeds or Writings as aforesaid; which respective Fines to be imposed as aforesaid, shall be levied in a fumniary Way, by Diligence issued from the Court of Session, in the same Way that is competent upon.decrees of that Court.; and when levied, shall be paid in to the Cashier of the Bank of sect land, or the Royal Bank of Scotland, and shall be applied by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to the Purpose of this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

which shall be binding j

signed by the Commissioners

Sec. may

Application of the Fines.

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 36. 537

XIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That upon Payment of Rich Sum or Sums of Money so to upon payment he awarded or adjudged to the Party or Parties concerned, or legal Tenders thereof made to him, her or r Tender or the them respectively, at his her or their dwelling house, in case such Party or Parties can be met with, and*1 on Refusal of the same, or if he, she or they have no such dwelling house in Edinburgh, then upon Payment thereof into the Bank of Scotland, or into thfe Royal Bank of Scotland, for the tjfe of the Party or Parties interested as aforesaid, and to be issued to him, her or them, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and Notice of such Payment left in Writing at the dwelling house of some Tenant and Occupier of the Premises, it shall then, " and not before, or otherwise, be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and their Successors, and to and for their Agents and Wdrkmen, to remove, pull down, {, e Cm, order, convert and dispose of such Houses, Tenements, Buildings, Ground and Premises, for the P Ur nt rs may enur poses of this Aift, in such manner as the said Commissioners, or any Even or more of them, shall see fit and puit down expedient; and the said Commissioners shall be indemnified therein, and quieted in the Possession of the prc thehl ufo ic' mi lies so to be ordered, converted and disposed of, by Virtue and under the Authority of this present Act:; provided that previous Notice shall be given to the Tenants and Occupiers of such Houses so to be pulled Previous Notice' down, three Calendar Months at least before the Term of jfhitfnnday, at which the said Tenants or Occu 1° be, vcn 10

giers are to be removed, by affixing a Schedule to that Effect upon the most patent Door of such House or the °ecupl"rs' [oilfes, or delivering the same to the principal Tenant or Occupier of the same; which Schedule shall be ordered and appointed, and so delivered and affixed by Order of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and an Advertisment thereof shall be inserted in any of the Edinburgh News Papers; and in Disputesbctwesa case any Dispute shall arise between the Parties claiming or entitled to different Interest in the Houses, the Claimants Grounds, Tenements and Hereditaments, necessary to be purchased, pulled down, converted or disposed of, how to be '*c' for the purposes of this Act, or in case the Title to the same Premises shall not appear sufficient and effee ju lc tual to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, then and in such Case after such Damage and Recompense assessed or awarded by the Verdict of a Jury, and such Decree, Judgement and Determination of the Commissioners thereupon as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to pay or direct the Money so to be awarded or adjudged for the Purchase of the premifl es into either of the aforesaid Banks, or otherwise at the Request of the Person or Persons wholhall then be in Possession of the same, or into the Hands of the Magistrates and Town Council of Edinburgh, and their Treasurer for the Time being, in the Terms, and upon the Conditions mentioned in an Act of the parliament of Scotland, made in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety five, entitled, '

Act relating to Sale and Payment of Bankrupts estates, but with Interest as hereafter mentioned; there to re 'aft in the Veer main untii the Matters in Dispute between the Parties interested shall be settled and adjusted, or the Title of the Premises cleared up or made out to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them; and after the same shall be so settled, adjusted, and made up, the Money consigned as aforesaid, shall be paid by the City of Edinburgh or its Treasurer, with Interest thereof, at the Rate of one per Centum below The Money to be the legal Interest, or by the said Bank, or their Cashier, to the Order of the said Commissioners, or any paid with in seven or more of them; and after such Payment into either of the said Banks, or Consignation thereof asterest aforesaid, it shall then, and not before, or otherways, be lawful for and to the said Commissioners and their After paym nt, Successors, or any seven or more of them, and for and to their Agents and Workmen, to remove, pull Commissioners down, order, convert, and dispose of such Houses, Tenements, Buildings, and Prenatiffes, pursuant tomayenter> & c' and by the Authority of, and for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall be indemnified therein, and quieted in the Possession thereof, and shall not be answerable or accountable in any Court of Law or Equity, for the Money so deposited or applied as aforesaid, any otherways than according to the Tenor, Purport, and true Meaning of this Act; and if there shall be no Challenge for five Years, from and after the Consignation of such Price, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to issue their Warrant in Writing for Payment of such Price and Interest,

of

as shall be due such House or

thereon, to the Person or Persons who were in Possession as Proprietor or Proprietors Houses, at the Time the same were pulled down.

XIV. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any of seven or more of them, shall have the sole Administration of the Money contributed and subscribed for, orw.l).5ve thl At that maybe contributed or subscribed for, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to call for the same ^mon guh from the Subscribers at such Time, and by such Moieties, as they shall judge proper, with Power to them, scribedtand" to or any seven or more of them, to employ the same in making Purchases for the Purposes aforesaid, and to call for the same, take the Rights and Conveyances of the Purchases so to be made to the said Commissioners and their Successors in Office, or to such Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them shall direct, for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution, after deducting the reasonable Charges expended, or to be expended in or about, or by reason of passing this Act, and for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, and no otherways.

XV. And whereas diverse Houses, or other Hereditaments, lying and situated within the Limits hnd V Boundaries above described, or some of them, have been, and are insured with and by the Corporation called and known by the Name of The Edinburgh Friendly Infurame against Lojfcs by Fire; and the Premiums of Insurance for some of them are or may be paid, as the Premiums for others of them are, at the Time of the Demolition thereof in consequence of this present Act, may be owing, and thebonds for Rich Premiums are made a real Burden on the Premises insured, by virtue of a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain the Acts of the third and I Geo. 1. c. 1a. ninth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots on every Pint of Ale and

Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, in relation to the Payment of Petty Port Customs, and for the more effectual

538 C 36-

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

securing the Payment of such Money, as hath been or fall be contributed tnvarcls a charitable Fundfor Re ' lies of such as shall suffer by Fire in the said City, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereofnow for the preventing ail Disputes and Questions touching the said Premiums, or touching the Application and Explanation of same of the Articles of the said friendly Insurance, upon the Demolition of any such insured Pre premiom paid ornii{les, Be it enacted, That in all Cases where the Premium for Insurance of any House, or other Subject ^uhcufesfurjaceinfuredwith the said Corporation, and which shall be pulled down in consequence of the Powers and au vlvcwbjl be thorities hereby given, shall have been paid before such Demolition, the said Premium shall, notwithstand pulltd down io ing of such Demolition, remain with the said Corporation; and no Action shall lie in Law or Equity for luini gooj. Repetition thereof, or of any Interest arising thereon; and that in all Cases where such Premium shall be owing at the Time of such Demolition, the same, and all the Interest due thereupon for the Time, shall be payable and shall be paid out of the first and readiest of the Price affelled or payable for such House, or other Hereditament, immediately after the same is settled, before demolishing the Hereditament insured, and notwithstanding of any Dispute which may arise concerning the Title thereunto, or the Payment or distribution of the P, emainderof the said Price, if the Personin

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if the Person entitled to any Policy of Insurance titl <11 to the po by the said Corporation, for any such demolished House or other Hereditament, shall choose to insure with

w iiflve m dsc said Corporation any House or other Hereditament, whether rebuilt on the same Foundation with the

aether lioufahe0110 demolished, or built elsewhere, then and in such case, the said Corporation shall be obliged to allow Corporation to the Premium paid or to be paid as aforesaid, for the demolished House or other Hereditament, as and for the allow the Pie Premium in Terms of their Articles of Copartner, of the like Value, to be insured on such new or other u.iem. House, or other Hereditament; and that the proportional Interest in the Stock of the said Corporation

and Fronts thereof, which was annexed to and would have gone along with the demolished House, or other Hereditament, shall be annexed to and go along with the House, or other Hereditament so to be anew insured; thing to the contrary in the Articles of the said Corporation notwithstanding.

Commissioners

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

ai.iy lett or fc: i the Lid Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby required to let, fell, and dif the Buildings pose of the Buildings, to be by them erected at the intended Exchange, or elsewhere, (other than those that tutted by them; are to be rent free as aforementioned) and they are hereby empowered to let, fell, and dispose of the same to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contrail, agree for, or purchase the same, in Whole or in Part, and to apply the price or Rents arising from the Premises to the Purposes of this act, and no: otherwise.

XVIII. And whereas by means of the Purchases which the Commissioners are hereby empowered to make by virtue of this Act, they may be polrffed of some Piece or Parcel of Ground, over and above and such Ground what maybe necessary for the opening and widening of Ways, Streets, and Paffiges to and from the as shall not be High Street, and other Purposes of this ait be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it necessary to be shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to let, fell, or tukun into the dispose of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find most advanta and mvy assign house and convenient, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contrait, agree for, or purchase the in what Manner lame; and to design, assign, and lay out, in what manner the new Houses or Struitures to be built thereon the Houses shall shall be ereited, and of what Breadth and Extent the Streets and Pafi ages shall be, and to sell and dispose be err died, and of the Materials of such House or Houses, as the said Commissioners shall purchase and cause to be pulled thesueett down as aforesaid.

Application of

XIX. Provided always, That the Moneys arising by the Sale or letting of such Ground, and selling the the Moneys ari Materials of the Houses to be purchased and pulled down, shall be employed towards the Purposes of this sing by Sale, C Act, and to no other Ule, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

of Inch Ground, or of the Materials.

Contributions, and other Moneys, to be paid into the Bank.

Lord Clerk Register not to be prejudiced. Buildings ereebed for the publick Offices to be the Property of the C: y.

Commissioners to meet four Times at lear in the Year j

their sir A Meet

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Moneys to be called for by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them as aforesaid, from the Subscribers and Contributors, and all other Sums of Money arising by Sale or otherways, in Consequence of this Add, shall be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to be issued out by Order of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them as aforesaid, for the Uses and Purposes of this present Act.

XXI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend to abridge or prejudice the Power of the Lord Clerk Register in the Custody of the Records commit ed to his Care.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Buildings to be erected for the keeping the Records, under the Custody of the Lord Register, and for the Advocates Library, and Hall to the Clerks to the Signet, the town house or Room for the Meeting of the Convention of koval Borrows and Council Chamber, shall be the Property of the City of Edinburgh; nevertheless subject to the Uses for which the same shall be erected, and rent free; provided that the Magistrates and Town Council of the City of Edinburgh, and their Successors in Office, shall be and are hereby obliged to uphold in good and sufficient Repair, the said Buildings to be creeled for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXIII. And that no Delay maybe occasioned by the said Commissioners or their Quorum not meeting, or omitting to make a regular Adjournment; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby required and directed to meet atleaft four Times in every Year; videlicet, on the third Mondays of the Months of 'juno and 'july, November and February, with Power to adjourn themselves, from Time to Time, as they shall see Cause.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at their first Meeting, which shall be on the third

'Mona.

D. 175, 3. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 37 — 43. 539

Monday in June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, or at any after meeting in virtue of the Powers of Adjournment in this Act contained, to determine and clioofe which of the Order of carry purposes aforesaid shall be first begun and carried into Execution, and with Power to them and their suc >ngon ihe pur cessors in virtue of this Add, from time to time to regulate the Order of carrying on the several Purposes Poles 1, 1 this Act mentioned in this Add, or such of these Purposes asdicy hall find themselves in Condition to undertake, 10 be fottle<1 during the Continuance of this Add. C

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for thecom"a(y said Commissioners and their Successors, and they are hereby authorised and required to keep a Record" their Proof their Proceedings, and to cause a distindd Entry to be made of the Whole Sums that are or may be con ccedinp, and of tributed towards the Purposes of this Add; and to nominate a Clerk and bookkeeper for that Purpose, andihe Sum contri allow them for their Trouble and Expense a yearly Salary, to be proportioned as the said Commissioners butell

shall judge proper, not exceeding twenty-five Pounds, lawful Money of Great Britain, for the allowance^!p,: rab ok "to both, for themselves and Servants employed in Writing; and the said Commissioners are hereby requiredchokn, and a diefore the Expiration of this Add, to cause their Books to be balianced; and in case there shall be any suinsalary to be E'; or sums of Money, Buildings, Houses, Grounds, or other Effects undisposed of, then and in that cafelowe<i> the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to appoint the Purposes to which the same shall for^tl e be applied for the further Improvements of the said City, or any other Purpose in or about the City, theyezp^arionof shall think fit; and to make over the said Excrescence and Premises remaining with them, if any then be, this Act, and to the Magistrates and Council, of the City of Edinburgh, for the Use of the Community; and the said the eailance.&c. Magistrates and Council, and their Successors in Office, are hereby appointed and required to em j? 0jtln ploy and dispose of the Premises and Sums so conveyed to them by the Commissioners, in the precise manw"'01 ner, and according to the Order that the same shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or dny seven or note of them, to be expressed in Writing under their Hands, which shall be put upon Record in the Books of Council and Session, or Town Court Books oi Edinburgh, and be deemed, held, and taken by the said Magistrates and Council, as the Rule of their Procedure.

XXVI. And it is hereby declared, That this Act is a publick Act, and shall be deemed and taken Notice puuick aa of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, in all Courts and Places, without specially pleading the same.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in Continuant of Force until the third Monday in June in the Year of ouialord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, fothis ak.

far as relates to the purchasing of Houses, Buildings and Grounds, and no longer; but that this Act, as to all other the Powers and Matters therein contained, shall continue and be in Force, until the third Monday in June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Penrith in the County of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall, over Skelton and Castlefewerby Pastures, and Sebraham Bridge, to Chalkbeck in the said County; and also the road which branches and separates from the same Road upon cashefowerby Pqfture aforesaid, and leads from thence through Hejket, otherwise Hejhet New Market, to Caldbeck in the said County.

PR.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, to rebuild the Church

of the said Parish.

PR.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bezvdley, in the County of ifoy cejtirfxa the several Places therein mentioned in the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively. PR.,

CAP. XL

An Act for repairing the Roads from the City of Carlife to the Town of Penrith in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith, to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and jvejbnoreland.

PR.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for continuing and making more effehual three Acts of Parliament passed in the ninth and twelfth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between dun/iable and Hockliffe in the County of Bedford', and also for repairing the Road from the Sign of the jvhiie horj'e to the Sign of the King's Arms in Hockliffe aforesaid.

PR.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Seen! Street, in the County of ivilts, to the Horse and Jockey in the Parish of Box in the said County. P R,

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for enlarging the churchyard of the Parish of Paddington in the County of Middlesex, P R,

A.D. 1753.

540 G. 44 — 56. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Pact of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or sold within the Town of Dyfart and Liberties thereof, and all Places adjacent, lying within three hundred Yards of the Boundaries of the paid Liberties, for repairing, improving and preserving the Harbour of the said Town.

PR.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for building a new Church within the Town of Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

PR.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of

Afloby etc la Zouch in the said County.

PR.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the market house in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop and Warwick respectively.

PR.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highroad leading from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to Tyne Bridge in the said County.

PR.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and seaport Town of Workington in the said County.

PR.

CAP. L

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Redstone Ferry in the County of Worcester, to the Hundred House, and from thence to Monckjbridge in the Road to the Town of Taibury, and from the said Hundred Hoitfe to the said Town of Tenbury in the said County.

PR.

CAP. LI.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Place called Basing stone, near the Town of bng/hot in the Parish of Windlesham in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham in the same County; and from thence through Bentley, Hollyborn, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, bishop's Sutton, New Alresford and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of Winchester in the County of Southampton.

PR.

CAP. LII.

An Act for widening and repairing the Highroad leading from Heron Sykc, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and jvefimoreland, to the Town of Kirkby in 'kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkhy in Kendal, through the Town of Shapp, to Emont Bridge in the said County of jve/lmoreland,

PR.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to continue and render more effectual three Acts of Parliament passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the third and twenty second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sherbroke Hill, near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport in the County of Chester, to Manchester in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned; and for repairing the Road from the School H use in Didjlmry, to the Bridge in ivhnjloiu in the County of Chester; and for erecting a Bridge over the River Mersey - R.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Fllmwell Vent in the Parish of Ticchurst in the County of Stffex, to the Town and Port of hq/lings in the said County.

PR.

CAP. LV.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney to Stanford Hill, and o ofs Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End in the County of Middlesex.

PR.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for continuing and giving further Powers to the Trustees for putting in Execution two Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield in the County q! Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and other Roads in the Lid Acts mentioned.

PR.

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 57 — 69.

Cap. LVII

An Act for raising a Sum of Money by a County Rate, for purchasing a proper Prison for Debtors in the County of Devon.

PR.

CAP. LVIIR

An Act for building a Chapel on the Common, in the Parish of Portsea in the County of Southampton, and for veiling Power in certain Trustees for the Regulation thereof.

PR.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent in the County of Stafford., through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby in the County of Derby.

PR.

CAP. LX.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill in the Parish of Donhead» Saint Andrew in the County of (Hilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Melbourne Port and Sherbourns in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Halfway House in the Parish of Nether otherwise Lovoer Compton in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sheri on me aforesaid.

PR.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an AR passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leaditig from Ealand to the Town of Leeds in the jveji Riding of the County of York.

PR.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Henfjails Smithy upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere and Bucklow Hill, to the Town of Altrincham in the County Palatine of Chester; from the said Guide Post to Warrington in the County of lancaster > from Bucklow Hill aforesaid to penny's Lane near Northwich in the said County of Chester.

PR.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place in the Town of Salford, to the Towns of Warrington and Bolton, and through Wardley Lane, to the Town of jvigan, and to the Stocks in the Township of Duxbury, and to a Place called the Broad Oak in Worseley in the County Palatine of lancaster.

PR.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Tadcaster through Newton, Gollingham, Hamvood, Arlington and Pool, to Otley in the West Riding of the County of York.

PR.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for enlaring the Term and Powers granted by two ars of Parliament, one passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the nineteenth year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpoole to Prefcot, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and all'o for repairing the Road from Prefcot through Whiflon, rain hill, Bold and Sankey, to the Town of iharrington, and also the Road from Saint Helen to Afiton in the said County Palatine.

PR.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobccmb Corner in the Parish of Wmterfow, to Harnbam Bridge in the County of I Hi Its; and from the West Corner of Saint anne's Street in the City of New Sarmn, to the Parishes of Land ford and Brook; and from thence to Ealing, and from Land ford aforesaid, through Ower and Tefhvoed, to Ealing aforesaid in the County of Southampton.

PR.

CAP. LXVII

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Borough under Stainmore in the County of Westmoreland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Emont Bridge in the said County. P R,

CAP. LXVIII -

An Act for amending, widening and repairing the Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs in the County of Kent.

PR.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Halfway House in the Parish of Lower Comptonin the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crfwkeme and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axm'nfler in the Chunty of Devon, and several other Roads, round the said Town of Yeovil in the County of Somerset.

PR.

C 70 — 83.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1753.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Hand and poj} in Upton Field in the Parish of Burford in the County of Oxford, through the several Parishes within mentioned, to a Place in the Parish of puf ion in the County of Gkueefer, called dancy's Fancy.

PR.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned leading to and from the Towns of Shepton Mallet and Ivelchester in the County of Somerset,

PR.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for continuing and making more effectual two Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads leading from Ipfiuich to Cleydon in the County of Suffolk, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the Road from Cleydon aforesaid, to Codenham Beacon in the said County.

PR.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to continue and render more effectual two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firli, and the other passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch, to the Bottom of Meredon Hill in the County of Warwick, and for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Meredon Hill aforesaid, to Stone Bridge in the said County.

PR.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter;

PR.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for widening and repairing the Highroad leading from Northallerton, to the South Wall of the

'churchyard of the Town of Fhirjk, and from the South East End of the Street called Finkell Street in 'thirfk aforesaid, to and through the Town of Eafmgwold in the County, of Tori, to a Place called Burton Stone, near the City of York; and also the Road from Thirf aforesaid, to Topcl ffe in the North Riding of the County of York.

PR.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from piper's Inn in the Parish of asheott in the County of Somerset, to and through glq/lon otherwise Glastonbury, and I Veils to the Direction or White Post in the great yyeftcm Road to the City of Bath; and also from Wells to Ruth Hill, leading to the City of Bristol.

PR.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to explain and make more effectual an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's, Reign, For repairing the Roads from Doncaster through Ferry Bridge to the South Side of Tadcaller Cross; also from Ferry Bridge to W etherby, and from thence to Borough Bridge in the County of York.

PR.

CAP. L XXVIII

An Act to widen and repair the Road from the Guide Post near the End of Drayton Lane near Banbury in

'the County of Oxford, to the House called the Sun Rising at the Top of Edge Hill in the County of ivar wick.

PR.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or a sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scotts Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or sold within the Town afui Parish

P ref on Pans in the Shire of East Lothian, otherwise Hdddingtoun, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

PR.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex.

PR.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for repairing the Roads from Livingftoun by the Kirk of Shotts to the City of Glafgcic, and by the Town of Hamilton to the Town of Stratbaven.

PR.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at Buckton Bourn in the County of Durham through Berwick upon Tweed, to Lamcrton Hill, and also the several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County and within the Liberties of the said Tonne 11 of Berwick.

PR.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Kighley to Wakefield and Halifax, and from Dudley Hill to kil/ingba/l, and the Southwest Corner of Harrowgate inclo sures, and more efredlually to repair the Roads from Leeds to Halifax and Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, and for building a Bridge over the River wharf at Pool in the West Riding of the County of York. PR. (

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

C 84 — 96. 5+3

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Span Smithy in the Township of Elton, through the Town of Middlewich, and by Spittle Hill in Stanthorne, to ivinsford Bridge; and from Spittle Hill to the Town of Nortlnvich in the County Palatine of Chester.

PR.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for repairing the Road from Ashbyy de la Zouch in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon Trent in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn in Tutbury in the said County.

PR.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for repairing, amending and widening the Road from Ilieghley in the West Riding in the County of

York, to Kirkby in Kendal in the County of ivcfhnorland.

PR.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Stones End near Shoreditch Church, to the Centre of the Bridge in Old Street Road, and through Old Street in the Parish of Saint Luke, Middlesex, to the West End of the said Street next the Pavement in Goswell Street.

PR.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Oundle in the County of Northampton, to Alconbury cum Weston in the County of Huntingdon, from Barnwell in the said County of Northampton, to Alconbury cum Westcn aforesaid, and from the Mile Brook in Hanurton, to wood Lane End next the Parish of Great Gidding in the said County of Huntingdon.

PR.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for explaining, amending and making more effectual two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the highroad leading from the Tozun of Stockton upon Tees in the County of Durham, to Darlington, and from thence through VIN, stone to Bernard Cattle in the said County; and the other passed in the twenty second Year of his said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said first nuntioned Att, and for the effectual amending of the said Road.

PR.

CAP. XC.

An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow.

PR.

CAP. XCI h

An Act for repairing the Road from North Qgieens Ferry through the Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross, to the Town of Perth, and also the Road irom the said Queen's Ferry, to the Towns of Dunfermline, Torryburn and Culrofs -, and also the Road from the said qiteen's Ferry, through Inverkeithing, to Bruntifand and Kirkaldie, PR.,

CAP. XCII.

An Act for repairing, amending and widening the several Roads leading from the Red Pofi in the Parish of Fivebcad, through the Towns of Langport and Somerton, to Butivelland also from Curry Rivel to puck irgton Lane, and from Carry Bridge to Street Cross in the County of Somerset.

PR.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads in the County of Peebles leading from Tweed Cross towards the City of Edinburgh by Blithe Bridge, La Mancha and ivheam, and by Linton and car/ops, and from Ingleflou through Garlops, until all the said Roads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh, r R.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to enable the Owners of Houses and Lands in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, and the Inhabitants thereof, to repair the Church and Steeple belonging to the said Parish.

PR.

CAP. XCV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, entitled.

An Act for repairing the Road hading from Catherick Bridge in the County of York, to Yarm in the said County, and from thence to Stockton in the County of Durham -, and from thence through Sedgefield in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham.

PR.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or sold within the Town of Paifiy. and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for improving the Navigation of the River Cart, and for other Purposes.

PR.

A.D. 1753.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, and for cleansing the Streets and repairing the Highways within the said Parish.

PR.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Christ Church in the County of middle sexto purchase, hire or erect a Workhouse for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein.

PR.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for enlightening the Streets, passages and open Places within the City of Gbichester and several Places adjoining thereto, and the Close within the said City.

PR.

CAP. C.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parish of East Greenwich in the County of Kent, and for repairing the Highways and cleansing the Streets thereof.

PR.

CAP. CI.

An Act to enable James Mallors to open a Street from the West Side of King's Street in the Parish of Saint Margaret in the City of Westminster, to the Back Part of the Houses, Gardens and Yards on the West Side "of Delahay Street in the same Parish, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Anno Regni

GEORGII II. Regis Magnze Britannia, Francis & Hibernise, vicesimo septimo.

C AT the Parliament begun and held at Westi unsler the tenth Day of November, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, in the twenty first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign

dl a Lord GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the fifteenth s Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three. Being the seventh Session of this presents Parliament

CAP. I.

An Act to repeal an Act: of the twenty sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, entitled, anacl to permit Persons prof effing the Jewish Religion to be naturalised by Parliament; and for aether Purposes therein mentioned.

a6 Geo. 2. C C

The recited Act repealed.

t was made and passed in the twenty sixth Year of his Majesty's Persons profeffin'g the Jewish Religion to be naturalised by Parlia

WHEREAS an Act: of Parliament

Reign, intituled, An Act to permit.

merit; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas Occasion has been taken from the said Act to raise Discontents, and to disquiet the Minds of many of his Majesty's subjects be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the abovementioned Act, and the several Matters and Things therein contained, shall be, and is and are hereby repealed and made void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four. EXP; See 33 Geo. 2. c. 3 iff 7.

CAP. III.

An Act for the hater securing to Constables and others the Expenses of conveying Offenders to Gaol; and for allowing the Charges of poor Persons bound to give Evidence against Felons.

3 Jac, 1. C 10.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of King James the Sir An Act for the rating and levying of the Charges for conveying Malefactors and ojfend.rs

irft, entitled,

rs to the Gael.

every Offender lb to be conveyed shall bear the Charges of himself, and of those who convey him; and if he refuse so to do, his Goods within the same County may be di(trained and sold to faiisfy the same; and if he hath no Goods, the Constable, Churchwardens and other Inhabitants of the Parish where he was taken, shall make a Tax oh every Inhabitant thereof to pay the said Charges: And whereas the taxing

A.D. 1754. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 4 - 6. 545

the Parish where such Offender was taken to pav such Charges, is a sreat Discouragement to Parishes:

For Remedy whereof. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and offender r t by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven having fofiid

any Constable or other Officer who conveyedtim, to any justice of the Peace for the same County or juvca to srant Place, shall upon Oath examine into and ascertain the reasonable Expenses to be allowed such Constable a Warrant on or other Officer, and shall forthwith, without Fee or Reward, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, the Trcnfoiei of order the Treasurer of the County or Place to pay the same, which the said Treasurer is hereby required to do, as soon as he receives such Warrant; and any Sum so paid shall be allowed in his Accounts. charges!'0'e

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth p: "t nf 1, 10 Day of June so much of the abovementioned Add passed in the third Year of King James the First, as rc lates to taxing the Parish where Offenders are taken, for defraying the Charges of conveying Offenders to Wriihes for Iff. Gaol, shall be repealed. veying Offenders to Gaol, repealed.

III. And whereas the Expense as well as Loss of Time in attending Courts of Justice, is a Discou the Charges of rage rent to the poorer Sort to appear as Witnesses against Offenders, who thereby escape the public Attendance to Justice, and the Punishment due to their crimes be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, be all°'ed by That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, when any poor Person shall appear on Recogni p^so°7bound'n!' stance in any Court to give Evidence against another accused of any Grand or Petit Larceny, or other give evidence " Felony, it shall and may be in the Power of the Court, at the Prayer and on the Oath of such Person, Igainst Felons, and on Consideration of his Circumstances, in open Court to order the Treasurer of the County or Place in which the Offence shall have been committed, to pay unto such Person such Sum of Money, a; to the said Court shall seem reasonable for his Time, Trouble and Expense; which Order the proper Of 6 d. to be paid ficer of such Court is hereby directed and required to make out, and to deliver unto such Person, upon to the officer for being paid for the same the Sum of sixpence, and no more; and such Treasurer is hereby authorised titj'6 out the and required, upon Delivery of such Order, forthwith to pay to such Person, or other Person authorised ° atto receive the same, such Sum of Money as aforesaid, and shall be allowed the same in his Accounts.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing ini'1 middl fexthe this Act contained shall extend to empower such Court, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, to make pv"^hepa'*' Warrants or Orders on the Treasurer of the County of Middlesex for the Payment of the Expenses ofn^'vviicrc the thp Constable or other Officer in conveying any Person to Gaol, or for the Payment of any Person for his oftenderwas u time, Trouble and Expense, who shall appear on his Recognisance to give Evidence as aforesaid; ken, to pay all that within the said County of Middlesex the Expenses of the Constable or other Officer, occaffoned by such charses' his conveying of any Person to Gaol by virtue of a Warrant from any Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall, (after such Expenses have been examined into upon Oath, and allowed by such Justice or Justices, and for which no See or Reward shall be taken) be prdd by the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place where the said Person was apprehended, who is and are hereby authorised and required to pay the same; and the Sum or Sums so paid shall be allowed in his or their Accounts.

---

CAP. IV.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four.

EXP.

At 2s. in the Pound.

CAP. V.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. VI.

---

An Act to repeal a Proviso in an Act made in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better adjusting and more easy Recovery of the Wages of certain Servants, and for the better Regulation of such Servants, and of certain Apprentices, which provides that the said Act shall not extend to the Stannaries in Devon and Cornwall.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, entitled. Anzo Act for the better adjusting and more easy Recovery of the jvages of certain Servants, and for the better

aforesaid, which Provisions have been found very useful and beneficial; but it being provided by the said Act that nothing therein contained shall extend to the Stannaries in the Counties of Devon and ctmwcil VOL. VII 4 A 'the

546 C. 7. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1754.

the Tinners and Miners employed in the said Stannaries are frequently subjected to great Difficulties and Hardships, and put to great Expenses in recovering their Wages: And whereas it would be for the Ease and Benefit of the said Tinners and Miners, if the said Provisions and Regulations were extended to the said Stannaries Pie it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, nd Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. The recited and by the Authority of the same, That the I'roviso in the said Act made in the twentieth Year of his pre

tuu repealed, fenc Maj city's Reign (that nothing in the said v\ct contained shall extend to the Stannaries in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall) shall from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four be, and the same is hereby repealed.

The Provisions

II. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first tclat.ng to Ser ])ay of May ai] the Provisions and Regulations in the said Add mentioned and contained, relating to Stranded to tht" vants n Husbandry, handicrafts men, Miners, Colliers, keel men, pit men, glass men, Potters and Tinners cof other Labourers, shall extend to such Tinners and Miners as are or shall be employed in the Stannaries in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall respectively, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Provisions and Regulations were herein particularly repeated and set forth; any Law, Statute, Usage, Privilege or jurisdiction whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall be confirmed to hinder or reftra'n any Person from applying to the Stannary Courts, or to the Warden, vice warden or Stewards of the Stannaries, in relation to any of the Matters herein before mentioned, in the same manner as such Person might have done before the making of this act.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Clocks and Watches.

Devon and Cornwall,

The Stannary Courts may be applied te.

Rfssr to9ctr.d 10 W. 3. C 2i'»

WHEREAS many Persons employed in the making of Clocks and "Watches have of late been guilty of diverse frauds and Abuses by purloining, imbezilling, secreting, selling, pawning, or

Penalty on Conviction or Frauds committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Clocks and Watches.'

Tirft oiter.cc.

Suhfecpicnt

osp'/ite,

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall be hired or employed by any Person or Persons practising the Trade or Trades of clock making or Watch making, or any Part or Branch, or Parts or Branches of such Trade or Trades, to make, finish, alter, repair or clean any Clock or Clocks, Watch or Watches, or any Part or Parts of a Clock or Clocks, Watch or Watches, or be entrusted by any Person or Persons practising the said Trade or Trades, with any Gold, Silver or other Meta] or Material to be, or that shall be, in the Whole or in Part wrought or manufactured for any Part or Parts of a Clock or Clocks, Watch or Watches, or any Diamond or other Precious Stone to be, or that shall be fetor fixed in or about any Clock or Clocks, Watch or Watches, shall after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred, and fifty-four, purloin, imbezil, secrete, fell, pawn, exchange, or otherwise unlawfully dispose of any Clock or Watch, or any Part or Parts of any Clock or Watch, or any Gold, Silver or other Metal or Material, or any Part thereof, or any Diamond or other Precious Stone, with which such Person or Persons shall be intruded by any Person or Persons practising the said Trade or Trades, or any Part or Branch, or Parts or Branches of such Trade or Trades, and shall hp thereof convicted by the Oath of the Owner of such Goods, or by the Oath of any other credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Person or Persons charged with such Offence, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, or where the Person or Persons so charged shall reside or inhabit (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) every such Offender shall for the first Offence forfeit twenty Pounds; and in case the said Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall commit the Party or Parties so convicted to the House of Correction or other public Prison of such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of fourteen Days, unless such Forfeiture shill be sooner paid; and if within two Days before the Expiration of such fourteen Days, such Forfeiture shall not be paid, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to order the Person or ilrfons so convicted to be publicly whipp.d at the Market i lace, or some other public Place of the City, Town or Place, where such Offender or Offenders shall be respectively committed; and in case of a further Conviction in manner before prescribed by this act, for or upon a second or other subsequent Offence of the same Kind, the Person or Persons so again offending, being thereof convicted in manner aforesaid, shall for every second or other subsequent Offence forfeit iorty Pounds; and in case the said Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall he had, shall commit the Person or Persons so again.offending to the Koufe of Correction or other public Prison as aforesaid, there to be kept to hard Labour than one Month, unless the said Forfeiture shall be sooner piration of the Time for which such Offender or Offe not be paid, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to order the Person or Persons Hr

attain

547

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1754.

C ain offending to be publickly whipped at the Market Place, or some other public Place of the City,

Town or Place, where Inch Offender or Offenders shall be respectively committed, twice or oftener, as to such Justice or jupcices shall appear reasonable.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall buy, re penalty of b>iy

ceive, accept or take by way of Gift, Pawn, Pledge, Sale or Exchange, or in any other Manner what anjrof soever, of or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, any Clock or Watch, or any Part or Parts of sk°n'n,

Clock or Watch, or any Gold, Silver or other Metal or Material as aforesaid, whether the same, or anyjg thevameat Part thereof, be or be not wrought or manufactured, or any Diamond, or other Precious Stone, which be purloinea. shall hive been intruded with any Person or Persons hired or employed as aforesaid, by any Person or Persons

practising the sail i rade or Trades, he, she or they, so buying, receiving, accepting or taking, any such Goods, Materials or Effects, knowing the same to be so purloined or imbezilled, being thereof lawfully convicted in manner before prescribed, for the conviction of Persons purloining or imbezilling the said Goods, Materials of effects, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit twenty Pounds; and in case the said First Oftener, Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the Justice or Justices, before whom such conviction shall be had, shall commit the Party or Parties lb convicted, to the House of Correction or other public Prison as aforesaid, there to be kept to hard Labour, for the Space of fourteen Days, unless the said Forfeiture shall be sooner paid; and if within two Days before the Expiration of the said fourteen Days, the said Forfeiture shall not be paid, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, to order the Person or Persons so convicted, to be publickly whipped at the Market Place, or some other public Place of the City, Town, or Place, where such Offender or Offenders shall be respectively committed, once or oftener, as to such Justice or Justices shall appear reasonable; and in case of a further conviction for or upon a second or any other subsequent Offence of the same Kind, the Person or Persons so again offending, being thereof convicted in manner before prescribed, shall, for every second or other subsequent Offence, forfeitsutfeq>: er.t forty Pounds; and in case the said Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the Justice or Justices, beforeoffe; L whom such conviction shall be had, shall commit the Party or Parties so convicted to the House of Correction, or other public Prison as aforesaid, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding th ree Months, nor less than one Month, unless the said Forfeiture shall be sooner paid; and if within seven Days before the Expiration of the Time for which such Offender or Offenders shall be so committed, the said Forfeiture shall not be paid, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to order such Offender or Offenders to be publickly whipped at the' Market Place, or some other public Place of the City, Town or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall be respectively committed, twice or oftener, as to such Justice or Justices shall appear reasonable; and the said respective Fotfei application of tures, when recovered, after Satisfaction shall have been made thereout to the Party or Parties injured, the Forfeitures, together with such Costs of Prosecution as shall be judged reasonable by the Justice or Justices before whom such conviction shall have been had, shall be paid and applied to and for the Use of the Poor of the parish or Place where the Person or Persons so convicted shall reflde or inhabit.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if any Person convicted as aforesaid, of purloining. Appeal to the embezilling, secreting, selling, pawning, exchanging, or otherwise unlawfully disposing of, or of buying, qrfiter receiving or taking to pawn any of the Goods, Materials or effects herein before mentioned, shall thinksciilonsi himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgement of the Justice or Justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such Person shall have Liberty to appeal to the Justices at the next General or Quarter sessions of the Peace, which shall be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where fuel) Judgement shall have been given; and that the Execution of the said Judgement shall, in such Case he suspended, the Person so convicted entering into a Recognisance at the Time of such conviction, with two fufrcient Sureties, in double the Sum which such Person shall have been adjudged to Recognisance forfeit, upon Condition to prosecute such Appeal with effect, and to be forth coming to abide the judge with Sureties, ment and Determination of the Justices in the said General or Quarter sessions; which Recognisance the said Justice or Justices before whom such conviction shall be had is and are hereby empowered and required to take; and the Justices in the said General or Quarter sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear Justices to Hear just and reasonable, so be paid by either Party; and if upon the Plearing of the said Appeal, the Judgement and determine, of the Justice or Justices before whom the Appellant shall have been convicted shall be affirmed, such Appellant shall immediately pay the Sum which he or flic shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with and to award such Costs as the Justices in the said General or Quarter sessions shall award to be paid by him or themgafo> C for defraying the Expenses sustained by the Defendant or Defendants in such Appeal; or in default of making such Payments, shall falter the respective Pains and Penalties by this act inflicted upon Persons respectively who shall neglect to pay, or shall not pay the respective Forfeitures by this act imposed upon such Persons respectively, who shall be convicted of purloining, embezilling, secreting, selling, pawning, exchanging, or otherwise unlawfully disposing of any of the Goods, Materials or effects herein before mentioned, or of Persons buying, receiving or taking to pawn any of such Goods, Materials, or effects.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace Form of the before whom any Person shall be convicted, in manner prescribed by this act, of purloining, embezilling, Conviction; secreting, selling, pawning, exchanging, or otherwise unlawfully disposing of, or of buying, receiving or taking to pawn any of the Goods, Materials or effects aforesaid, shall cause such respective conviction to be drawn up in the Form and Words following; that is to say,

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1754.

not to be removed by Certiorari,

and to be transmitted to the next Quarter sessions, isc*

Jo lice upon Complaint on Oath, to iitue hii Warrant for apprehending any Offender,

and to hear and determine the Matter,

midclujex, } TD E it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of his

to wit. S j3 majesty's Reign, A.B. was convicted before me (or us) of his Majesty's

Justices of the Peace for the said County of or for the Riding (or Division) of the

laid County of or for the City, Liberty or Town of _ in the said County

e of (as the Calc shall be) of purloining, cmbezilling, secreting, selling, pawning, exchanging, or unlawfully disposing of, or of buying, receiving or taking to pawn (as the Case shall hap £ peji to be) (specifying the respective Goods, Materials or eft efts) the Property of C D. of

in the County of Given under my Hand and Seal (or our Hands and Seals)

the Day and Year aforesaid.'

Which said Form and Conviction shall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majesty's Court of King's Bench; and the said Justice or Justices before whom i'uch Conviction shall be had, shall cause the same, drawn up in the Form aforesaid, to be fairly written upon Parchment, and transmitted to the next General or Quarter sessions of the Peace, to be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Liberty wherein such Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General or Quarter sefiicns > and hi case any Person or Persons so convict.d shall appeal from the Judgement of the said Justice or Justices to the said General or Quarter session, the Justices in such General or Quarter sessions are hereby required upon receiving the said Conviction, drawn up in the Form aforesaid, to proceed to the Hearing and Determination of the Matter of the said Appeal, according to the Directions of this Act; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, and he Is hereby required, upon Complaint to him made upon Oath of any Offence committed against this Act within the same County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, to issue his Warrant for apprehending and bringing before him, or before any other Justice or Justices of the Peace of the same County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, the Person or Persons charged with such Offence; and the Justice or Justices before whom such Person or Persons shall be brought, is and are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Complaint, and to proceed to Conviction and Judgement thereupon.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for improving and enlarging the Harbour of Leith, and to empower the Trustees therein mentioned to purchase Lands for that Purpose; and for erecting Docks and other Conveniences on the Sides thereof.

PR.

'I

WHEREAS the Harbour of Leith, lying in the Frith of Forth, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, is too final], and not convenient for the Reception of Shipping: And whereas the en larging and deepening the said Flathour, and the erecting Conveniences for building, repairing, loading,

unloading and laying up of Ships and Vessels, and the building convenient Warehouses, Wharves and Quays adjoining thereto, for the more commodious loading, unloading and Reception of Goods, would be of great Use not only to the City of Edinburgh, but to the Publick in general, by increasing Trade and Navigation, and advancing the Revenue of his Majesty's Customs: And whereas the Lord Provost,

Magistrates and Town Council of Edinburgh, being sensible of the Advantages that will ariie to that City, and to the Public in general, by carrying the said Works into Execution, have agreed to contribute the Sum of two thousand Pounds Sterling for completing the same; and diverse other Persons are s, willing to contribute a further Sum for that Purpose; that it is not possible effectually to carry the said Works into Execution without the Authority of Parliament; 'May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, Lie.

itcretors and Merchants appointed Commissioners. Seven empowered to act. Other Freeholders to be chosen in the Room of such as shall die, Lie. and so of the Merchants, Lie. Heretors and Merchants neglecting to fill up Vacancies, the acting Commissioners to elect. Commissioners empowered to demo liftt the old Bridge, and erect a drawbridge, g't. No Goods to be landed or shipped but at such Places as pursuant to 6 Ann. C 26. Spaces for public Quays to be reserved on each Side of the River. The Manse and Garden of the Minister, Lie. of North Leith not to be damaged. Accounts, Lie. to be open, to Inspection of any Member, Lie. At the Expiration of this Act, the Books to be delivered to the Town Council. City of Edinburgh empowered to contribute 20001. Commissioners to receive other Subscriptions. Purchases after the Expiration of this Act, the same to vest in the Provost, Magistrates and Council of the City. The Rights and Privileges of the present Harbour, Lie. to extend to ihc new Additions. The City to exercise the same J: rifdiction over the new, as over the present Harbour, hie. so as not to interfere with the Powers granted to the Commissioners. Proprietors refusing or disabled to make a Sale of Grounds, the Commissioners to appoint the Valuation to be settled by a Jury, which is to be paid within 30 Days, and the Premiftcs to be converted to vest in the Commissioners, Lie. and Deeds thereof to be granted upon the Certificate of eight of the Jury, CM The Minister and Kirk Session, and Heretors of North Leith, empowered to dispose of their Property in such Ground as shall be neccflhry to be taken into the Works; the Money to be applied in Purchase of other Grounds. Continuance of this Act to the third Tttefday in June 1759, so f. r as relates to the making of Purchases; and in other Matters to 31 Dec. 1770, lfcj'

CAP.

A.D. 1754. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II.

C 9. 549

CAP. IX.

An act for punishing Mutiny and desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the^ffiwtw uniced Company or' Merchants of England trading to the East indtes; and for the punishment of Offences committed in theeaft indies, or at the Island of Saint Helena. <jw.z. c. 44.

46. i Antujl, 1.

C 12. 6 Amt. C 3

C TIERE AS the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies, are possessed &7 10 Am.

of several principal Settlements in the East indies and of several Settlements cr Factories fubor '7'"8, 5^ "'

C rltnnfp to furl nrinrinnl Settlements, and are alin nnllefted of the ffland nf Rsi'nit And for thecf 'fd to, i.

Ltr lilt. V ui Lillo i - dliutij luc. jdiu pax 1 y 5 IL liit lj

tain and keep a Military Force for the Garrison and Defence of the said Settlements, futsfories and Places; and it being requisite for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed,2'_'7 Ul°'

and that Soldiers who final I mutiny, or (Hr up Sedition, or shall desert the said company's Service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law do allow; 'Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, if Every Officer or any Person being mustered, or in Pay as an Officer, or who is or shall be lifted, or in the said company's Soldier in, th;: Pay as a Soldier in any of their Settlements, or in the said Island of Saint Helena respectively, shall at any te

Time after the Publication of this at, in their principal Settlements, and in the said Island of Saint Helena Puffcation ot respectively, and within such Time as such Officer or Soldier shall have contracted and agreed to serve the this AG, said United Company, begin, excite, cause or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in the Company, Troop or shall mutiny, or Regiment where to be doth belong, or in any other Company, Troop or Regiment in the said United com desert, C pany's Service; or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny, or intended Mutiny, shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his commanding Officer; or shall desert the said United company's Service; or being a Soldier actually lifted in any Regiment, Troop or Company, shall lift himself in any other Regiment, Troop or Company, without a dif-nr L in^ny. charge produced in Writing from the Officer commanding in Chief the Regiment, Troop or Company, in ntlier res=°b which he Lift served as a listed Soldier; or shall be found sleeping upon his Poll, or shall leave it before&c' relieved; or if any Officer or Soldier in the said United company's Service shall, either upon Land, or r !ie so, ln: upon the Sea, hold Correspondence with any Rebel to his Majesty, or with any Enemy of his Majesty, ol' statl defoar; of the said United Company, or give them Advice or Intelligence either by Letters, messages, Signs orpo^ orcorre. Tokens, in any Manner or Way whatsoever; or shall treat with such Rebels or Enemies, or enter into spond with the any Condition with them without the Licence of the said United Company, or of the said United Com — Enem>"> pany's President and Council, at any of their said principal Settlements, or of the said United company's Governor and Council at Saint Helena, or without the Licence of the General, Lieutenant General, or

Chief Commander of the said company's Forces; or shall finite or use any Violence against his superior not. ot>^y}, lssl officer, being in the Execution of his. Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command of his superior Officer; stan^uficrdeath; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned shall suffer Death, or or such punuh" such other Punishment as by a court-martial shall be inflicted. ment as a Court --

Martial shall in.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty may grant a Commission orfiift warrant under his Royal Sign Manual, unto the Court of Directors of the said United Company, who, Ttlc Klns may by virtue of such Commission or Warrant, hall have Power under the Seal of the said United Company to non" authorise and empower their President and Council for the Time being, at their said principal Settlements courts ivartia.* respectively, or the major Part of them, and their Governor and Council for the Time being at the said C

Island of Saint Helena, or the major Part of them, from Time to Time to appoint court-martial; and to authorise and empower the Commander in Chief of any Detachment of any of the Officers or Soldiers employed in the said company's Service, to appoint court-martial for the Trial of any of the Officers or.

Soldiers under their respective Commands; in which court-martial all the Offences abovementioned, and all other Offences herein after specified, shall be tried and proceeded against in such manner as by this af shall be hereafter directed,

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when and so long as any of his Majesty's Forces shallcommander, be employed to ?.tin Defence of any of the said company's Settlements, or to assist against any of their 111 to ap,

i, — n, 3 r C *- a point Courts

Enemies in the East indtes, the Power or appointing. Courts marnal, or authorising such Appointment as aforesaid, shall be in the Commander in Chief of such his Majesty's Forces for the Time being, over such of the said company's Officers and Soldiers as shall belong to the principal Settlement where or from whence such Forces shall be employed,

IV. And be it also further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such court-martial, by Iffi"?0!?1'01

their Sentence or Judgement, to infiidt corporal Punishment on any Soldier for Immoralities, miffiehaviour'j^abk la' or Neglect of Duty. court-martial.

V. And'it is hereby further enacted, That no general court-martial which shall have Power to sit by cru

r 1 a r, 1., .'r, S, r r i_ IV t n. > tt 1 a Martial not to

Virtue T '1 ° -- A -- ouf r L r -

pointment major.

Com —

5 5°

president of the Court.

General court-martial at Saint Helena, not to consist of less than live. President of such Court.

court-martial may administer Oaths.

Two Thirds of the Officers present to concur in

Judge Advocate to transmit to the Commander in Chief, C the original Proceedings,

C. 9. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II A.D. 1754.

Commission Officer; and the President of such general court-martial shall neither be the Commander in Chief, or Governor of the Garrison where the Offender shall be tried, nor under the Degree of a Captain; and that no general court-martial, which shall have Power to sit by virtue of this Act, by Appointment from the Governor and Council of Saint Helena, or the major Part of them, shall consist of?. lei's nurr.b.r than five, whereof none to be under the Degree of a commissioned Officer; and the President of such general court-martial final neither he the Commander in Chief, or Governor of the Garrison where the Offender shall be tried, nor under the Degree of a Lieutenant; and that such court-martial shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby required to take and administer such Oaths, and to proceed in such maimer as his Majesty shall from T. irne to Time think fit to order and direct, by any pules or Orders under his Royal Sign Manual; and no Sentence of Death shall be given against: any Offender in such Case by any general court-martial, unless two Thirds of the Officers present shall concur therein; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence, but between the Hours of Light of the Clock in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Lxample.

all Sentences of Death. Hours of Trial,

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as such at any general court-martial, do, and he is hereby required to transmit with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of Time and Distance of Place can admit, the original Proceedings and Sentence of such court-martial to his Majesty's Commander in Chief for the Time being, in care such court-martial shall be held by virtue of his Warrant or Authority as aforesaid, or to the President and Council of such of the said United company's principal Settlements, by virtue of whosewarrant or Authority the same shall be held; or unto the Governor and Council at Saint Helena, if the same shall be held within their Jurisdiction; which said original Proceedings and Sentence shall be carefully kept and preferred by such Commander in Chief, or by such President and Council, or Governor and Council respectively; to the end that the Persons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Application to them, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

No Person to tie.

VII. Provided also, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That no Officer or Soldier being acquitted or tiied a second convicted of any Offence, be liable to be tried a second Time by the same or any other court-martial for ib^ofenclt lie dine Offence: and that no Sentence given by any court-martial, and ffgned by the President thereof, Sentence le liable to be revised more than once.

not liable to be revised more than once.

The King may

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty to make Articles offonn, make and establish Articles of War, for the better Government of the said United company's Forces, War' and for bringing Offenders against the same to Justice; to erect and constitute court-martial, with

Power to try, hear and determine any Crimes or Offences by such Articles of War, and infiidl Penalties by Sentence or judgement of the same, as well within the said United company's Limits of Trade, as in the said Island of Saint Helena.

IX. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be adjudged to suffer any Punishment extending or Limb in Peace] Life or Limb, by the said Articles, in Time of Peace, except for such Crimes as are expressed to be so exceptbythisatt punishable by this Act.

Capital Ciimes X Provided also, That no Person or Persons being acquitted or convicted of any capital Crimes, vio cognizabteby thelences or Offences, by the Civil Magistrate, shall be liable to be punished by a court-martial for the same. Civil Magi (hate otherwise than by cashiering.

punishable by J

offenders' inst

XI. Provided also, That if any Officer, non commission Officer or Soldier, shall be accused of any capi the Laws to be tal Crime, or of any Violence oroffence against the Person, Estate or Property of any of his Majesty's sub celivered up to jedts, which is punifltable by the known Laws of the Land, the commanding Officer or Officers of every the civil Magi Regiment, Troop, Company or Party, is and are hereby required to use his utmost Endeavours to deliver f'rate over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, and shall also be aiding and ailifting to the Officers of

Justice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trial: And if any such Officers nefiea commanding Officer shall wilfully neglect or refufie, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to jug to deliver up deliver over any such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding and a fit fling to the Officers of

No punishment to extend to Life

inch Offenders, Justicein apprehending such Offender; every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before disabled to hold t wo or more Justices of the Peace for the Settlement or Place where the Sail is committed, by the Oath of any Military Office.

two credible Witnesses, shall be cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Office or Employment in the said United company's Service in the East indics; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter sessions of the Peace for the said Settlement or Place, and a Certificate thereof affirmed at the transmitted' to the President and Council of such principal Settlement, who are hereby obliged to certify Quarter stnions, the same to the next court-martial.

and a Certificate transmitted to the President and Council.

conviction thereof to b

XII. And whereas it may otherwise be doubted whether the Officers and Persons employed in the several ellal he trainsc drains of Artillery be within the Intent and Meaning of this Act; 'it is hereby enacted by the Authority of Artillery in aforesaid, That the Officers and Persons employed, or that shall be employed in any of the Trains of aitil eluded. lery, he deemed.in all Respects whatsoever within tile Intent and Meaning of this Act.

Offences com

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said United Company's mitted by the Presidents or Council, at their respective principal Settlements, or any of them, or their Governor or d1 nrs^coi/*council at the said Island of Saint Helena, shall after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven or governorsci hundred and fifty-four, be guilty of oppressing any of his Majesty's Subjects beyond the Seas within their respe drive

2

5sl

respective jurisdictions or Commands, or shall be guilty of any other Crime or Offence contrary to the Laws of that Part of Great Britain called England, or in Force within their respective Jurisdictions or Commands; tuch1 Oppression, Crimes and Offences may be inquired of, heard and determined in his Majesty's 0f,: n ti, e court Court of King's Bench, within that Part of Great Britain called England; or before such Commissioners of ktng sbcncli, and in such County of that part of Great Britain called England, as shall be assigned by his Majesty's Com or .*'e, ore commission, and by good and lawful Men of the same County; and such Punishment shall be insidfed on such Offenders, as are usually inflicted for Offences of the like Nature committed in that Part of Great Britain^iy.m R E called England. land.

See father 1 Geo. 3. c. 14. which extends the prvuijltu of [his at

CAP. X

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Surplus Moneys remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; and for the further disposition of the said Sinking Fund, by paying the reout the Remainder of the Sum advanced on the Credit of the Duty on Sweets, and the Interest thereof; and for carrying the said, Duty to the said Fund; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this session of Parliament.

MOST Gracious Sovereign, we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the Residue of the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, byways and Means the least burdensome to your majesty's Subjects, and at the same Time to make further Provision for the Reduction of the National Debt, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty for those Purposes the several Sums herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys as now are, or shall from Time to Time be and remain, in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums oi Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall and may be issued and applied a Sum not exceeding the Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, for and towards the700; 00°hsnt. supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; and V und

the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Trea^jjascrvice surer, or any three ox more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby autho 0? the ament rized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly. Year.,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of seven thousand nine hun 7; 937i deed thirty seven Pounds fourteen Shillings and twopence halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of the 'iafi Exchequer, being the Overplus of the Grants for thesr rvice of the Year one thousand seven hundred and alts fifty three; and also the Sum of twenty-three thousand five, hundred sixty twopounds seven Shillings and23, 562l. soi, nine Pence halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Duties on Coals q. Surplus of since the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen; and also the Sum of thirty Dut on Coals; two thousand six hundred fifty-two Pounds fifteen Shillings and seven Pence, remaining in the Receipt ofii^s^ iuvof the Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors; ard also the^coutiesforre sum of thirty thousand one hundred ninety five Pounds three Shillings and sixpence halfpenny, remain tailing Spirituous, ing in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Funds for the Lottery, in the Year one thousand Liquors: seven hundred and fourteen, shall and may be issued and applied at the said Receipt as Part of the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four.bvfunds<rf the

Lottery in 1714. to be issued in Aid of thssuppjy.

III. And whereas by an act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repealing i0geo. sc. 17, -. ' the then present Duty upon Sweets, and for granting a less Duty thereupon, it was amongst other Things enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, there should he raised, levied and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, for every Barrel of Liquor made or to be made within the Kingdom of Great Britain for Sale,

by Infusion, Fermentation or otherwise, from foreign Fruit or Sugar, or from British Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines, for which noduty had been then already paid or should be paid on or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June, the Sum of twelve Shillings, to be p2td by the,

Maker thereof; and foin proportion for a greater or less Quantity: And whereas on the Credit of the Duty by the said Act granted, the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds hath been advanced by the Go -- ' vernor and Company of the Bank of England, and raised by Exchequer Bills, carrying an Interest after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum; and the principal Sum of four hundred ninety-nine thour sand six hundred Pounds, Part of the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, still remains unpaid And whereas the said Governor and Company of the Bank, of England do consent that the said Sum so unpaid, with Interest thereon, be transferred to and charged upon the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund: 'Now for the Payment of the said principal Sum of four hundred.ninety nine thousand six hup

552 io

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1754.

dfed Pounds, with such Interest as shall be due thereupon; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That by or out of such Moneys as now are or hall from Time to Time be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the said Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the said

Sinking Fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as by any former Act or Acts of Parliament have been and by this Act are directed to be paid out of the same, there shall and may be illiied and applied any Sum not exceeding the Sum of four hundred ninety-nine thousand six hundred Pounds, to cancel and discharge the like Sum in Exchequer Bills, made outftn pursuance of the said Act

Appropriation of the Supplies.

The Moneys arising by the Land Tax,

Malt Tax,

499, 600 1. to be paid out of the Sinking funj to the Bank, to cancel Exchequer Bills, issued 1

thcdutics'o^ihe11151^6 n the tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, and charged upon the said Duty on Sweets, as also such recited Act. Sum or Sums of Money as shall from Time to lime become due and payable for Interest upon the said. Bills, until the same shall be paid off, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose. cirriedtnto the' And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of April

Sinicin" Fund. one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, the said Duty on Sweets shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund., and shall and maybe issued and applied in such Manner, and to such Uses and Purposes as other Rates, Duties, Revenues and Incomes composing the said Fund, are or shall be directed by Authority of Parliament to be issued and applied, and for no other Use, Intent or purpose whatsoever.

V. Provided always, and it Is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, entitled, An act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land fax to be raised in Great Britain for the 'Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for racting the said Land i axe shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other AT of this Session of Parliament, (entitled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thou jand seven hundred and fifty-four) and so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act; and all the and other Sums Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties Exchequer shall be fotisfied, or Moneys sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same;

L'and the Sum of seven thousand nine hundred thirty seven Pounds fourteen Shillings and twopence Halfpenny remaining in the Exchequer, being the Overplus of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, but not applied to the Service of that Year and the Sum of twenty-three thousand five hundred sixty two Pounds seven Shillings and nine Pence halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Duties on Coals since the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen; and the Sum of thirty-two thousand six hundred fifty-two Pounds fifteen Shillings and seven Pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors; and the Sum of thirty thousand one hundred ninety five Pounds three Shillings and sixpence halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Funds for the Lottery in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and also the Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds by this Act granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, for and towards the several Uses and Purposes herein after exprdfed, (that is to say) to be applied, it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies

'7s 89 d'7fbr* prove as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceed

naval^services. 'ns eight hundred ninety-eight thousand seven hundred forty ftven Pounds twelve Shillings and nine Pence, for or towards the Naval Services herein after particularly expressed; is to say, for or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordinance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards defraying the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers; and for or towards Building, Rebuilding and Repairs of his Majesty's Ships, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four.: 7, 6421.10l. to

VI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup

Day to twenty more Chaplains, who have served longest on board his Majesty'

appears by the Books of the said Ships, that they have been actually born and murtered thereon, for the Space of rive Years during the late Wars with France and Spain, and provided likewise, that such Chaplains do not enjoy the Benefit of some Ecclesiastical Living, or Preferment from thocrown or otherwise, of the present annual Value of fifty Pounds.

VII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, upon account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Grcimvich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

VIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or sup fic Ordnance j plies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred twenty-three thousand five hundred sixty five Pounds ieventcen Shillings, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, performed and so

be

JO, COO I. to

Greenwich Hospital

127, 56-; 1. t7 s.

553

i o.

be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

IX. And it is hereby also enadbed, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, 1, 068, 185), there shall and may be issued and applied any Sutn or Sums of Money, not exceeding one million sixty 10s. 5 a. iq. to eight thousand one hundred eighty-five Pounds ten Shillings and live Pence halfpenny, for and towardst!le l3nd Forces maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed; (that is to say) any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six hundred twenty-eight thousand three hundred°f which fifteen Pounds seven Shillings and elevenpence, for defraying the Charge of eighteen thousand eight hun 62|>3, .51, s dred and fifty seven effective Men, includingcommission and non commission Officers, and also one thou j/creatbnl land eight hundred and fifteen Invalids, for Guards, Garrisons; and Coner his Majesty's Land Forces in tain, Guernsey, Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; and any Sum and Jeifcy; or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred thirty-six thousand four hundred twenty Pounds eighteen j36>4*ol> Shillings and sixpence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, pi7ntati0nsrmh Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provii 10ns for the Garrisons' in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar and norca and gihra providence, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not tar, tvova Scotia, exceeding fifty seven thousand three hundred fifty-eight Pounds five Shillings and five Pence upon account, Newfoundland,

t F Y. T. _______'>7.. 7/*. _ T T _ L —. - I A 1.! I J fr. r _ 1 nrl providpr.ri*

fifty-four; subject to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are hereafterhospital. prescribed concerning the same; and any Sum or sums of Adoney not exceeding four thousand two hundred'55>0c°i to, lle forty six Pounds six Shillings and eight Pence, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several ^fth^land"3 Officers and private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and forc(.s anij to the superannuated Gentlemen of the four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year one thousand seven Marines, hundred and fifty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two thousand nine hundred forty 4.461. 6 s 3j. four Pounds for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land forcesquashf/c and Marines as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to themrc^'ej'p'c' before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thou o)si4 i.'to rialf sand seven hundred and fifty-four; which said Sum of two thousand nine hundred forty-four Pounds, shall pay Officers wi be issued to such Person or Persons as his Majesty hall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign ada dows> c nual, direct and appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over to such Widows of fia!f pay Officers, or their Assignees, according to such Establishments, Lists, or other Directions, and with and Object to such Conditions, Qualifications, and other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty, by such and the like Warrant or Warrants, shall be graciously pleased to direct and appoint; and any Sum or Sums of3I>900.1, 11 Money not exceeding thirty-one thousand nine hundred Pounds eleven Shillings and eleven Pence, defraying the extraordinary Expenses of his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in the^ces fn 1753. Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or to, 0001. to the Sums of Money not exceeding twenty, thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engage elector of ba ments with the Elector of Bavaria, pursuant to Treaty; and any sum or Sums of Adoney not exceeding tot

thirty-two thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the King oipoland, pand? Elector of Saxony, pursuant to Treaty.

X. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup 11, 3521. 6 s. plies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eleven q d towards the thousand three hundred ninety-two Pounds six Shillings and nine Pence, upon Account, for defraying the

Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia in L u, S: >' the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty seven thousand and fifty-four Pounds fifteen Shillings and threepence, s' upon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, forj co tja01 Va the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four,

XI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup 61, 5051. 19 s. plies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding sixty9d9 to!j!ake one thousand five hundred five Pounds nineteen Shillings and nine Pence Farthing, to make good the defig^1 Y te" ciency of the half Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, charged with die Payment of several Annuities byhaii Subsidy. the Acts of the sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, to satisfy all Annuities charged thereupon to the fifth Day of 'january one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Adoney not exceeding six thousand seven hundred 6, 7911. 15s. to ninety-two Pounds fifteen Shillings, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same t6tj'e^efi; 'enc7of make good the Deficiency of the Duty of twelve Shillings a Barrel on Sweets, or Wines made from british\feff Q. or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, upon the tenth Day of fvfijar one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three; and toi, er any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds, towards enabling the Commissioners for?, oco 1. for the building a Bridge cross the River 'thames from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the countybjdgeat wea of Surry, to maintain the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them; and any Sum ormmfler'

Sums of Money, not exceeding six thousand Pounds, towards laying out, making and keeping in repair6.0001 tv, r a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the "City of Cat !i lie to the Town of Newcastle

rds d

from Carl Hie to

upon Tyne; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, to be applied in build n'ewcafl]e ing, maintaining, and supporting the British) Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa; and any Sum jo.ooool. for the or Sums of Money not exceeding two thousand six hundred thirty-two Pounds, upon Account, for defray b.ntiih Sorts, Vol. VIJ. 4 B. ing*

3 Coast of Attica

554-

w. II

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1754.

no ocher Uses.

Rules to be observed in the Application of the Half. pay. See cs Geo. 1. c. 22.

f, r ie Jng the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other incidental ex fra ing the Civil ptnce^ attending the same, from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three. Gal '13'^' to the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; and any Sum or Sums of /5, 40v i. 3s. sd. Money, not exceeding ilftec n thousand four hundred ninety seven Pounds three Shillings and twopence 14. ri dhebarge Farthing, to satisfy the l'cveral principal Sun s remaining due on Bills drawn from America, and Certificates fiills drawn sir given for the Pay of two Troops of Rangers, one Highland Company, Boatmen, Half Galleys or Schooners M'bury Services in Georgjaj and other Charges thereunto belonging, and for extraordinary Military Services, to Midsummer i a rg'* n one thousand seven hundred ard forty seven, agreeable to the Report of the Auditor of the Impress.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids and Supplies provided Theft Aids to be as aforesaid, shall not be issued and applied to any other life. Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the appropriated to fjfo and Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfkd

thereout by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XIII. And as to the said Sum of fifty-five thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated on Account of half-pay as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application of the said half-pay; that is to say, That no person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company, in which he served, was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no cr.aplainof any Garrison or Regiment, who.has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately ditbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XIV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty sixth Year of his Majesty's ' Reign (entitled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned out of the Sink ing Fund; and for applying certain Surplus Moneys remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for enlarging the Time limited by an Act of the Iqji Session of Parliament, for fulficrihng An act' nuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and three Pounds ten Shillings pr Centum per Annum, into the Joint Stock of Annuities; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; j the several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes therein expressed; which, any, Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty-eight thousand Pounds was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that behalfnow it is hereby provided, enacted, and declared, Surplus of la ft by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of fifty-eight thousand Pounds as is or shall be yr's, i?ayr fy more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the Paid Adito

20 Geo 2. C 23

to be disposed of by his Majesty

be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or loll their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as. by reason of their long Service or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal sign.manual, 'as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act, or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XI.

An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money; and for removing Doubts concerning the Continuance of the Duty of twenty Shillings for every Tonne of Brandy Wines and Strong Waters imported.

is Cal', i. C 5.*I" AY it please your most Excellent Majesty: by an Act made in the eighteenth Year of the ' J.V.1. Reign of King Charles the Second, and continued with some Additions by an Act made in the 25 Car. 2. C ' twenty-fifth Year of his Reign; both which Acts were revived and further continued by an Act made in 1 wii % 7, Ae f 'ft Year of the Reign of King James the Second, and further continued by several subsequent Acts C 24 &^in the fourth Year of the Reign of King iviliuim and Queen Mary, and in the twelfth and thirteenth

32 & r3will. .4 Year of the Reign of King William the Third, certain Rates and Duties were imposed on all Wines C 11. ' Vinegar, Cyder and Beer, and also on all Brandy Wines and Strong Waters, imported or brought into

the Port of London, or into any other Ports, Creeks, or Places, within the Kingdom of England, Domi nion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the said several Rates and Duties to be applied towards defraying the Charge of the Coinage of Gold and Silver Moneys in the Mints of England: And whereas A., fi. ' after the Union of the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, an Act was made in the seventh Year of

j Aonst, C 24, ' the Reign of Queen Anne, whereby the like Rates and Duties were granted and male payable for the like Purposes, ard For the Term therein mentioned, on all Wines, Vinegar, Cyder, Beer, Brandy Wines and

Strong

555

A.D. 1754. Anno vicesimo feptiino Georgii II.

C

IT.

Strong Waters imported into Great Britain; and the said acts made in the eighteenth and twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and also an Add made in the fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and every Clause, Article, and Sentence in the said Acts, or any of them contained, were revived and further continued, with some additional Provisions, for the Service of the Mints in England and Scotland i; espectively: And whereas by an Add made in the first Year of the Reign of King George the first, the said several Rates _and_duties, and all the said.former Adds, and all other Acts ott Geo. 1. c. 43, Parliament concerning Coinage then being in Force, were revived and continued for the further.term therein mentioned, and a Provision was thereby made for supplying any Deficiency of the Revenue settled for the Encouragement of the Coinage: And whereas the said several Rates and Duties, and all the said Adds concerning Coinage, were, with a like Provision for supplying any Deficiency of the said Re

ge9 Geo.

j9.

3 '

Gift. i. 0. 5»

C 141

venue, further continued by several subsequent Adds made in the ninth Year of the Reign of King Gcor_

the Firid, and in the fourth Year of the Reign of your Majesty: And whereas by an Add made in the Geo. a. C 12.

ninth Year of the Reign of your Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty on the Retailers of Spirituous $ Geo.

Liquors, and for Liccnjing the Retailers thereof; it was, amonglb other Things, enacted, That the Duties and Revenues which should arise by the Licences for vending Brandy or Spirits, as also the then present Duties on Low Wines, Strong Waters, Brandy, Rum, Arrack, and all other Spirits, whether Foreign or britifi.and such Duties as should arise by the retailing the same, should, from and after the twenty ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, be united to, and made Part of, the General or Aggregate Fund, established by the Add of the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the t irft, and be iitued and applied to the Uses to which the said Fund was or should be made applicable: And whereas by an Add made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of your Majesty, such 1 ' only of the said Rates and Duties so granted by the said Add made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as were thereby charged on the Importation of Wines, Vinegar, Cyder, and

Beer, and all the said former Adds, and all other Adds of Parliament concerning Coinage, then being in Force, and the same Provision for supplying any Deficiency of the said Revenue, were further con inued;

and by an Add made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of your Majesty, have Continuance for the 19 Geo. 1. ' Space of seven Years, from the firfd Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and until i the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following, and no longer: And whereas great Benefit

hath arisen from the Encouragement of Coinage given by the said Adds, and it is therefore expedient,

that an adequate Revenue be settled and continued for the like Purposes We your majesty's mould dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do give and grant unto your Majesty the Rates, Duties and Impositions herein after mentioned, for and during the Term herein after exp relied, and do humbly pray, that it may be enacted; and Be it enacted by the King's mould Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such and the like Rates, The Duties Duties and Impositions, as by the said Add of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second granted by is were granted, and by the said subsequent Adds were continued, for and upon the Importation of Wines, v'r -\'f the Vinegar, Gyder and Seer, during the respective Terms therein mentioned, shall be further continued, and wln^vinegir be paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, for and upon all Wines, Vinegar, Cyder Cyder 'and b=eiy and Beer, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, within or during the Space of seven Years, to commence from the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and until the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following, and no longer; and that all the said former Adds, and and the recited all other Adds of Parliament concerning Coinage, and every of them, and every Clause, Article, and sen ^fret^conv' tence in them, or any of them contained, now being in force, shall be and are by virtue of this Add conn, fr wairs. tinued, and shall be in force, and be duly put in Execution, for and during all such Time and Term as ares(jr(, V 'a; before mentioned, as fully and effectually, as if the same were particularly repeated and re enaeded in the X cf. -. 'f Body of this present Add. 16.

II. And to the end the Importers of Gold and Silver into the Mints of England and Scotland respectively, may not be discouiwged by any Deficiency of the Revenue by this Act settled for defraying the Coinage thereof; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the treasury toiitue Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the Lord high treasurer, r Moneys for de any three or more of the Commissioners of the treasury for the time being, and they are hereby impoweredtf^f o/ths* and directed, out of the Moneys arising by this Add, or out of any other public Supplies granted or to bedims in eng granted by Parliament, to cause so much Money to be applied as shall be necessary for defraying the ex land and scot pences of the said Mints of England and Scotland respectively, by way of Impressed, and upon Account, for!anl. that Service, so as the same, together with the Coinage Duties arising by this Add, do not exceed in any one Year the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds, and so as the said Moneys be issued out of the Exchequer of Great Britain to the Mailer of the Mint in England, and to the Mailer of the Mint in Scotland respectively, for the said purpols.

III. And vv

for every Tonne ________, -- 0 - —, o -

venues was, by the herein before recited Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

in manner before mentioned, united to and made Part of the Aggregate Fund: 'Now, for removing all Doubts concerning the Continuance of the said Duty; Be it declared by the Authority aforesaid, That itthedutyof20s.

true i11te.it and Meaning of the said Act to continue the said Duty of twenty Shillings for everyfjrmer!)' ?pnted

vs.

whereas some Doubts have arisen concerning the Continuance of the duty of twenty Shillings n of Brandy Wines and Strong Waters imported; which together with other Duties and Re

1 1 i _ i __________ av, vrt__________ yf go/i rr

was

the

Tonne of Brandy Wines and Strong Waters imported, as Part of the said Aggregate Fund, foi such Term for which any of the Rates, Duties, and Revenues, composing the said Aggregate fund, were

: Expiration of the Term for which the said Duty of twenty

granted and made payable, notwithstanding the

j. J on every Tonne of

ana during cnllldy>j&c. imported,

continued as Part of the

4 B 2.

Shillings Aggregate Fun:

556

Concerning Sp tuoin Liquor

C 12, 13. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1754.

Shillings for every Tonne of Brandy Wines, and Strong Waters imported, was granted by the herein before mentioned act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

see farther 31 Geo. 2. c. 36. 32 Geo. 2. c. 29. 33 Geo. 2. f. 9^28.

CAP. XII.

An Act for improving and preserving the Navigation from Salter's Load Slake in the County of Norfolk, to Standground sluice in the County of Huntingdon; and from flood's Ferry in the Me of Ely in the County of Cambridge, to Ramsey High Load in the said County of Huntingdon and also the Navigation from Old Bedford Sluice in the said County of Norfolk, to the River Neue, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the said County of Huntingdon.

PR.

WHEREAS the Navigation from the Port of King's Lynn to Standground Sluice near the City of Peterborough, was anciently carried on from Salthirn Load., other wise salter's Load Sluice, in the County of Norfolk, through Well Creek and the River Nene, to Flood's Ferry in the County of Cambritlge; and from thence through ra?nfey Mere, Ugg Mere, and Whittlesea Mere, in the County of Huntingdon, but the Navigation through the said Meres being at all Times extremely tedious, difficult and dangerous, and very frequently altogether impracticable; the Navigation from the said Port of King's Lynn to Standground 1 Sluice aforesaid, has for many Years been carried on from Flood's Ferry aforesaid, through a certain Drain called Whittlefta Dyke, being the safest and nearest Passage: whereas the Navigation from the Parish of Ramsey, and die adjacent Places to the said Port of King's Lynn, will he most conveniently carried on by flood's Ferry, through the River Nene, tvell Creek and salter's Load aforesaid: whereas the Navigation from the Towns of Chatteris, Money and Welncy, to the said Port of King's Lynn, has for many Years been chiefly carried on through a certain Drain called the Forty Foot Drain, and the Old Bedford River: And whereas the Trade carried on upon the said pjvers, and through the said Creek and Drains is greatly increased and it is become necessary to clean, depthen, widen and scour the said Rivers, Creek

and Drains, which cannot be effected without a considerable Expense: And whereas the prefen ing and improving of the said Navigations will be a great and general Advantage to the said Port of King's Lynn, and the City of Peterborough, and to all the Towns and Villages situate near the said Rivers, and to the whole adjacent countrymay it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, Cfc.

Commissioners appointed for preserving the Navigation of the River. Inhabitants to meet annually in "their Vestries on Monday in £a/?tr Week, and choose Commissioners. Certificates of the Persons so "chosen to be transmitted to the other Commissioners. Inhabitants neglecting to choose Commissioners "are then to be chosen by the Commissioners at their next Meeting. Vacancies of Commissioners by "Death, C to be filled up within a Month. Notice to be given of Meetings for that Purpose. Tolls "granted for completing the Navigation, viz. For every Chaider of Coals, Hundred of Battens, Half Hundred of other Deals, Load of Timber, Eight Packs of Wool, Weigh of Salt, Load of Wheat, Rape "Linseed, Coalfeed, Barley, Rye, Peas or Bsans, Last of Oats or Barley Bigg, 'two thousand of Turf, Load of Reed, Sedge, Hay, Flax or Hemp, Last of Malt, Thousand of Tiles, Five hundred of "Bricks, twentyfeet of Stone, and every Chaider of Lime, 3d. and the like Sum for every Tonne of other Goods. The Toll vested in the Commissioners. pleasure boats exempted. Collector not to be Keeper of any of the Sluices. Commissioners may borrow a Sum not exceeding 3000l. on the Credit of "the Toils. Commissioners may make Pen Sluices, and let out Towing Paths and Haling Ways, making Satisfaction to the Owners. Nine Commissioners may receive Proposals, but no Contract to be concluded unless 25 be present. Persons interested refuting to treat for the Sale of Lands, a Jury to fettte the Re "verd.ct of the Jury and Judgement of the Commissioners to be conclusive; to be deli "to the Clerk of the Peace. Commissioners may examine Witnesses, and order the Jury to view the "Places. Commissioners to maintain and repair the Towing Paths, and setup Gates and Styles, and erect Bridges where necessary. Where a Breach shall happen, or there be Danger of one in any of the Banks "which the Commissioners are to keep in Repair, the Occupiers of Lands are to give Notice; and if the "same he not timely repaired, they may do it, and the Expenses to be repaid them. Conservators of the "Great Level to erect Ebb Doors at the Sluices. Gates to be erected at the Mouth of Old Bedford River. "Old Bedford River and the Forty Foot Drain may be cleansed. The Conservators neglecting to repair the "Ebb Doors, the Commissioners may do it, and deduct the Expenses out of the annual Sums payable to the Conservators. The Improvement and Preservation of the Navigations to be under the sole Direction of the Commissioners. Boat Matter answerable for the Damage done by his Boat or Crew, &c. Per "fens aggrieved by the Order of any Justice for Offences against this act, may appeal to the Quarter "Order of Justice not to be quashed for want of Form. Destroying or damaging any of the "Works, Felony. Commissioners at their annual Meetings may reduce the Tolls and raise them again ce ifneceflary. Commissioners may summon and examine on Oath Persons intrusted with the Receipt or "Expenditure of Money, and levy the Balance in Arrear, £ffc. by Distress and Sale; and for want of "Distress may commit the Party."

CAP. XIII.

An act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further time for that Purpose. EXP. [Time given to2snov. 1754.]

3

C 14 — 16. 5 57

A.D. 1754. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the Horned Cattle in thiss, e 19 Gn - '

Kingdom. ?o Geo. 1. c. 20. - 5 20 ga>-c'

CAP. XV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, entitled, An act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil difpcfed Persons going armed and disguised, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majestf s Subjects f and for the speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Geo. t. 02a. First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going ar med, '^iuh ]s fl, and disguised, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his maje/hf s Subjects; the speedy bringing the Offenders to Jujhcc; it is amongst other hings enacted, I hat it any Person or Persons, from and after the first o (June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, shall knowingly send any letter without any Name subscribed thereto, or signed with a fictitious Name, demanding Money, Venison, or other valuable Thing, or shall forcibly rescue any Person being lawfully in Custody of any Officer or other Person for any of the Offences in the said Act mentioned, every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall £ Death, as in Cases of felony, without Benefit of Clergy: And whereas diverse Letters have been sent to several of his Majesty's Subjects, threatening their Lives or burning their Houses, which Letters not demanding Money, Venison, or any valuable Effects, are not subject to the Penalties of the said Act: '

To prevent the like mischievous and iniquitous Proceedings for the future, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any perfoirperiwconvict or Persons, from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, shall knowingly ed of sending send any Letter without any Name subscribed thereto, or signed with a fictitious Name or Names, Letter or: llitjt nin?t "Letters, threatening to kill or murder any of his Majesty's Subject or Subjects, or to bum their Houses, ["ccsen ury u out houses, Barns, Stacks of Corn or Grain, Hay or Straw, though no Money or Venison, or other valuable'

Thing shall be demanded in or by such Letter or Letters; or shall forcibly rescue any Person being lawfully.or of tefeuin? in Custody of any Officer or other Person for the said Offence, every Person so offending, being thereofperj°nsin lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without;

Benefit of Clergy. Death! ° "

CAP. XVI.

An act for making perpetual several Laws for Punishment of Persons destroying Turnpikes,

Locks or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament; and that all Acts made for creating Courts of Conference shall be deemed public Acts; and to empower a Certain number of the Trustees of the Britishs Mufeurn to do certain Adds; and for confirming the Table of Fees to be taken by the Clerks to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex; giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contrasts of Clerks and Apprentices; and for filing Affidavits of the Execution of Contrails of Clerks to Attorneys and Solicitors; and for preventing Persons driving certain Carriages from riding upon such Carriages.

WHEREAS an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act 0. 2. C 33,

to explain, amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, t intituled an Act for punishing such Persons as ball wilfully and maliciously pull down and destroy Turn pikes for repairing Highways, or Locks or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament for making Pvivers navigable and also an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, sqeo, _ C ' An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks or othertvorks erected by Act of Parliament for ' m iking Rivers navigable, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; which said Acts expired, and were after wards by an Act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign revived, and were;, g -1 to be in force for the Purpeles therein mentioned from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred cf.

and forty-two, until the first Day of June one thousand fever, hundred and forty seven; and which by another Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty was further continued from., 0GC(, >2.

the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and from.

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, have been found by Experience to fce useful and.

beneficial, and are near expiring May it therefore please your Majesty that it may. be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the lords.spiri — phe recit d Acts tual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the farne5.madepejpemjl. That the said Acts shall be, and the same are hereby made perpetual.

II. And whereas many Inconveniences have arisen by reason several Acts for erecting Courts of re ah ..3^, yor quests or conscience in several Cities, Towns Corporate and other Places, have not been declared to be erecting Cons public Acts; 'Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven of Conscience hundred and fifty-five, all the Acts of Parliament for erecting Courts of Requests or Confidence for the Recovery

558 C 16. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1754.

of small Debts in Cities, Towns Corporate, and other Places in this Kingdom, shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be public Acts, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same. a6 Geo. C 2. 4

III. And whereas by an Act made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti

tilled, an Act for the Purchase of the Museum or gollesiion of s/v.plans Sloane, and of the Harleian Col leslion of Manufcribts, and for providing one General Repoftory for the better Reception and more convenient Use of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions thereto; it is among other Things enacted, That certain Persons in the said Act named, and their successors, shall be Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution; and that they, or the major Part of them, in a General Meeting assembled, whereof the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, and the Speaker of the House of Commons shall be three, hall in such manner as they hall think fit elect and nominate fifteen other Persons to be associated to them in the Executions of the Trusts thereby in them reposed; and when any of the Trustees so elected and nominated hall die, hall in like manner elect and nominate a 4 fit Person or Persons to supply the Place or Places of him or them so dying, and so to tics quoties as any of the said Trustees so elected and nominated, or others so elected and nominated to supply their Places, hall happen to die: And whereas the Powers and Authodties given to the whole Body of the Trustees of the British Museum, by the said Act incorporated, are thereby limited to be exercised by them, or the major < Part of them, at any General Meeting assembled: whereas it majr happen that the said Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, and the Speaker of the House of Commons, may be hindered by Indifp jfition or Avocation from being all of them present at such Elections of Trustees; and it may also happen that the major Part of the whole Number of the Trustees of the British Museum 'el»aions of cannot conveniently be present at every General Meeting of the said Trustees; 'Be it enacted by the Trustees, at Authority aforesaid, That every such Election of a Trustee, at which the said Archbishop of Canterbury, biflio*1 of can'11"lor^ Chancellor or Lord Keeper, and the Speaker of the house of Commons, or any two of them terbury° Lord" be present, shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Arch

chance ilor, Lordbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, and the Speaker of the House of Commons, tkeeper, and were all of them present; and that the Acts and Orders made by the major Part of such Number of the Speaker of the fa; j Trustees, as shall be present at any such General Meeting, so as seven of the said Trustees at the least mens or twctof there present, hall have the same and the like Force and Effect, as if such Acts and Orders were made them, " shall be by the major Part of the whole Number of the said Trustees; anything in the said Act or any Law to the present, contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

and all as done by fe\cn Trustees, deemed valid.

26 Geo. 2. c. 14. 4 ly. And whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the f tiling and afeertahnng the Fees to be taken by Clerks to the Jteftices of the Peace, it is thereby enacted, That the Tables of Fees therein required to be made and approved by the Justices of the Peace at their respective General Quarter sessions throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, should be laid before the Judges at the next Assizes, who are thereby required to ratify and confirm the same in manner as therein mentioned: And whereas no sufficient Provision is therein made for the ratifying and confirming the Tables of Fees made, settled and approved, or to be made, settled and approved by the Justices of the Peace for Tables of Fees the County of Middlesex; 'it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Table of Fees to; C ftic«ein£m°id/le"ta^en by the Clerks to Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, which is or shall from time to time fen, being ap be made, settled and approved by the said Justices for the said County at their General or Quarter sessions, proved u the hall he laid before the Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Picas Quarter sef _ and the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or any two of them, who are hereby authorised and required to fieth t°th*: Lords r£u'fy and confirm such Table offees, in such manner and Form as the same shall be so made, settled and ap chiefyjiiftice°r*pr°ved of, or with such Alterations, Additions or Abatements, as to the said Lord Chief Justice of the King's and chief Baron, Bench, the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas and the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or any or two of them, two of them, shall appear to be just and reasonable; and the said Justices of the Peace for the said County are hereby empowered and required to make a Table of such Fees at their next General or Quarter sessions to be held for the said County after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and to approve or alter the same at the next succeeding General or Quarter sessions, and from Time to Time, and in like manner to make and approve any other Fable of such Fees.

V. And, for the Relief of any Person or Persons, who through Neglect or Inadvertency have omitted to pay the several Rates and Duties, or any Parc thereof, upon Moneys given, paid, contracted or agreed for, wiib or in relation to any Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, who hath been put or placed to or with any Matter or Mistress, to learn any Profession, Trade, or Employment, and to have such Indentures or other Writings! Which contain the Covenants, Articles, Contracts or Agreements, relating to the Service of such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, {lamped within the Times by the several Acts of Parliament for those Purposes respectively limited, or who have also in like manner omitted to inf rt and write in Words at Length, in such Indentures or other Writings as aforesaid, the full Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof received, or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, or agreed, or contracted for, with, or in relation Upon Payment to every such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, as aforesaid; Be it enacted, That upon Payment of the of the u.itics by Rates and Duties upon Moneys, or such Part of such Moneys so neglected or omitted to be paid as afore so^annren?cch bnd, on or before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, to such Person or and renderin'* Persons to whom the same ought to be paid, and tendering the said Indentures or other Writings to be the indentures {lamped at the same Time, or at any Time on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thou to be stumped, fan(] seven hundred and fifty-four, (of which timely Notice is to be given in the London Gazette) the the same to be same Indentures or other Writings shall be good and available in Law or Equity, and may be given in evi valid, S: 1 dence

A.D. 1754. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 17. 559

dence in any Court whatsoever; and the Clerk, Apprentice or Servant therein named, shall be capable of following and exercising their respective intended Trades or Employments, as fully as if the said Rates and Duties so omitted had been duly paid, and the full Sum or Sums received or agreed for as aforesaid, had been inserted; and the Persons who have incurred any Penalties by the omiltions aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from the said Penalties; anything in the said former Acts to the contrary notwithstanding

And whereas diverse Persons through Mistake, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, to the Prejudice of Infants and others, have omitted to cause Affidavits to be made and filed in the proper Of 4 faces, of the actual Execution of several Contracts in Writing, to serve as Clerks to Attorneys and Soli citors, within the Times limited and expressed by certain Acts passed in the twenty second and twenty fourth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, whereby many Persons may be in Danger of incurring the Disabilities in the said Act of the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign specified; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who have omitted to furti1(.r tim cause such Affidavit or Affidavits to be made and filed as aforesaid, and who shall, on or before the firfcallowed to ijer day of Michaelmas Term next, cause one or more Affidavit or Affidavits, to be made and filed in such fons, who have Manner as directed by the said la ft recited Adds, or either of them, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, "U1'611.to fiie freed and discharged, from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Disabilities in the Enid to

Add of the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign mentioned, incurred or to be incurred, forferve as clerks or by reason of any Neglect or Omission, in causing such Affidavit or Affidavits so to be made and filed asto Attorneys as aforesaid, according to the Directions of the said last recited Adds, or either of them; and such Affidavit orcordins to Affidavits so to be made and filed as aforesaid, shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the22 Geo. 2, C p same had been made and filed within the respective Times limited by the said several last recited Adds, or either of them.

VII. And whereas many bad Accidents happen, and great Mischiefs are frequently done upon the Streets and Highways by the Negligence or wilful Misbehaviour of Persons driving Carriages thereon; '

Be it therefore further enacted, That if the Driver of any Cart, Car, Dray or Wagon, shall ride upon The Driver of any such Carriage, not having some other Person on Foot or on Horseback to guide the same (such Carts any Cart, a. c, as are.respectively drawn by one Horse only, or by two Horses abreast, and are condudded by some Person", 110 holding the Reins of such Horse or Horses excepted) or if the Driver of any Carriage whatsoever, on any Part of any Street or Highway, shall by Negligence or wilful Misbehaviour cause any Hurt or Damage too^foot to guide any Person passing or being upon such Street or Highway; every such Driver offending in any of the Cases the same, aforesaid, and being convicted of such Offence, either by. his own Confession, or by the Oath of one or or who shall by more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division Negligence hurt or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding ten Shillings, or shall be committed to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding one nl 're<: Month, at thi Discretion of facti Justice; and every such Driver offending in either of the said Cases, be commme, -! shall and may by Authority of this Add, and without any other Warrant, be apprehended by any Person offender mav b or Persons who shall see such Offence committed, and shall be immediately conveyed or delivered to a apprehended Constable or other Peace Officer, in order to be conveyed before some Justice of the Peace, to be dealt without Was with according to Law., 2nt'

CAP. XVII.

An Act for revelling in the Crown the Power of appointing the Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court of King's Bench; and for the better Regulation of that Office, and of the Inferior Offices thereto belonging; and for rebuilding the King's Bench Prison.

WHEREAS is Majesty King James the First, by his Letters Patent bearing Date at Westminster

the fifteenth Day of May in the fourteenth Year of his Reign, did give and grant to Sir William Smith Knight, his Heirs and Assigns, the Office of Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court of King's Bench, to have, hold, enjoy, exercise and occupy the said Office by himself or themselves, or his or their sufficient deputy or Deputies, for ever; and did also thereby grant to the said Sir William Smith,

his Heirs and Assigns, all Fees and Profits belonging to the said Office, together with the Custody of the Prison and Prisoners thereto committed, as by the said Letters Patent, Relation thereunto being had,

may more at large appear: And whereas the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the said Office, by virtue of several mesne Conveyances and Assurances in the Law, did afterwards become veiled in William Lenthall late of Gnat Hazeley in the County of Oxott, Esquire, deceased: whereas the said William £ Lenthall, by Indenture bearing Date on or about the twenty-fourth Day of February one thousand six.

hundred and eighty-four, in consideration of the Sum of ten thousand Pounds therein mentioned to be

advanced and lent by Sir John Cutler of Westminster, in the County of Middle [ex, Knight and Baronet,

did, amongst other Things, covenant that he and his Heirs should stand seized of the Fee Simple and £ Inheritance of the said Office for securing the Payment of the said Sum of ten thousand Pounds, with

Interest for the same after the Rate of five Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum per Annum to the said Sir £ John Cutler, or histrustees therein named, at certain Days and Times therein mentioned, and long

past: whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign ofs*9 Will.

his late Majesty King Wiliam the Third, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Relief of Creditors in Cases of Escapes; preventing Abuses in Prisons and pretended privileged Places; it was amongst other Things provided. That nothing in the said Act contained should extend to prejudice, impeach, or lessen. any Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of money made or given by, or out of the bid Office off g ' madhal

560 C 17. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1754.

1 Marshal of the Marshalsea or the Court of King's Bench, or the Profits thereof, Ivy the said William 1 Lenthall to the said Sir John Cutler, or to Eclmnnd Boulter Esquire, Executor of the said Sir John Cutler, ' or to any other pc rfon or Persons in Trust for them, or either of them, or to subject the said Office, ' or the Profits thereof, or the Person or Persons in whom the same then were or should be veiled, to nv of the Forfeitures or Penalties in the said recited Act contained, other than such as they were or might be liable unto before the making of the said al, until such Sum or Sums of Money as was or were secured by the aforesaid Aftortgage should be fully satisfied and paid, anything in the said recited Act ' contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; in and by the said recited Act, it was amongst other Things enabled, That all and every Deputation or Deputations, Grant or Grants, at any Time thentofore made or executed by the said 'William Lenthall of the said Office of Marshal of the Marjlm sea of the said Court of King's Bench, was and were thereby declared void and of none Effect; and that every succeeding Marshal should, from Time to Time, and at all Times thenafter, be consti tuted and appointed by the said William Lenthall, his Heirs and Assigns, by and with the Consent in Writing under the Hand and Seal of the said Edmund Boulter, his Executors, Administrators and Af ' signs, until the Debt owing by the said William Lenthall to the said Edmund Boulter, as Executor of the said Sir John Cutler, should be satisfied: whereas by an Account signed by the said ivilliatn Lenthall, on 'or about the twenty sixth Day of June one thousand seven hundred, there appeared to be then due from him, and secured by the said Mortgage of the Office aforesaid, the Sum of twenty thousand four hundred and thirty eight Pounds, ten Shillings and sixpence Halfpenny: And whereas the said Debt was afterwards assigned to Joseph Studley late of Saint Nicholas Lane, London, Gentle man, deceased; the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Office aforesaid by virtue of several mesne Conveyances and Aiiurances in the Law, is now become veiled in Ebenezer Blackwell of Lombard street, C London, Goldsmith, in Truss for the Heirs of the said William Lenthall, and in Trust that he the said Ebenezer Blackwell and his Heirs shall and may, (as there shall be Occasion, until the Debt due on the aforesaid Mortgage shall be satisfied) by and with the Consent of the Executors, Administra tors or Assigns of the said Joseph studley, testified in Writing under their Hands and Seals, and not other wise, constitute and appoint same Person or Persons to execute the Office of Marshal of the Marshalsea

aforesaid, and with the like Consent appoint such other Officers as belong to the same Office: ard whereas the Debt due on the said Mortgage hath been tince assigned to the several Persons and in the several Proportions herein after mentioned, (that is to say) to 'thomas Martin of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, Esquire, eight twentieth Parts thereof; to John aaartin of Overbury, in the county of //v ' cester, Esquire, four twentieth Parts thereof; to the said Thomas and John Martin, as Executors of the Will of Edward Bowman late of London, Citizen and Goldsmith, deceased, four twentieth Parts there ' of, upon the truffs in the said Will mentioned; to John Langmore of Bow Latte, London, Gentleman, ' as Executor of the Will of the said Joseph Studley, one twentieth Part thereof; to the said John Langmore in his "own Right, one Half of one twentieth Part thereof; to Edward Birch of the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, Cordwainer, and Ann his Wife, one Half of one twentieth Part thereof; and to the said Ebenezer Blackwell, two twentieth Parts thereof: And whereas on the firs Day of February one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, there was due for Principal and Interest on the aforesaid Alortgage, the Sum of thirty thousand three hundred and ninety seven Pounds, three Shillings and threepence; and the Proprietors of the said Debt have agreed to accept the Sum of ten thousand and five hundred Pounds, as a Compensation and in full Satisfaction of and for the same: And C whereas the Prison of the Marshalsea of the said Court of King's Bench is decayed by Length of Time, ' and so much out of Repair, that the same in its present Condition is unsafe for the Custody, and dangc rous to the Health of the Prisoners; which Inconveniences cannot be remedied unless the Prison is re built: And whereas the said Office of Alarihal of the Marshalsea aforesaid, is an Office of great trust and Importance, and the granting the same in Fee by King James the First, and the mortgaging the same under such Grant, has been a very great Obstruction to the due Exercise of the said Office, and detrimental to the Authority and jurisdiction of his Majesty's said Court of King's Bench, and to thef Safety of the Prisoners committed to the aforesaid Prison, and injurious to the Suitors of the said Court, C who cannot have any Benefit of the aforesaid Statute made in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign

of his late Majesty King William the Third, until the Debt due on the aforesaid Alortgage shall be paid

and satisfied: 'May it therefore please your most Excellent aljesty, that it imj' be enacted; and Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, 10 ool to be atout or any thu Aids or Supplies granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand

pai'd to Thomas Rvcn hundred and fifty-four, any Sum or bums of Aioney not exceeding the Sum often thousand five

and John Mar hundred Pounds shall and may be issued and paid to the said Thomas Martin, John Martin, John Langmore, tin, John Lang Edward Birch and Ebenezer Blackwell, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, in contidevation of and more, Edward fu]] Satisfaction for the Debt due to them on the fluid Mortgage of the Office of Marshal of the Marshalsea rrezerchckweil al"orefa'd, upon their conveying, assigning and releasing unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, "all ii^discharge^f their Estate, Right, Title and Interest, of, in and to the said Office, and the said Debt so due to them as the Mortgage aforesaid. on the Office of Marshal of the Iilarlhalica,

The rrifon hrv.ife, vviih the Power of ip pointing the

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after the Payment of the said Sum of ten thousand five hundred Pounds to the said Thomas Alar tin, John Martin, John Langmore, Edward Birch and Ebenezer Blackwell, the said Prison of the Marshalsea of the said Coiqt

A.D. 1754. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. C. 17. 561

of King's Bench, and the Site thereof, and the Ground and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and the Maiflul, to ic power of granting the Custody of the said Prison, and the Office of Marshal of the Marjjmfa aforesaid^be re veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and shall for ever thereafter remain and be un crown alienable; subject nevertheless to such Proviso or Condition for p>.edemption thereof, as herein after is men Proviso for rc tioned, and also subject to such Regulations and Provisions, with regard to the Execution of the said Office, dcmp "<«. and to the Government of the said Prison, as are herein after provided, enacted and declared.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Heirs Ths Hein, or Assigns of the before named William Lenthall shall and do, on or before the twenty ninth x5ay of Septem fpf illij!n?j'.cnt' her which shall be in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, exhibit, or cause to, be exhibited, a biu^the Kx^' Bill or Bills in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and final] obtain a Decree thereupon for rq ychetmer, andob demption of the said Office, and shall pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster afore lining a Decree, said, such Sum or Sums of Money as by the find Court of Exchequer they shall be ordered or decreed to 303 dllchar6, n6 pay in discharge of the said Mortgage; then, and in such Case, they shall and 'may repossess and enjoy chs morts'|sp the said Office, in as full and ample Manner as they lawfully might have done if this act had not been made 5 qf5p "pcffi: l1 anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall give, or be construed to give, to the Redemption Heirs or Assigns of the said William Lenthall any Right or Benefit of Redemption of the said Office, which" 0.1 revived as to by reason of the Length of Time, or otherwise, they would not have been entitled to if this act had nottim2,

been made.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after Payment of the said John Ain too the Sum of ten thousand five hundred Pounds, John ashton, Esquire, the present Marshal of the mars>alfeavkft Marthai aforesaid, shall continue to have, hold and enjoy the said Office of Marshal of the Marshalsea aforesaid, and contin "e,

all Fees, Perquisites, Profits, Privileges and Advantages thereto belonging (subject nevertheless to the Proviso for Redemption herein before mentioned) for and during so long Time as he shall behave himself well in his said Office, and shall be resident in the said Prison, or within the Rules thereof, and no longer: And After his Death after the Death, Resignation or Anroval from the said Office of the said John ashton, his Majesty, his r Amoval, the Heirs and Successors, shall have, full Power and Authority (subject nevertheless to the Proviso for Re xln£ oappolnt° demption herein before mentioned) to nominate, constitute and appoint, by his or their Letters Patent, or by his or their Sign Manual, such Personas his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think fit and proper, to be Marshal of the Marshalsea aforesaid; so, from Time to Time, to nominate, constitute and appoint the Marshal of the Marshalsea aforesaid, when and as often as the said Office shall become vacant by Death, Resignation or otherwise; every such Person, so nominated, constituted or appointed Marshal of the Marshalsea aforesaid, shall have, hold and enjoy the said Office, and all Fees, Perquisites,

Profits, Powers, Privileges and Advantages thereto belonging, for and during so long Time as such Marshal shall behave himself well in his said Office, and shall be resident in the said Prison, or within the Rules thereof, and no longer; and all Grants of the said Office shall be made accordingly, or otherwise shall be void.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Marshal of the themarftsl.ms Marshalsea aforesaid, and all inferior Officers belonging to the said Office of Marshal, and the Prisoners Officers and pri committed and to be committed to the Prison aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times here [^ruwroade0 after, be regulated and governed by such Rules and Orders as have been, or shall be for that Purpose made; n pursuance of and provided, in pursuance of the Directions of an act of Parliament made in the second Year of the a Geo. 2. C zz. Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of

their Persons; and the said Marshal, and the inferior Officers aforesaid, shall accept and take such Fees to

only as have been, or shall be appointed and settled in pursuance of the said hit mentioned aet, and no vlhltare there" other or greater Fee or Reward whatsoever. by allowed.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after Payment of the The Mafftal to said Sum of ten thousand five hundred Pounds, the Marshal of the Marshalsea aforesaid for the Time being, have the ap shall have the Nomination and Appointment of all such inferior Officers as now are belonging, or hereto pointment of; n fore have usually belonged to the Office of Marshal of the Marshalsea aforesaid; all inferior Officers nr Officers, who shall be appointed in pursuance of this act, shall hold their several Offices during so long Time as C

they shall respectively behave themselves well therein, and no longer; and all Grants of the said inferior Offices shall be made accordingly, or otherwise shall be void.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That as well The Marinal and the Marshal of the Marshalsea aforesaid, as the inferior Officers to be nominated and appointed in pursuance interior Officers and by virtue of this act, shall be subject and liable to be amoved from their respective Offices by Order or mai'b= vcmoved Rule of his Majesty's said Court of Kings Beach, in case of any such non residence or other neglect of Duty, or any such Misbehaviour in their said Offices respectively, as the said Court of King's Bench fha think sufficient Cause for such Amoval, upon any Complaint to lie made against such Marshal, or any such inferior Officer, by Motion or Petition, in a summary Way.

IX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, at any Time after Payment of the said Sum of ten thousand five hundred Pounds, shall bargainor sell the said Office of Marshal of the Marshalsea aforesaid, or any inferior Office thereto belong jnttrr; 0). office' ing, or any Deputation of any such Office or Offices, "or any Part or Parcel of any of them, or receive, theveio belong have or take any Money, See, Reward, or any other Profit, directly or indirectly, or take any Pro ing, s C mise, Agreement, Covenant, Bond, or any Assurance to receive or have any Money, See, Reward or

other Profit, directly or indirectly, for any such Office or Offices, or any Deputation or Deputations of

Vol. VII rc any

lor kcglect or Misbehaviourw

Persons

C the oreee of

562 C 17.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II.

A.D.

to forfeit their Right in the Offices, See.

held.

1 754-

any such Office or Offices, or for any Part of any of them, or to the Intent that any Person Should have, exercise or enjoy any such Office or Offices, or any Deputation or Deputations of any such Office or Offices, or any fart of any of them; then all and every such Person and Persons who shall so bargain or sell any such Office or Offices, Deputation or Deputations, or who shall take any Money, See, Reward or Profit for any such Office or Offices, or any Deputation or Deputations of any of the said Offices, or any Part of any of them, or who shall take any promise, Covenant, Bond or Assurance for any Money, Reward or Profit to be given for any such Office or Offices, or any Deputation or Deputations of any of the said Offices, or any Part of any of them, shall lol'e and forfeit all his and their Right, Interest and Estate, which such Person or Persons hall then have, of, in or to any of the said Offices or Deputations, or any Part of any of them, of or in, or to the Gift or Nomination of any of the said Offices or Deputations, for which Office or Offices, Deputation or Deputations, or for any Part of any of them, any such Person or Persons ball so make any Bargain or Sale, or take or receive any Sum of Money, See, Reward or Profit, or any Promise, Covenant, Bond or Assurance to have or receive any Fee, Reward, Money or and the PurchasProfit; and that all and every Person and Persons who shall give or pay any Sum of Money, Reward or fer disabled to See, or shall make any Promise, Agreement, Bond or Assurance to give or pay any Sum of Money, Reward or See for any of the said Offices, or for the Deputation or Deputations of any of the said Offices, or any Part of any of them, shall immediately, upon the same See, Money or Reward being given or paid, or upon any such Promise, Covenant, Bond or Agreement being had or made for any Fee, Sum of Money or Reward to be paid as aforesaid, be adjudged, and is and are hereby declared to be a disabled Person or Persons in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, to have, occupy or enjoy the said Office or Offices, Deputation or Deputations, 'or any Part of any of them, for which such Person or Persons shall so give or pay any Sum of Money, See or Reward, or make any Promise, Covenant, Bond or other Assurance to give or pay any Sum of Money, See or Reward whatsoever.

X Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this al contained shall extend, or be construed to extend in any wise to prejudice any Person who at any Time heretofore hath purchased any inferior Office or Place belonging to the Office of Marshal of the Marshalsea Mortgagee?, and aforesaid, of or from any Person or Persons claiming under the aforesaid Mortgage of the twenty-fourth now in Pot' Day of February one thousand six hundred and eighty-four, and who is now in possession of such Office or

session. Place; but that every such Person who hath so purchased any such inferior Office as aforesaid, shall and

to hold the nme may anj enjoy t]le farne in the same manner as he might have done, if this Act had not been made; forth^execution anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; giving such Security for the due Execution of his Office to the Marshal of the Marshalsea for the Time being, as his Majesty's Court of King's Bench shall direct and appoint; and shall have Power to sell or dispose of such Office or Place to any Person who shall contract or agree for the Purchase thereof; so as such Sale or Disposition be made by Deed

of Assignment, or by Words of Assignment endorsed on the Back of the Grant of the said Office or Place, and be made with the Approbation and Consent of the said Court of King's Bench (if in Term Time)' or with the Approbation and Consent of the Lord Chief Justice, or any other of the Justices of the said Court for the Time being, during any Vacation; and ever)' such Purchaser illal 1 by virrue of such Assignment be seized and possessed of the said Office for so long Time as he shall well behave himself in the said Office, but shall be amoveable in a summary Way as aforesaid, and shall be subject to the Regulations herein before mentioned, and shall have no Power to sell or dispose of the same; and shall give such Security for the due Execution of his Office to the Marshal of the Marshalsea, as the said Lord Chief Justice, or any of the Justices of the said Court, shall direct and appoint.

VI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Elcnezer black d^lltlcfnheic^n'" wd^'i as Trustee for the Heirs and Assigns of the said William Lcntball, and the said than.as Martin and jppnirui d, in John Martin., as Executors and Trustees named in the Will of the said Edward Bowman, shall not be ijiitciflion of liable to any Claim or Demand whatsoever, either at Law or in Equity, which shall or may be made or he Debt secured olaimed by the Heirs or Assigns of the said William Lenthall, or by any other Person or Persons claiming the yjffi/cof f un^cr him or then's or by any Person or Persons claiming under the Will of the said Edward Bowman, Mai'fh'al, indem (°, r or n resp_e£l of any Breach of Trull or supposed Breach of Trust by the said Ebenezer Bind: cell,

Jiified.

Persons who have purchased any inferior of fice from the

cf such Office 5 and may assign the same with Consent of the Court, C

The Purchaser subject to the Regulations.

The Persons ac

ot their Estate, Right, Title and Interest in the said Office, in pursuance of this Act, cut they the said Ebenezer Blackwell, Thomas Martin and John Martin, and every of them, are and is and shall be, by virtue of this Act, indemnified and laved harmless from all Claims and Demands whatsoever, of any Person or

Thomas and John ivlirtin to be paid heir Expenses.

do or cause to be done in pursuance of this Act, or for the better carrying the same into Execution.

XII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Thomas Martin and John Martin to deduct and retain to themselves, out of the trust moneys which shall or may come to, their Hands by virtue of this Act, a proportionable Part of all inch Coils, Charges and Expenses, as they shall have respectively sustained or been put unto, in relation to the said Mortgage of the said Office of Marshal of the Marshalsea aforesaid.

A.D. 1754. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. C. 17. 563

j sued for rebuilding the Prison

XIII. And to the end that the Suitors of the said Court of King's Bench may have the full Benefit of the The clj«r« of

aforesaid Act of Parliament of the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third; it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after pejicd atte/i'iy payment of the fin'd Sum often thousand five hundred Pounds, the herein before recited Clauses of the ment of 10, 300l. said A (St shall be and are hereby repealed.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said John Ashton, thrmar/haj,*. his Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, and all other Person and Persons whomsoever, shall be, pent of anr and is, and are hereby exonerated, freed and discharged, from the Payment of all or any Sum or Sums ofsuln for holding Money, to the said Thomas Martin, John Marlin, John Langmore, Edouard Birch, and Ebenezer Blackwe I, his Office, from their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, or any of them, or to any other Person or Persons '* l-s> whomsoever, for or upon account of holding, using or exercising the Office of Marshal of the Marshalsea aforesaid, from and after the twelfth Day of February which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, by virtue of any Lease, Contract or other Agreement whatsoever; any such Lease, Contrail or Agreement whatsoever, or any Law, Statute, Usage or other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That by and out of all or any of 7, 8oo). to be if the Aids or Supplies granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and1' 1 " fifty-four, there shall and may be ifl ued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of seven thousand eight hundred Pounds, for defraying the Expense of rebuilding the said Prison of the Marshalsea of the said Court of King's Bench, in such Manner, and at such Place, within the Rules of the

laid Prison, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them shall direct, by Writing under his or their Hands.

XVI. And whereas it may be necessary to purchase Lands or Tenements, for the more commodious Bodies Politic,

rebuilding the aforesaid Prison; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Trustees, Mortgagees, and foreti, e Commo' Feoffees in ft rust, Guardians of Infants, and Committees of Lunatics and Tdcots, Executors and Admi — diousrebuilding nistrators whatsoever; and also to and for all Femes Covert, and all and every other Person and Persons the Prifan. whomsoever, who are or shall be seized, possessed of, or interested in, any Lands ortencmentsj within the Rules of the said Prison, to bargain and fell the same to such Person or Persons, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, or any three or more of them, or the Pligh Treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall, by Writing under his or their Hands, appoint to contrail for the Purchase thereof, for the Purpose aforesaid; such Lands and Tenements so to be purchased, shall be conveyed to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Deed or Deeds, to be enrolled in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench aforesaid; all Contrails, Agreements and Sales, and all Conveyances, by such Deeds enrolled as aforesaid, which shall be made by any such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Persons aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute or Usage or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding: And all and every Sum and Sums of Monej', which shall be paid to or for 'rlie purchase the Use of any such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, for the f'j 'hjpjf* Purchase of any Lands or Tenements, for the Purposes of this Aif, shall be respectively laid out and in chase of o her vested in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to the

to and upon, and subject to such Titles, Uses, Trulls, Limitations, Remainders and Contingencies, as use.

the Lands and Tenements, sold for the Purpose of this Act, were settled, limited and assured, at the Time of such Sale, and shall be held and enjoyed accordingly; and until such purchase money shall be re invested in Lands as aforesaid, the same shall be laid out in the Purchase of Stocks in some of the public Funds, monevu> he*' or placed out on Government or real Securities at Interest, and such Interest shall be paid to or for the placed in the Use of such Person or Persons, as would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Te Funds, nements so sold for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid

And it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when such Prison After the Prison shall be rebuilt as aforesaid, the Marshal of the Marshalsea aforesaid for the Time being, shall from Time to Time, and at all Times from thenceforth, at his own Costs and Charges, by and out of the Fees and the I'ame Profits incident to his said Office, well and sufficiently repair and keep in good Repair the said Prison, and; n Repair", all the Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging; and the said Prison so rebuilt, and the Buildings and Ground thereto belonging with the Appurtenances, shall remain unalienably veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever.

tors, Administrators or Assigns, or which he or they can or may have or claim of, in or to all those two Messuages with the Appurtenances, situate, lying and being in Southwark in the County of Surrey, whereof heretofore one was called The Angel, and is now, or late was, called or known by the Name of the King's Bench; and the other call 1 The Crane j and all Tenements, Houses and Gardens to the said Messuages, or either of them, belonging or appertaining; and a piece.of Ground behind the said Garden, demised by one Richard fulmariion by in.lenuire dated the sixteenth Day of December in the eight and thirtieth Year of the Reign of Henry the Eighth, late King of England, to one John Mafic, for twenty-one Years, Parcel of the Lands and Possessions then exchanged with the said Richard Fulni rjhn, and lately in the Tenure of George Rtpulls, under the yearly Rent of two'"

4 C 2

and twenty Pounds and ten Shillings; which

laid

said two Messuages, and the said Gardens, Piece of Ground, and premisses thereto belonging, in and by certain Letters Patent under the Seal of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer., bearing Date at Westminster the eleventh Day of March in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, were, among other

fjfar Things, demised and granted by his Majesty unto the said Thomas Duke of Leeds, his Executors, admi tur 3ic4, r nistrators and Assigns, for and during the Term of thirty-one Years, from the Date of making the said

t. 2s. Letters Patent.

CAP. XVIII.

An act to continue several Laws for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written, and printed in Great Britain; for the free Importation of Cochineal or Indico, and relating to Rice, Frauds in the Customs, the clandestine Running of Goods, and to Copper Ore; and for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; and to authorise the Payment of the Bounty to Alexander Broun and others, upon a Ship fitted out for the Whale Fishery, and lost in the Greenland Seas; and for the more effectual Payment of the Bounties upon Britifj made Sail Cloth to Robert 'Donald and others.

WHEREAS the several Laws herein after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiringmay it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and Be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho part of 12 Geo. rity of the same, That so much of an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, niied b' 'o'c'eo Hitituled, An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written, and " "ec 47. fat}ha pr nte^: n Great Britain; and for repealing so much of an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late continued to 29 Majesty fhieen Anne, as impoivers the limiting the Prices of Books, which Act was to continue in Force from Sept. 1760. ant the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, for the Space of seven agam by 33 Ca. Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act made in 2. C 16. the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written, and printed in Great Britain, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

7 Geo. 2. c. 18.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the seventh Year of further conti the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Revival of an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal, V - fa":, IT1' during the Time therein limited, and also for the free Importation, of Indico; which was to continue in It. Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, for the Term of

seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another jj Geo. 2. c. 34. Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty was further continued from the

Expiration thereof, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from

20 Geo. C 47* thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

1 Geo. 2. c. 28.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the third Year of the further conti Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's pro g/'carolina in America, dtredily to any Part of Europe southivardcfgeapz Finisterre, in Ships built in, h 33ge>. 2. and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; which was to be in Force for five Years jo. from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and from thence to the

s Geo. 2. c. 19. End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to continue the said Act from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of

September one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty's Province of Georgia in America (which said 23 Geo. 2. C 33. Acts were, by an Act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament) and which was by another Act so Geo. 2. c. 47. made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Clauses in 5 Geo.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Clauses in an Act ' e, ' crmade in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act a rainji clandestine Runrdut

continued to 2o r 7;

176c. and CJ unaytomed hoods j and j or the more effectual preventing of trends relating to the Lujtoms, relating to

such

A.D. 1754. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 18. 565

such foreign Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, as shall be taken in at Sea, out of any Ship or Vessel, in h 33 Get.

order to be landed or put into any other Ship or Vessel or Boat; and also relating to Goods not reported - ' j5.

and found after clearing Ships; and whereby further Remedies are provided against relanding Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and foreign Goods dripped out for Parts beyond the Seas; and also relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board Ships outward bound; and also relating to hovering Ships or Vessels, of the Burden of fifty Tonnes or under; and also concerning the Bales or

Package in which Coffee shall be exported; and also relating to Rum imported in Cades or Vessels, not

containing twenty Gallons at the lead; and also relating to Certificate Goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland, which were to have Continuance for the Term of three Years, from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament respectively; which by another Act passed in the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, were continued, 9 Geo. 1. C S. from the Expiration of the several and respective Terms therein mentioned, for the'1'erm of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses by an Act made in the feeond Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the twenty-ninth Geo. 2. c. 28. Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, 8 Geo. 2. c. 2;. were further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act made in the fifteenth and sixteemh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further con 15 Geo. 2. c. 33. tinued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued from the Expiration 20geo. 2. c. 47. thereof, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the eighth Year of the S Geo. 1. c. 1?.

Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger further continu -- infection thereby; and to prevent Ships breaking their fhjarentine; and to fuijctt Copper Ore of the Production 29,

of the British Plantations, to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subject, 2. T

which was to be in force for two Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred 16.

and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several

subsequent Acts (except the Clauses obliging all Ships and Vessels to perform Quarantine,) was to have fur Exception.

there Continuance to the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to

the End of the then next Session of Parliament 3 and which by an Act made in the twentieth Year of the 20 Geo. 2. c. 47-,

Reign of his present Majesty, was intended to be further continued to the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; but by Mistake, the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, was

inserted therein, instead of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; and which by an Act made in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the 21 Geo. 2. c. 33.

Expiration thereof, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the twelfth Year of 12 Ann. ft. r. the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making oj' 1<5,

Sail Cloth in Great Britain, which was to continue in force for seven Years, and from thenee to the End of ^to'z^sl'p' " the then next Session of Parliament; and which was by an Act made in the fifth Year of his late majesty's nho. '

p.eign, further continued for the Perm of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session 5 Geo. 1. c. 25, of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, i0gej. ic. 17. was further continued for the Term of seven Years, and from thenee to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, 8 Geo. 2. c. 18, was further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the first Day of June one 15 Geo. 2. c. 35, thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was 20geo. 2. c. 45, further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one theu L sand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. Farther cmhued

by 33 Geo. 2. C I y. to 29 Srft. 1767.

VII. And whereas by two Acts of Parliament made in the fixt'n and twenty fccend Years of the Reign of 6 Geo. 2. c. 33.

his present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty's british 2lgeo z C s C Subjects, a Bounty of forty Shillings per Tonne, under certain Regulations mentioned in the Hid Acts, is to be paid by the receiver-general of the Custotns to the Matters or Owners of Ships employed in the 28 gw. 2, C Whale Fishery in the Greenland Seas, or Davis's Streighis, on their Return to this Kingdom: And whereas C 22' 2 3>;

Alexander Brown and George Steel, did, on the Behalf of themselves and Partners, fit out in the Year one

2 5 thousand

5 66

The Treasury my pay the Bounties to Alexander Brown and George Steel, for their Vcjll ls lull in thegieen i.md Seas.

1, 358 )« 113. jo d. to be paid to robertdonalj and Company, and to John stevenson and Company, out of the Old Subsidy in Scotland, applicable to Incidents.

C 19. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1754.

thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, a Ship called the Hopetoun, for the Whale Fishery in the Grern land Seas, in the manner prescribed and appointed by the said Acts, and which said Ship was actually £ employed in the said Fishery, but was unavoidably lost in the said Seas; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, sir all be, and he or they are hereby empowered todireft, if he or they think fit, the Payment of the Bounties which the said Alexander Brown and Georg' Steel, and their Partners, would have been entitled to in case the said Ship had returned to this Kingdom; anything in the said two f veral Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas several Sums of Money, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of one thousand three hundred and fifty-eight Pounds eleven Shillings and ten Pence, are due to John Stevenson and Company, ' and Robert Donald and Company, for Bounties upon British made Sail Cloth exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, on or before the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty;

t of and

- by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Sums of Money due to Robert Donald and Company, and to John Stevenson and Company, for Bounties upon British made Sail Cloth exported on or before the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of one thousand three hundred and fifty-eight Pounds eleven Shillings and ten Pence, shall be, and the same are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid out of such Parts of the Old Subsidy collected in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as are applicable to the Payment of Incidents.

CAP. XIX.

An act for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiff's, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford, and Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation; and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level, and for the more effectual draining and prderving the said North Level, and diverse Lands adjoining thereto in the Manor of Cropland.

PR.

15 Car. 2, C 17. 2.0 Car, 2. C 8. Law of Seweis in 6 Car. 1.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the draining of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, reciting, That Francis Earl of Bedford, according to a Law of Sewers made at King's Lynn in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the First, had undertaken the draining of the ibid Great Level therein mentioned to be situate within the Counties of Northampton, Norfolk, Suffolk, Lincoln, Cambridge and Huntingdon, and the Isle of Ely, and therein particularly *hounded and described; that he was to have for his Recompence ninety five thousand Acres of the Ground within the said Level, with convenient Highway's and Passages to the lame, and the new River, Cuts and Drains, to be made by the said Earl and his Assigns, and the Banks of the same, and the Forelands in the Iilfide of the said Banks, not to exceed sixty Foot in Breadth; and that William Earl of Bidford, Son and Heir of the said Earl Francis, with diverse of his Adventurers and Participants, had proceeded in the compleating and finishing the said Works; but that the same could not be preserved without constant Care, great Charge, and orderly Government; it was therefore (amongst other Things)

enacted, That the said William Earl of Bedford, and the Adventurers and Participants of the said Earl Francis, and Earl William, or either of them, their Heirs and Assigns, in such manner as therein after is contained, should be a Body Politic and Corporate in Deed and Name, and have Succession for ever, by the Name of The Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, with Power to lay and levy Taxes upon the said ninety five thousand Acres only, for Support, Maintenance and Preservation of the said Great Level, and do all other Things in order to tyre Support, Maintenance and Preservation of the said Great Level and Works made, and to be irade, in such manner as therein is mentioned; and taking Notice, that by the said Law of Sewers twelve thousand Acres, Parcel of the said ninety five thousand Acres, were deligaed and intended to his said late Majesty King Charles the First, and had been set forth and allotted by Bounds in Severalty; and that his said late Majesty had granted two thousand Acres, Part thereof, to Jerome Earl of Portland, his Heirs and Assigns; and that the said Earl had sold about one thousand five hundred Acres, Part of the said two thou fund Acres, to several Pc dons, and had conveyed the remaining five hundred Acres to Benjamin ite/lon Esquire, on several Trulls; it was thereby further enacted, that the said two thousand Acres, or such other Lands of equal Value, as should be let forth in Exchange of the same, should he and were thereby veiled, settled, and established in the said several Persons, their Heirs and Assigns respectively, to whom the said Earl of Portland had conveyed the same, to be held of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of the Manor of enjlgreenvjich, by Fealty only, in free and common Socage, subject nevertheless with the Residue of the said ninety five thousand Acres, in equal Proportion to all Taxes and Charges

A.D. 1754. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 19. 567

necessary and conducing to the Preservation of the said Great Level from drowning; and it was thereby further enacted, That the eighty-three thousand Acres, Remainder of the said nintty five thousand Acres, e with the said Ways, passages, new Rivers, Cuts, Drains, Banks and Forelands, over and above the said ten thousand Acres, Residue of the said twelve thousand Acres, which were allotted in Severalty, and of which his said late Majesty was in possession, were thereby veiled and settled in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, and their successors, intrust for the said William tar] of Bedford, and the Adven turers and Participants of the said Earl Francis and Earl William, or either of them, their Heirs and Assigns, in such manner as is therein after limited and provided, and according to such Parts and Proportions as they respectively then held and enjoyed, or by virtue of the said Act ought to hold and enjoy,

subject and liable likewise to the Payment of all Taxes and Charges as aforesaid, to be held of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors, of the Manor of East Greenwich, by Fealty, in free and common Socage; and the said ten thousand Acres were thereby veiled in his then present Majesty, and his Assigns'

'subject and liable with the Residue of the said ninety five thousand Acres, to the iametaxes and Charges

before specified; it is thereby further enacted, That the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators of the said Corporation for the Time being, or any five or more of them, whereof the said Governor or Bailiffs, or their successors, or any of them, to be two, for Maintenance and Preservation of the said Great Level, by convenient Outfalls to the Sea, should for ever thereafter be, and were thereby made and constituted Commissioners of Sewers for and of the said Great Level of the Fens; and the said Governor. Bailiffs and Conservators, or any five or more of rhem, whereof the said Governor or Bailiffs,

and their successors, or any of them, to be two, are thereby enabled and empowered from thenceforth,

to use and exercise the Power and Authority of Commissioners of Sewers, within the said Great Level of the Fens, and of the Works made and to be made without the said Great Level, for conveying the Wa

of the said Great Level, by convenient Outfalls to the Sea, in such Manner, and with such other Powers, Jurisdictions and Authorities, as are therein mentioned and contained: And whereas by another

Act of Parliament made and pafl ed in the twentieth Year of his said late Majesty King Charles the Second, 20 Car. 2. cs.

entitled, An Act for the taxing and aj/ij/ing of the Lands of the Adventurers within the Great level of the

Fens, after reciting in Part the last recited Act, and that the Way therein mentioned of raising Draining taxes upon the said ninety five thousand Acres, by an equal acre rate, had been found inconvenient, it -1 was enacted, That all Taxes thereafter to be set and imposed for the Maintenance and Preservation of the said Great Level, should be from Time to Time afieffed and taxed by the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or their Successors, or any five or more of them, whereof the said Governor and Bailiffs for the Time being, or any of them, to be two, upon the said eighty-three thousand Acres, Part and Parcel of the said ninety five thousand Acres, by a gradual acre tax of different Sorts and Values of

Lands, to be received, paid and levied, by fmh Ways and Means as in the said recited Act are provided;

and that the said eighty-three thousand Acres, for raisingtaxcs for Support and Maintenance of the

Great Level, should not be rated or afieffed otherwise or in any other manner than according to a gradual'

acre tax of different Sorts and Degrees, and according to the respective Values and Rates thereby set and'

rated, and to be set and rated, as is therein after appointed: And it was thereby further enacted, That

when and so often as the Sum of six thousand one hundred and ten Pounds seven Shillings and onepenny halfpenny should be taxed and afieffed upon the said ninety five thousand Acres, that then the said twelve thousand Acres should be rated and assessed at fifteen Pence the Acre, and according to that Proportion,

for the raising of any greater or lester Sum than six thousand one hundred and ten Pounds seven Shillings.

and one Penny halfpenny, to be received, paid and levied, together with Penalties, in such and the like

manner as the Taxes set and imposed, or to be set and imposed, upon the said eighty-three thousand'

Acres, are thereby provided for to be received, paid, and levied: And to the end that the said eighry

three thousand Acres might be more equally rated by a gradual acre tax, not under the Number of seven Sorts, it was thereby further enacted, That certain "Persons in the same Act named, or any three or more of them, were thereby constituted and appointed to be Surveyors and Valuers of the said eighty-three thousand Acres, and were, witlvn the Time therein limited, to digest the said eighty-three thousand.

Acres into such Number of Sorts or Degrees of Land, not under the number of seven Sorts and Degrees,

and to rate and tax such Degrees, and digest the same into Schedules in Writing, and make Returns thereof,

upon their Oaths, into the fen office, in such manner as in and by the said Act is mentioned and directed,

And whereas the several Persons by the said last recited Act appointed to be Surveyors or Valuers, valued.

and set out the said eighty-three thousand Acres, according to the Directions thereby given, into eleven.,

different Sorts or Degrees of Land, to be rated and taxed in manner following; that is to say, For a ftngle Tax, fourpence per Acre on the first Sort of Land; eight Pence per Acre on the second Sort; and to increasing fourpence upon every Sort; the eleventh Sort to be taxed at three Shillings and eight Pence

And all greater or less Sums which the Lid Corporation should have occasion to raise, were to be rated

and afieffed in the like Proportions; which Valuations of the said Surveyors were returned by them into the fen office, as by the said last mentioned Abl was directed; and the said eighty-three thousand Acies have always ftnee been taxed according to the Degrees and Propo: tions thereby et out and allotted, calling

a Tax of fourpence on the first Sort of Land, and increasing on the ten other Sorts in manner aforesaid' '

a single Tax; five Pence a Tax and Quarter; sixpence a Tax and Half; seven Pence a Tax and three Quarters; and eight Pence a Double 'Fax: And whereas at a Court of the said Corporation, held the Court of ciryor tenth Day of March one thousand six hundred and ninety seven, the said Corporation declared that the said Great Level shouli be distinguished by the several Names of the North Level, Middle Level, and South' '

Level i and that ail that Part of the said ninety five thousand Acres, which, lay between tre North Side of Mcrcton s Leame, and the South Side of Willand River, should be accounted that Part of the ninety

568

Debt of the Corporation acladj duy 1728,

C t9. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1754.

five thousand Acres lying within th t North Level: And whereas the said Corporation, in order to support and preserve the several Works for draining the said Great Level, were obliged to borrow several Sums of Money on Bonds, under their Common Seal; and by that means, at Ladyday one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, had contracted Debts, amounting in the Whole to the principal Sum of seven teen thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds; and some new Works being necessary for better draining the said North Level, Part of the said Great Level, by Indenture bearing Date the twenty-ninth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, and made, or mentioned to be made, between the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Level of the Fens, of the one Part, and the most Noble William Duke of Devonshire, Guardian of the most Noble wriothejiey then duke of Bedford, a Minor, and the Right Honourable Henry then Earl of Lincoln, of the other Part; after reciting the said act of the fifteenth Year of his late Majesty King Charles the Southeast cond; and that the said Great Level of the Fens was then distinguished by the several Names of the North Level, the Middle Level, and the South Lroel; and that such Part of the said Great Level, as was distinguished by the Name of the North Level, did contain about forty thousand Acres of Land, of which there were about eleven thousand six hundred Acres of Land, subject to the said Taxes, and that the said Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln were Owners or Proprietors of great Part thereof; and further reciting, That the said Duke of Devonshire, as Guardian of the said Duke of Bedford, and the said Earl of Lincoln, for the Preservation of the respective Estates of the said Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln, in the said North Level, did in the then lait Summer actually lay out and expend the Sum of three thousand four hundred Pounds, the Moneys of the said Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln, in proportion to their said respective Estates, in regaining and keeping open the Outfall for the Waters of the said North Level to Sea, and in doing several other necessary and material Works, which had tended greatly towards the Draining and Preservation of all the Estates in the said North Level; but by reason of the many and fre quest Floods which had of late Years happened, and the Insufficiency of the Banks and Works of the said North Level to refill the same, and particularly by reason of the Weakness and lowness of the Bank on the North Side Moretons Leame Wash, next the said North Level, the greatest Part of the Lands within the said Level had then lately been, and were subject to be drowned, so that little or no Profit could be 'made thereof, nor could the aid North Level be effectually drained or secured for the future, unless the said North Bank was to be enlarged and strengthened; and therefore the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty had resolved to make a Canal in the said Wash, and other Works there, for Lengthening and enlarging the said North Bank, the Charge of all which would amount at least to six thousand six hundred Pounds; and further reciting, That the said Duke of Devonshire, on the said Duke of Bedford's 4 Behalf, and with his Consent, and the said Earl of Lincoln, at the Request of the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, had agreed to advance the said six thousand six hundred Pounds, for the Purposes aforesaid, in proportion to their said respective Estates in the said North Level, and that the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty had agreed that the Taxes, Revenues, an 1 Rents, annually laid and arising upon and out of the Lands in the said North Level only, should be made a Security for Repayment as weil of the said three thousand four hundred Pounds, then already laid out, as for the said six thousand six hundred Pounds to be laid out, and Interest at the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum; and were desirous, and had proposed, that the said Duke of Devonshire, and Earl of Lincoln, should have not only the Direction and Disposal of the said six thousand six hundred Pounds, in making the said Canal and other new Works, but also that the said Duke of Devonshire, and Earl of Lincoln, during the Minority of the said Duke of Bedford, and afterwards the said Duke of Bedford, and Earl of Lincoln, their respective Heirs and Assigns, should have the Direction, Disposal, and Management of the said Taxes, Revenues, and Rents of the said North Level, to be by them employed and disposed in and about the repairing and maintaining the Works of the said North Level, and making and supporting such other Works as should be necessary or conducing to the effectual draining, securing, and preserving of the said North Level; and for and towards the Payment of the said Principal Sums of three thousand four hundred Pounds, and six thousand six hundred Pounds, with Interest as aforesaid, until the said Principal Sums of three thousand four hundred Pounds, and six thousand six hundred Pounds, and Interest, should be fully paid and satis fied; it is witnessed, That in consideration of the Premises, and for securing the Repayment of the said several Sums of three thousand four hundred Pounds, and six thousand six hundred Pounds, and Interest 4 'as aforesaid; for the better enabling the said Dukes of Devonshire and Bedford, and the said of Lincoln, to complete their good Designs of effectually draining, securing, and preferring the said North Level, by making the said Canal and other works, which the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty were len fible would be of great Benefit and Advantage to all the Estates in the same Level; they the said Gover nor. Bailiffs, and Commonalty, for themselves and their Successors, did covenant and agree, to and with the said Dukes of Devonshire and Bedford, and the said Earl of Lincoln respectively, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, that it should and might be lawful to and for the said Duke of Drvcnshire, and Earl of Lincoln, their Agents or Servants, duly authorised, during the Minority of the said Duke of Bedford, and after the said Duke of Bedford should have attained his Age of twenty-one Years, and should have confirmed that Agreement, for the said Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln, their respective Heirs and Assigns, their Agents or Servants, duly authorised, without the Interruption or Denial of the said Governor. Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or their Successors, to ask for and demand, have, receive, and take of and from the receiver-general for the Time being of the said Corporation yearly, and every Year, as the same should become due, and be paid to the said receiver-general, so much and such Part of the said Taxes, to be annually laid on the said ninety five thousand Acres, as should be the Share and Proportion of the Lands within the said North Level liable thereto, together with all other the rents and Revenues

A.D. 1754. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 19.

whatsoever of the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, in the said North Level, including the Share and Proportion of the Taxes laid upon the Lands within the said North Level for that present Year and the said Rents and Revenues due and payable for the same Time; and it was thereby declared and agreed, That the yearly Sum of one hundred Pounds, payable by the Heirs oralligns of Si r Charles Or by deceased, to the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and their Succeii ors, should be esteemed and taken as Part of the said Revenue arising within the said North Level; and the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty did thereby authorise, empower, and require the said receiver-general for the Time being, to pay yearly, and every yyar, as the same should become due and be paid to him, all the said Taxes, Rents, ' and Revenues of the said North Level, unto the said Dukes of Devon fire and Bedford, and Lari of / in coin respectively, their respective Heirs and Alllgns, or their Servants or Agents, without any further or other Warrant to be had from the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty for that Purpose:

That the said receiver-general for the Time being Ikould retain and keep so much of the said Taxes,

Rents, and Revenues of the said North Level as Should be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the yearly Intereil of the Principal Sum of two thousand Pounds, thentofore taken up upon the Common Seal of the said Corporation for the Service of the said Level, until the Principal Sum of two thousand Pounds should be paid off and discharged: And it was thereby declared end agreed, That the said Taxes, Rents,

and Revenues, so to be paid to the said Dukes of Devon fire and Bedford, and Earl of Lincoln respectively,

their Heirs or Assigns, Should be retained, employed, applied, and disposed of, in the first place, for repairing and maintaining all the Works of the said North Le el, and making and supporting such other Works as should be necessary or conducing to the effectual draining and Preservation of the same Level, 4, and then for paying and satisfying to the said Dukes of Devonfire and Bedford, and Earl of Lincoln, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to their respective Proportions and Shares,

Interest after the Rate of four Pound per Centum per Annum, for the said several Sums of three thousand four hundred Pounds, and six thousand six hundred Pounds; and then to take, retain, and keep the Sur plus Money for and towards paying off and sinking the said sums of three thousand four hundred Pounds,

4; and six thousand six hundred Pounds, in such Proportions, and by such Payments, as Should be reasonable and convenient, until the same should be fully paid off and satisfied: whereas the said Duke of Bedford, or the said Duke of Devonfire as his Guardian, and the said Earl of Lincoln, laid out and expended the said Sum of six thousand six hundred Pounds, in pursuance of the said Agreement, in the Works therein mentioned, and by virtue of, and under the said Agreement, the said Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln, and their Representatives, have ever since continued in the Receipt of the Taxes, Rents, and Revenues of the said North Level; but have been obliged to apply the greatest Part thereof for and towards the several Works for draining and preserving the said North Level, so that at Ladyday olie thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, the Sum of eighteen thousand nine hundred and thirteen Pounds eleven Shillings and nine Pence, was due for Principal and Interest: of the said several Sums of three thousand1 4 four hundred Pounds and six thousand six hundred Pounds; five sixth Parts whereof is due and owing to the most Noble John now Duke of Bedford, as Executor of the last Will of the said ivriothejley late Duke of Bedford, and the remaining sixth Part thereof is due and owing to the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Lincoln, as Administrator of the said Henry late Earl of Lincoln: And whereas the Sum of two thousand eight hundred and fifty Pounds, Part of the Debt owing by the said Corporation at lady day one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, was due and owing to the said jvriothejly late duke of Bedford, who afterwards, in and by his last Will and Testament, forgave and discharged the same, which reduced t ie Debt contracted by the said Corporation, before the said Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, to fourteen thousand three hundred Pounds: And whereas ever since the making and executing the said recited Agreement, the said Dukes of Bedford and Earls of Lincoln have supported and maintained the Works, Banks, and Drains of the said North Level, and the said Corporation have not been at any Charge or Expense in or about the same; but the said Corporation have since the said Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, borrowed several large Sums of Money on Bonds, under their Common Seal, to the Amount in the Whole of fifteen thousand nine hundred and forty f ounds;

all which has been by them laid out and expended in and about the said Middle and South Levels, and for supporting and preserving the Banks, Drains, and Works thereof, so that the said Corporation is now indebted in the several Sums of Money following; that is to say, In the said Sum of fourteen thousand three hundred Pounds, contrasted before the faii Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, for or on account of the Whole of the said Great Level; the said Sum of eighteen thousand nine hundred and thirteen.pounds eleven Shillings and nine Pence, contracted since the said Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, for or on account of and particularly charged upon the said North Level; and the said Sum of fifteen thousand nine hundred and forty Pounds, contracted since the said Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, for or on account of the Lid Middle and South Levels, amounting together to forty-nine thousand one hundred and fifty-three Pounds eleven Shillings and nine Pence: And whereas it has been found by Experience that the Taxes, Revenues, and Rents arising and payable to the said Corporation out of the said North Level are not near sufficient to pay off and discharge the said Debt particularly charged thereon, and to defray the Charges and Expenses of maintaining, 1'upp orting', and keeping in Repair the several Works for draining thereof; and notwithstanding the greateii Part of the Revenues of the said North Level have ever since the said Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty —

eight been did out in and about the same, the several Banks, Rivers, Sewers, and Works of the same Level are become so greatly decayed and ruinous, that great Part of the Lands in the same Level have lately been very frequently flooded, and unless some immediate Remedy be applied, will become entirely drowned, and of little or no Value: And whereas the Lands called Portsand, otherwise Great Portsanf Vox, VII.' 4 I) 4 Parcel

57°

C 19. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1754.

Parcel of the Demesnes belonging to and lying within the Manor of Crowland in South Holland, in the i County of Lincoln, herein after particularly bounded and described, are subject also to be frequently flooded, and cannot be effectually drained and preserved, without a large Expense: And whereas the said Lands called Portsand, otherwise Great Portsand, adjoin to the said North Level, on the North Part thereof, ' and lie convenient to be drained therewith, and it will be for the mutual Benefit and Advantage of the Proprietors or Owners thereof, and of the Proprietors or Owners of the Lands within the said North Level, to join in one common Drainage, and in order thereto, the Proprietors or Owners of the said Manor of Crowland, and Lands called Portsand, otherwise Great Portsand, and the Proprietors or Owners of the greatest Part of the Lands within the said North Level, are willing and desirous that a sufficient Sum ' of Money for the effectual Draining of all the said Lands, shall be raised by a Tax upon all the said Lands, ' to be ordered, governed, and dispoied of in such manner as herein after is mentioned; provided that the e said North Level be discharged from the Debts of the said Corporation; and that all the Taxes, Rtnts, ' and Revenues which shall hereafter arise and become payable to the said Corporation, out of the said North Level, be applied, under the Direction of the said Corporation, for the Benefit of the said North Level only, in such manner as herein after is mentioned: And whereas the Taxes, Rents, and Revenues, ' arising and payable to the said Corporation, out of the said North Level, are about one eighth Parc of the 7 axes, Rents, and Revenues, arising and payable to the said Corporation, out of the Whole of the said Great Level of the Fens, and therefore the said North Level is subject and liable to raise and pay one eighth Part of the said Debt of fourteen thousand three hundred Pounds, which was contracted by the £ Arid Corporation before the said Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, on account of the Whole of the said Great Level of the Fens, and in order to raise Money to payoff and discharge the same, it has been proposed that so much of the Taxes charged on the Corporation Lands within the said £ Level, by virtue of or under the said recited Act of the fifteenth of King Churls the Second, shall be sold in such manner as herein after is mentioned, as shall raise a sufficient Sum of Money for that purpose: whereas the said John Duke of Bedford, and Henry Earl of Lincoln, being desirous to promote io good and beneficial an Undertaking, have consented and are willing to exonerate and discharge the said' ' Corporation of and from the said Debt of eighteen thousand nine hundred and thirteen Pounds eleven' ' Shillings and nine Pence, and to yield up and surrender all the Taxes, Rents, and Revenues of the said North Level, which they are entitled to receive, by virtue of and under the said recited Agreement, and to release and discharge all their Right, Title, and Interest in and to the same, on condition that the £ Taxes, Rents, and Revenues of the said Middle and South Levels, he for the future only chargeable with' C the Residue of the said Debt of fourteen thousand three hundred Pounds, eontrafted before the said Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, and with the said Debt of fifteen thousand nine hundred' C and forty Pounds eontrafted on account of the said Middle and South Levels, since the said Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight; and that the said North Level, and the Taxes, Rents, and Reve'C nues thereof, be fully and absolutely discharged of and from all the Debts of the said Corporation, and' ' every Part thereof: And whereas at a Court of the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of tyre Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, held at the fen office, on Saturday the twenty £ fourth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, a Plan according to the said Proposals'£ for effecting and carrying the said Undertaking into Execution, in such manner as herein after is mentioned, was laid before the said Court, and the said Court thereupon came to the following Refolu tions, videlicet; that it appearing to the Board that the Debt due from this Corporation, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, was fourteen thousand three hundred Pounds; and that the axes upon all the three Levels, at a Tax and a Quarter, amount to six thousand three hundred and four teen Pounds three Shillings and eleven Pence halfpenny, of which the Tax arising from the North Level is seven hundred and seventy seven Pounds three Shillings and fourpence halfpenny, being about one £ eighth Part, it is the Opinion of this Board, that if his Grace the Duke of Bedford and Lord Lincoln remit the Debt of about nineteen thousand Pounds, which is due to them under the Agreements made with them by this Corporation, in one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, for draining the North Level, and the Proprietors of the North Level will pay one thousand eight hundred Pounds, as their Proportion of the said Debt of fourteen thousand three hundred Pounds, it will be for the Interest of the other two e Levels for this Corporation to consent that the Lands on the North Level be exonerated from the Payment £ of the Remainder of the said Debt, and the fubl equent Debts of the Corporation, by the Act of Parlia liamerit intended to be applied for, for the better draining of that Level: And the remaining Part of the said Plan being read, the Board resolved, That the same did not in any wise appear to be prejudicial to either of the Levels belonging to the said Corporation, and therefore they did approve thereof: And whereas the said Corporation, and the Creditors of the said Corporation, and the Proprietors of the £ greatest Part of the taxable Lands within the said Middle and South Levels, having seen and considered the said Proposals, approve thereof, and are willing and consenting that the same should be carried into Execution: And whereas the effectual Draining and Preserving the said North Level, and the said Lands within. £ the Manor of Crowland, which contain together about forty-eight thousand Acres, would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the lhvcral Proprietors thereof, and of Service to the publick in general; and if £ the Proposals and Agreements before mentioned are carried into Execution, it is apprehended and believed that the same maybe effectually drained and preserved; 'in regard the same cannot be effected, or the Money necessary for that Purpose raised, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; Be it therefore enacted, ise.

"The Corporation of Conservators of Bedford Level, discharged from the Debt of 18, 913l. 11 s.9d. due ito John Duke of Bedford and Henry Earl of Lincoln; and the Indenture of 29 May 1728, declare void.

A.D. 1754. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II C 20. 571

"The Executors of Sir Charles Or by, and Thomas Or by Hunter, discharged from Payment of the annual "Sum of 100l. to the Company, and from all Covenants in the Articles of lojuly 1697. Proprietors of "taxable Lands within the North Levels may purchase off so much of the Taxes chargeable thereon, by "the Acts 15 & 20 Car. 2. as will raise the sum.of 1, 800l. and enter Subscriptions for the same, before "24 June 1754. Payment thereof to be made by 29 September 1754; and to be applied in discharging the "Debt; Company to execute Releases of the Taxes to the Purchasers. The Taxes chargeable by Acts "15 {S' 20 Car. 2. to be continued on the Residue of the Lands, and to be applied in the Works of the.

"Level herein mentioned. The Lands of the North Level discharged from the Residue of the Debt of "14, 300l. and from the Debt of 15, 940l. and all other Debts now owing. The North Level not liable to "Debts, on account of the Middle and South Levels; nor they to be subject to Debts on account of the "North Level. Members for Lands in the North Level, not to vote concerning borrowing Money for the "Middle and South Levels. The Lands to be drained, to be divided into Distribts. Commissioners ap "for the several Distribts. Commissioners to have an yearly General Meeting, to make a Rate for "draining on all Lands not herein excepted: For the fit ft four Years at 1 s. per Acre, after not to exceed - "6 d. per Acre, in any Year; to be paid half yearly. The Dam to be made in the qldu ryde Drain, net "to be afterwards removed, cse. The Counter Drain from the severa/s, to be cleansed at the Proprietors "Charge. If Dunton Hall Bridge be taken down, or altered, the Commissioners to build another. Betides "the Rate for general Works of draining, the Commissioners of the Fourth District may make another'

"Rate, not exceeding 2 s. per Acre for the first two Years, and 1 s. per Acre after. The Commissioners of "the first and second Districts may also make a like Rate, not exceeding 1 s. per Acre. Differences con "Damages to be settled by the Quarter sessions. The Duke of Bedford to cleanse and support the "Drains and other Works in the third District. Thomas Orly Hunter to cleanse and support the Drains "and other Works in the fifth District. Beverley Butler may erecta Mill for draining the Waters from the "Ground belonging to him. Tenants to pay the Rates, and such as are at rack rent may dedubt the "same. If the Lands shall be untenacted, and no Distrel's can be had, the Lands to remain as a Security "for the Rates. 14, 000l. may be raised by Annuities, to answer the immediate Expenses of draining.

"Annuities for 30 if ears not to exceed 61. and for a Tingle Life 7 /. percent, to be charged on the Rates.

"Commissioners may borrow Money at 5 /. percent. When the Annuities shall be determined the Rates "maybe reduced. Collectors or Treasurers refusing to account or pay over the Moneys in their Hands, to "be committed."

XLIX. And for the preventing the damming up, flopping, throwing down, burning, demolishing, de pftfonscdnvi&tet stroying, or damaging any of the Rivers, Drains, water courses, Banks, Mills, Engines, floodgates,

Sluices, Doors, Dams, Bridges, or other Works already made or erected for or towards draining the Lands °, y and Grounds contained within the said several Districts and Divisions, or any of them, or hereafter to be the Work, to made, erected, supported, or maintained, for the Purposes aforesaid, by virtue of or under the Powers and suffer Deatii; Authorities of this Act; it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter maliciously cut, break down, bum, demolish, or destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine,

flood gate, or Sluxe, already made or erected, or which shall at any Time hereafter be making or erect ing, or made or erecied, supported or maintained, for answering the Purposes aforesaid, every Person or Persons so offending, being thereof convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as Felons, without Benefit of Clergy: And if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter maliciously stop, dam ?id convifledof up, demolish, damage, or destroy any River, Drain, water course, Door, Dam, Bridge, or other Work "p5 cor

Works already made or erected, or which shall at any Time hereafter be making or erecting, or made pba vet or or erected, supported or maintained, for answering the Purposes aforesaid, every person or Persons so offending, being thereof convibied before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the Counties and Ille aforesaid, or either of them, who are hereby required to bear and determine the same, on the Oath of two or more credible Witnesses, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds to the said Commissioners, their to fors: it jl successors, Heirs, or Assigns, to be applied for the respective Purposes to which the said Rates and Taxes are hereby directed to be respectively applied; and in default of Payment thereof, the Person or Persons so offending shall be sent to the House of Correction of the County or Me where such Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time as such justices shall order and direct, not exceeding six Months.

"Commissioners to maintain the Banks of Shire Drain, and the Sluices at Cloivs Cress. In case the Banks "of Shire Drain shall be broken or overflown, the Floodgates at Clows Cross to be Amt down. Commis "not to exercise any other Power over Shire Drain, or Old South Eau River, than the Conservators "a Right to use. Conservators not so exercise any Power over the Commissioners, or the Works, other than over the Works put under their particular Care. New Commissioners to be elebted in the Room of .?« feather ny 'c such as shall die or be disqualified. Rights of Lords of Manors reserved; and of the Conservators and others. 2- C 9-

CAP. XX.

An Act for the more easy and efreblual proceeding upon distresses to be made by Warrants 3*

Justices of the Peace., .6. is it. 3.*

/l.z. c.z. 34 Ell. 3. ei & i z R. he. 10. 13*. 3. r. 7. 14it.2-f.11. 17 R. 2. f. 10. 2 H. 5. ft. 1. C 4. 2 II 5. ft.z. CI 11h.6. c. 6.

'14 II 6. C 4. i3 //. 6. r. 11. 1 Ed. 4. C 3. 1 R. 3. C 3. 3 H. 7. C 1. 4/7.7.012. C if.9 Geo. 1. c. 7.; c7ej. 2. r. is s'19.

WHEREAS by many Acts of Parliament, Justices of the Peace are empowered to issue Warrants for the Distrel's and Sale of Goods and Chattels, but the Charges of distraining, keeping, and Sale of such Goods and Chattels are not provided for in all the said Acts nor is there a Time in all Cases

4 D 2 limited

Justiers to limit in their Warrants of difliefvj the Time for Sale of the Dilliefs,

3ng;

Overplus to be returned.

Provisions re

for the Sale thereof, whereby Inconveniences have arisen: 7 Therefore for Remcdv thereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases where any Justice or J unices of the Peace is or are, or shall be, required or empowered by any Act or Acts of Parliament now enforce, or hereafter to be made, to ifi ue awarrant of Distress for the levying of any Penalty inflicted, or any Sum of Money directed to be paid, by or in consequence of such Act or Acts, it shall and may be lawful for the Justice or Justices granting such Warrant, therein to order and direct the Goods and Chattels so to be distra ned, to be sold and disposed of, within a certain Time not kfs than 4, to be limited in such Warrant, so as such Time be not less than four Days, nor more than eight Days, nor mo.; than unless the j\n. ]ty or Sum of Money for which such Distress shall be made, together with the reasonable a>s' Charges of taking and keeping such Distress, be sooner paid,

otticer to dcdtift j. And be it further enacted, That the Officer making such Difirefs, shall and is hereby empowered to the charges of jeduft tjle reasonable Charges of taking, keeping, and selling such Distress, out of the Money arising by eepmgan og; l]c. anj Overplus (if any) after such Charges, and also the said Penalty or Sum of Money shall be fully satisfied and paid, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and the Officer executing such Warrant, if required, fnal show the same to the Person whose Goods and Chattels are distrained, and shall suffer a Copy thereof to be taken.

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or in rf s>wji]he s repeal any of the Provisions or Directions relating to distreftes to be made for the Payment of Tythes and C i p, 03 V 'J Church Rates, by the People called Quakers, contained in an Act passed in the seventh and eighth Years of his late Majesty King William' the Third, intituled, An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers fall be accepted hflcacl of an Oath, in the ifual Form or in one other Act passed in the 6' first Year of his late Majesty King George the Firfh, intituled, An Act for making perpetual an Act of the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form; and for explaining and enforcing the said Act in relation to the Payment of Tythes and Church Rates, and for appointing the Form of an Affirmation to be taken by the said People called Quakers, instead of the Oath of Abjuration.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Hockcliffie in the County of Bedford, and Stoney Stratford in the County of Buckingham.

PR.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Cojlock, otherwise Cortlingjlock Lane, to the Bridges commonly known by the Name of Coats Bridges, in the County of Leicester; and for making the said Act more effectual.

PR.

CAP. XXIII.

end i Geo. not altered.

Concerning tjees fie jarlher I Geo. 3. c. 13.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Oitndle and Thrapfon, to jvelllngborough in the County of Northampton.

PR.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uckfidd in the County of Sussex, to Langney Bridge in the Parish of Westhatn in the said County.

PR.

CAP. XXV.

Passages,

An Act for the better enlightening and cleansing the open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys,

and Courts, within the Parish of Saint Luke in the County of Middlesex; and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels; and for repairing the Highways within the said Parish.

PR.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in the ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and vadeving the Road leading from Saint dunstan's Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to the jvatcr fule at Whitstable in the County of kent.

PR.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more efrftual an act passed in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City e/glasgow.

PR.

a11 Act for explaining, amending, and

CAP. XXVIII.

a, rendering more effectual an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, For repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough hi the County of Lzicester, through Desborough, Rowel, Kettering, Barton Seagrave, rt.vr/thr.ipfton, in the County id through Bythorne, Spaldwick, and Ellington, to the Pound in the Par if of Branip '

cf Northampton; and ion, in the County of Huntingdon.

PR.

G. 29 — 39.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highroad from Piercebridge to Kirhnerrington, in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudboc Lane End in the said County; and for making the same more dfeftual.

PR.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester, to and by the north Side of the Town of Uppingham in the County of Rutland, and to ivansford in the County of Northampton j and from thence to Peterborough in the said County of Northampton.

PR.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the toll gate in the Parish of Kettering, through the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and through Olney over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, and for repairing and widening, or rebuilding the said Sherrington Bridge.

PR.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Entrenchment on ajkerfirell hill, of oolite to Chilcombe Farm, through the Town of Bridport to Penn Inn, and from Bridport aforesaid to the Town of Bcamifter, in the County of Dorset; and also the Road from Penn Imr aforesaid, through the Town of Axminster, to the Workhouse at the East End of the Town of Honiton in the County of Devon.

PR.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for repairing and widening

County of Bedford, through f the Turnpike Road in Barton ampton.

PR.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for repairing and widening the Highroad from a Place called Shit Loydes, in the Town of Bedford, through the Parishes of Bromham, Stagfden, Afwood, Hardmead, and Chichley, to the Way Soil in Sherrington Field, where the said Road joins the Highroad from the Town of Olney to the Town of Newport Pagnell, and also the Highroad from Bromham aforesaid, through the Parishes of Purvey and coldray field, to the Town of Launden, other vise Lavenden, in the Counties of Bedford and Buckingham; and for applying part of the Money arising thereby towards repairing, rebuilding, or widening Sherrington Bridge, in the Road from the said Way Poll to the said Town of Nnuport Pagnell.

PR.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for laying.a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of ale and Beer brewed for Sale, vended or sold within the Town and Barony of Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan; and also a Duty of Anchorage for Ships and vessels anchoring in the Harbour of the said Town, for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour.

PR.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Wanuick, through Alcester in the said County, and Fcckcnbam, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of jvorccfer; and from Alcester through Great Coughton and Crabs Cross', in the said County of ifarvjick; and through hewe/l 'Lane and Burcot, to the Cross of Hands on a Common called the Leckhay -, and out of heivclilane through Church Lane and Tutncll tobroinfgrove, in the said County of Worcester.

PR.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of hir present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rochdale' in the County Palatine of Lancaster, leading over a certain Craggy Mountain called Blackfone Edge in the same County; and from thence to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand in the County of York. P R,

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford in the County of Kent, and in the Parish of Saint Paul de[.tford_ in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for repairing the Highways, and paving and cleansing the Streets, in the said Parishes.

PR.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of bridgfordlane in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, Rutland, and i through Rockingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering in the County of N'orthampioh'.

PR.

574 4° — 42. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1754.

CAP. XL

An Act for opening, making, widening, and keeping in repair a Road from Ratcliff Highway, through Cannons Street in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex; and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadivell Street into the Back Lane in the said County of Middlesex.

PR.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for amending and widening several Roads, leading from the Borough of Truro in the County of

Cornwall. P Jv.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from jvarvjick to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to Martyr? s Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh Town, and for supplying an Omission in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for repairing die Road from lei crjler to Ajbby de la Zouch in the County of Leicester.

PR.

Anno Regni GEORGII II. Regis Magme Britannia, Francis 6c

Hibernia;, vicesimo octavo,

fie T the Parliament begun and held at tvejhninfer the thirty first Day of May Anno Domini one ' /- % thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of our Sove

Jk reign Lord GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the fourteenth Day of November following, being the second Session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

nr firmer Pro An Act for the Relief of the Out pensioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea.

visions concerning Soldiers refer to 18 II 6. C is £*? 19. 7 //, 7. C I, 2 3 Ed. 6. C 2. 43 El. 3. C 3. 31 Car. 2. C I. 12 Ann. sat. 1. C 13. 1 Gt1.

c 47, 3 Geo. I. CI 2.9 Geo. 2. c. 30. 22 Geo. 2. c. 44.

WHEREAS the out pensioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, for the Relief of maimed and worn out Soldiers, are by the present Method of Payment of the out pension (namely, the Payment of a year's Pension only, after the same is become due] exposed to sundry and great Hardships and Distresses, and the said out pensioners on their Admission to the Pension, necessitated to take up Money for present Subsistence on Credit, of Persons called Money Lenders, on Terms many times of 1 preffive and usurious, to the extreme Detriment of these meritorious Objects of the Royal Bounty, and generous Provision of Parliament, and to the unwarrantable Emoluments of Persons who make advantage of their Ncceffities For the Prevention of all which Abuses and Mischiefs; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo a filaments, C ral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all be'°recdpen d°ns Alignments, Bargains, Sales, Contracts, Orders, Agreements, or Securities whatsoever, made by any dared void out pensioner, for, upon, or in respect of any Sum or Sums of Money to become due, for or on account of the out pension of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, to lueh out pensioners who shall be admitted thereunto, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

Advance Money

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every out pensioner who shall after to be paid to Per the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand Even hundred and fifty-four, be admitted on the pen fans at their Ad-f1011 shall, on such his Admission, receive in Advance, such Proportion of the Pension, as shall be Pension l?ftthe eclual to the remaining Number of Days of the current half year which shall then remain unexpired; and Pension to be af from and after the End of the said half year, shall on his personal Appearance, or Affidavit that such out terwards paid pensioner was living during the Whole or Part of the half year preceding, and reciting the Place of his half yearly in Abode (such Affidavit to be made before a Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, a vance' Town, Liberty or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, where such out pensioner shall reiide, for the taking of which Affidavit no See or Reward shall be paid) continue to receive in advance the said Pension by half yearly Payments.

Pensions of those

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ail out pensioners who are already admitted before atlmitted on the said out pension, or shall be admitted thereto before the said twenty-fifth Day of December be aid according one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, shall continue to receive their Pensions according to the Rules to the former 8 and Regulations already established, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred Regulations till and fifty-five, and that from thenceforth they Iiketyilc shall receive their Pensions in advance, in the same

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 2, 3. 575

manner as is above directed in respect of such out pensioners as shall be admitted on the out pensions Dc »7ss. after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; and all Assignments, ^nd fromihence bargains, Sales, Orders, Contrails, Agreements, or Securities whatsoever, which shall be given or made advance pad by any such out pensioner, for, upon, or in respect of any Sum or Sums of Money to become due on Assignments of any of the said advanced half yearly Payments, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Pension before Purposes" " void.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful for such Agent for Out agent as shall be appointed by his Majesty, his Heir's, and Successors, for the Payment of the out pension cewe the'famein in the manner herein directed, and the said Agent so appointed is hereby authorised and directed to re from the ccive in advance from the Treasurer of Ch ije a hospital for the Time being, such Moneys as shall be northeast Treasurer, and to cessary to discharge the same, and to pay or remit the said Pension to the out pensioners as aforesaid; or remit the which said Agent is hereby empowered and directed to give a Receipt or Acquittance for the said Moneys to 'hep: h to the said Treasurer; which Receipt or Acquittance shall be a full and final Discharge to the said rion irs' V Treasurer for such Sum or Sums so paid by him to the said Agent; and the Auditors of the Impreil

are hereby authorised and required to pass and allow all such Acouittances in the Accounts of the said Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital; and the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the treasury for the Treasury t issue Time being, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to issue in advance to mo^y the 1 re.'surer of Chelsea Hospital such Sum or Sums of Money, as from Time to Time shall be necef 'upen

fary for the Payment of the said out pension, upon such Warrant, Establishment or Orders, as shall be wr.rrant of tl.e signed by the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital, or any three or more of them. Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital,

or any three of them, are hereby authorised and directed to make up or cause to be made up the last j.'e,

Day or Days of every half year, an exact State or List of the Number of out pensioners born on the uithalflyearty out pension, and who have either personally appeared, or have been certified by proper Affidavits as aforesaid to be living during the Whole or Part of the said half year then expiring.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital, or any three of Commissioners them, shall on such Lilts or States so exhibited to them, make out or cause to be made out, a war fore them rant to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital for the Time being, and shall sign the same, authorising and nnke on. a war directing the said Treasurer to issue and pay in advance unto the Hands of an Agent appointed as afore rant for the mo said, such Sum or Sums as may and shall be requisite and necessary for the Payment of the out pension as nt aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Treasurer of Chelsea hofitaljff{°re, }a^ff shall and may with hold and deduct one Shilling in the Pound from and out of all Moneys which shall from pound' to heap and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, be applicable to plied as his ma the Payment of the said out pennon, as well as from and out of all Moneys which shall be directed to be jesty shall directs issued in advance to the ont pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; which Moneys so deducted shall be applied in the Manner which his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors shall by Warrant under his Royal Sign Manual, direct;

and that after the Deduction of the said Sum of one Shilling in the Pound, the said Pennons shall be paid to otherdcduaion. the Persons entitled thereto without any other Deduction, See, Stoppage or Charge whatever: And if the Agent taking said Agent to be appointed for the Payment of the said Pensions, or any other Agent or Clerk employed in Fees For payins' paying the same, mall exact or take any Fee or Reward whatsoever, for or on account of paying the said a°dbe:

Penflon, or on any other Account whatsoever relative to the said out pension, such Person or Persons f0arfldt jm? so offending shall ipso fa5lo lose and forfeit their laid Office or Employment, and shall over and above forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, within twelve Calendar Months after the Offence committed; in which said Suit no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall ce rartyr. be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance, and be deemed incapable of serving his Maj eft y, his Heirs Geo. .2. C 6, S, and Successors, in any Office or Employment Civil or Military whatsoever. G? is. and the yearly, Mutiny Acts.

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act to indemnify Members of Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, who have neglected to take the Oaths of Office, and to (lamp their Ad millions, and for allowing them further Time for those Purposes.

WHEREAS diverse Persons Members of Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, within that part of Great Britain called England, upon their being admitted Officers or Members of such:

Cities, Corporations or Borough Towns, have through Ignorance of Law, and of their particular Charters or Constitutions, omitted to take their Oath of Office, or have not taken such Oaths before a com

Number of Persons, or before Persons duly qualified, or in such manner as is prescribed by their respective Charters and Constitutions; if such Oaths have been taken, yet a proper Entry thereof, or of the Members then present, hath not been made in the proper. Books kept for that Purpose; neverthe

iefe

Time allowed for providing admi/tions to' Officers, duly qualified X

Limitations of this Act.

G. 4 — 6. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1755.

less such Persons have continued to act as Members of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, ' whereby great Disputes may arise concerning the same, and the Validity of the Acts of such Person or Persons during the Time he or they was or were so disqualified, or not capable of proving his or their Qualifications, by reason of such Neglect as aforesaid For preventing whereof, and of all Damage and Inconvenience that may arise therefrom; Be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every such Member or Members, Officer or Officers of any City, Corporation, or Borough Town, within that Part of Great Britain called England. and jvaks, who Avail, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, take the several Oaths by Law, Custom, or otherwise required or used to be taken in every such City, Corporation, or Borough Town respectively, for the Offices which they now reflectively hold, enjoy and execute, before such a competent Number of Persons as are required by their respective Charters and constitutions,; or if after a legal Summons such competent Number shall not appear, then before such or so many of the Members of such respective Cities, Corporations or Borough Towns, as shall think lit to be present, is and are, and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as Member or Members, Officer or Officers of such Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns respectively, to all Intents and purposes, and Dial and may hold, enjoy and execute the same, or any other Office or Offices into which he or they have or hath been elected, notwithstanding his or their Omission as aforesaid, or the Omissions of any of their prejecellors, in the Laid Cities, Corporations or Borough Towns, and shall be indemnified, freed and discharged of and from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Forfeitures, Penalties and Damages, by reason of any such Omission, and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned or avoided for or by reason of any of the Omissions aforesaid.

II. And whereas Admissions of several Members and Officers into Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, which by several Acts of Parliament are uirested and required to be damped, may not have been provided, or the same not duly stumped, or may have been lost or mislaid: 'Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Relief of such Persons whose Admissions may not have been provided, or not duly stamped as aforesaid, or where the same have been lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons on or before the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred, and fifty-five, to provide, or cause to be provided, Admissions duly stamped; and such Persons so provid.ng Admissions duly stamped as aforesaid, are, and shall be hereby confirmed and qualfied to act as Member or Members, Officer or Officers of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns respectively, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall and may hold, 'enjoy, and execute the same, or any other Office or Offices into which he or they have or hath been elected, notwithstanding his or their Omission, or the Omission of any of their Predeccilors, in such Cities, Corporations, or Borough Towns as aforesaid, and shall be indemnified, freed, and discharged, of and from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Damages, by reason of any such Omission, and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned or avoided for or by reason of the same.

III. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be confirmed to extend, to restore or entitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employment, Matter or Thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by Judgement of any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, or already filled up or enjoyed by another Person; that such Office, Employment, Matter, or Thing, so avoided, or filled up and enjoyed as aforesaid, shall be, and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or are now inti tied to the same, as if this Act had not been made.

CAP. IV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. V.

An Act for granting an Aid to h; Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; and for the Relief of the Inhabitants of certain Places in the County of Lincoln, in respect of Arrears of the land-tax. EXP. At 2 s. in the Pound. See 30 Geo. 2. c. 7.

CAP. VI.

An Act for taking away Mortuaries in the Archdeaconry of Chester, and giving a Recommence therefore to the Bishop of Chester as Archdeacon of Chester, who holds and enjoys the said Archdeaconry in Right of his See.

WHEREAS, 1 and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the one and twentieth Year of the Y Reign of King Henry the Eighth, entitled, i!'here Mortuaries ought to be paid, for wb..t Pe'/ ns, ' and bow much, and in what Caje none is due; it is among other Things provided. That it should he lawful 1 to the Archdeacon of Chester, to take inch Mortuaries of the Prieils \\ ithin his Jurisdiction as thentofort? ' had been accustomed: whereas the Bishops of the said Diocese of Chester, as Archdeacons of Chester' ' for the Time being, have accordingly used to demand and take, and do continue to demand and take, " C Mortuaries upon the Death of every Clergyman within the Jurisdiction of the said Archdeacon of che/fer and the said Mortuaries confiding of several of the bell Goods of the decrafed, do oftentimes amount to, f*considerable Part of his Estate and Effects, and the Payment thereof doth very much lelfen the final!

Provision

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii

G. 6. 577

5 Provision which ordinarily the Clergy within the said Archdeaconry are able to make for the Support of

their Families, and tends greatly to the impoverishing the same: And whereas the Bishops of Chester as Archdeacons of Chester for the Time being, are seized of the Advowson, Right of Patronage, and Pre

of, in and to the Rectory of the Parish Church of ivaverton alias ivareton, in the said Diocese

Archdeaconry of Chester, and the Right Reverend Edmund now Lord Bishop of Chester, at the In fiance and Request, and upon the Proposa] of the greatest Part of the Clergy within the said archdea conry, hath consented that all the Mortuaries or Corfeprefcnts due and payable upon the Death of Cler gymen within the said Archdeaconry, shall for the future cease and be abolished, so as that in lieu thereof,

and as a Compensation for the same, the said Rectory or Parsonage of ivaverton alias ivareton, with the Appurtenances thereof, hall be annexed to the said Archdeaconry of Chester, and held and enjoyed by the said Bishop as Archdeacon of Chester, and his successors for ever, subject nevertheless to such Stipend and Provision for a Minister or Curate of the said Parish and Parish Church of ivaverton alias ivareton,

and his successors, as is herein after mentioned; and as the carrying such Proposal and Request into Execution and Eftest would contribute greatly to the Satisfaction, Encouragement, and Benefit of the

Clergy within the said Archdeaconry Therefore for the answering, obtaining, and accomplishing the good Ends and Purposes aforementioned; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the aforesaid Proviso or Clause contained and in lrp°a the fiifl ferted in the said Act, and herein before set forth or recited, and all and every Clause or Proviso contained 'ica?cy or and inserted in the same Act, so far as the same do respectively relate to the taking of any Mortuary or Aiding of Corfepresent upon the Death of any Clergyman within the said Archdeaconry of Chester, shall immediate waverton, the ly, from and after such Time as the said Church or Living of ivaverton alias ivareton, in the Diocese and Payment of Archdeaconry of Chester, shall become void by the Death, Resignation, Cession, or Deprivation of jobnmonv rjcsin Pres cot Clerk, the present Incumbent, stand, and be absolutely repealed, annulled and void; and all and coltofchefet every Custom or Usage, Customs or Wages, of and for paying, demanding or taking any Mortuary ortoce5afe; Corfepresent, or any Goods, Chattels, Eftefts or Things, for or in the Name of a Mortuary or Corfepresent, upon the Death of any Clergyman within the said Archdeaconry of Chester, shall, from and after

such first Vacancy or Avoidance of the said Church or Living of ivaverton alias ivareton, be utterly void, and totally abolished for ever; and no Mortuary or Corfepresent, or Sum or Sums of Money for or in lieu and no compen of, or in the Name thereof, or in Commutation for the same, shall be yielded, paid, answered or satisfied, or be due or payable by or from any Person or Persons to any Bishop of the said Diocese of Chester, either thereof.*n as Diocesan or Archdeacon of Chester for the Time being, or to any Person or Persons authorised by or claiming under him, them, or any of them; and that from and after such Vacancy or Avoidance as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful to and for the Archdeacon of Chester or his successors, Farmers, Bailiffs or Lessees, or any of them, or any Person or Persons whatsoever claiming by or under such Archdeacon or his successors, to take, receive or demand, of any Person or Persons whatsoever, any manner of Mortuary or Corfepresent, or any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Thing for or in lieu or Name of, or in Commutation for any Mortuary or Corfepresent, or to convene, cite, sue or prosecute any Person or Persons, before any Judge Spiritual, or in any of his Majesty's Courts of Law, or other Court whatsoever, for the Recovery of, or for, touching or concerning any Mortuary or Corfepresent, or anything in lieu thereof, for or by reason or on account of the Death of any Priest or Clergyman within the said Archdeaconry of Chester, at any Time after such Vacancy or Avoidance as aforesaid; anything in the said recited Act, or any Law, Custom or Usage whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as a Recompense and Compensation to Vp" E

the Bishop of Chester as Archdeacon of Chester for the Time being, and his successors, for such Mortuaries of

as are mentioned or intended to be extinguished and abolished by this Act as aforesaid, all that the Rec th°rrea«w of tory or Parsonage and Church of ivaverton alias ivareton, in the Diocese and Archdeaconry of Chester, Waveiton to with all the Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Tenths, Oblations, Obventions, Hereditaments and appurte be annexed to nances thereunto belonging or appertaining, or accepted, reputed, taken or known, as Part, Parcel or the o Member thereof, shall, from and immediately after such Vacancy or Avoidance of the said Church or LIV chester ing, be vested in the Bishop of Chester and his successors, and shall from thenceforth be appropriated, annexed, and united to the See and Bishopric of Chester for ever; and all and every the Rights, Dues, Profits, Benefits and Advantages whatsoever, of the said Rectory, or in any wise incident, belonging or appertaining to the same, shall from thenceforth be had, received, taken and enjoyed, by the said Bishop of Chester and his successors for ever.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the first Bishop to norm vacancy or Avoidance of the said Church or Living of ivaverton alias ivareton, which shall happen next after nata Curate the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Bishop of Chester for the Time being, and he ri tie ald and his successors in the said See of Chester are hereby authorised and required to nominate and ap' '

a Curate or Minister, duly qualified according to Law to hold a Living with Cure of Souls, to be Curate, Minister, or Incumbent of the said Parish and Parish Church of jvaverton alias ivareton, and who shall reftde in the said Parish, and officiate and perform Divine Service and Offices in the said Church, according to the Usage of the Church of England as by Law established, and have and enjoy such yearly Stipend as is herein after mentioned; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the Bishop of Chester for the Time being, upon every subsequent Vacancy or Avoidance of the said Curacy or Living, for ever, to nominate and appoint a Person duly qualified as aforesaid, to be Curate or Minister of the said Church or Living.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That one yearly Stipend or yearly Sum of sixty Pounds, of lawful "'kb a yearly Money of Great Britain, free from all Reprizes and Deductions whatsoever, shall, from and after such first Salary of'c'°1

C 7. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1755.

Vacancy or Avoidance of the said Church or Living of jvaverton alias jvareton, and such Nomination or Appointment of a Minister, Curate, or Incumbent, to officiate therein as aforesaid, be vested in and settled upon such Minister, Curate, or incumbent, and his successors, Ministers, or Curates, of the said Parish and Parish Church of jvaverton alias ivareton, for ever, and shall be from thenceforth charged upon and htuing and payable out of the said Rectory or Parsonage of jvaverton alias jvareton, hereby vested in the said Bishop and his Successors as aforesaid, and the Fruits, Profits, and Income thereof, by quarterly Payments on the feasts of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, the Nativity of Saint fohn Baptij!, Saint Michael the Archangel, and the Birth of our Lord Christ, by equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to begin and be made at or on such of the Feasts or Days as hall first happenlifter the Nomination and recoverable or Appointment of such Minister, Curate or Incumbent, as aforesaid; that every such Minister, Curate direct or Incumbent, for the Time being, shall have such and the like Powers and Remedies for recovering and receiving the said yearly Stipend of sixty Pounds, and all Arrears thereof, as by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-ninth Year of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for confirming and perpetuating Augmentations made by Ecclesiastical Persons to mail Vicarages and Curacies., are given to any Vicar or Curate for recovering the Augmentations thereby vested in, secured to or provided for him and them respectively.

First Fruits and

V. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall prejudice or affect the Right, Title or Interest to the crowt'1 °^ls Majesty, his fdeirs or Successors, of, in or to the First fruits and Tenths now or heretofore due uv or payable to his Majesty, his Heir's and successors, for or in respect of the said Rectory and Church of jvaverton alias ivareton, but that such First fruits and Tenths shall continue to be levied and paid in like manner, as the same are and were before the passing of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. jtuferv.ition of VI Saving also to the kringts Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and to all and every other Person and mber Rights ia Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her and their Heirs, successors, Executors and Administrators, me luij t anih., otj, cr t]lan t]le falci £jfh0p of Chefitr and his successors, as well in and to the said Bishopric and See, as in and to the Archdeaconry of chester respectively, all such Estate, Right, Title and Interest of, in, to or out of the said Rectory and Church of jvaverton alias jvareton aforesaid, as they, every or any of them had, before the passing this Act, or could or might have had and enjoyed in case this Act had not been 'made.

Fublitt Act.

VII. And it is hereby ehafted and declared, That this Act shall be taken and deemed to be a public Act, in all Courts whatsoever.

5 78

to be paid quarterly.

CAP. VII.

An Act concerning the Offices of Sheriff Depute and Steward Depute, in that Part of Gnat

Britain called Scotland.

- 1

2ogco.2.c, 45. ' WHEREAS by an Act t made in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act sir 'ty y, taking away and abolishing the Heretable jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland;

and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors' thereof; and for restoring such jurisdictions to the Crown; and sir making more effectual Provision for the Administration of fufiice throughout that Part of the United King clom, by the King's Courts and fudges there; and for obliging all Persons aiding as Procurators, jvriters or Agents in the Law of Scotland, to take the Oaths; and sir rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms more V complete; It is, among other Things, enacted, That there should be but one Sheriff Depute or Steward Depute, in any County, Shire or Stewartrie in Scotland, not thereby taken away or abrogated, and that he should be an Advocate of three Years Handing at the least, and should, during the Space of seven Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, be nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, by Warrant under his or their Sign Manual, with ' such Continuance as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors should think fit; and that after the End of the said seven Years, the Offices of Sheriff Depute and Steward Depute, should be granted and held ad Vitam

out Culpam only, with competent Salaries, to be ascertained and established for the Time of their Continuance

: And whereas the salutary Ends and Purposes of the said Offices, and the wise Regulations made by the said Asti concerning the same, will best be answered by the said Sheriffs and Stewards Depute,

continuing to be appointed by his Majesty's his Heirs or Successors, in the like manner as they have hitherto been Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the ad\ice and Con font of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ck uife in the re and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the Act above recited as enacts, That after the End cited a£he. of seven Years, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March the Offices of Sheriff Depute and sheriff >nfi stew Steward Depute, shall be granted and held ad Vitam ant Culpam, shall be, and is hereby repealed; and that ant "Deputes to t'5e Sheriff Deputes and Steward Deputes, already named or hereafter to be named, shall, during the Space hold their office of fifteen Years, from and after the Expiration of the said seven Years, hold and enjoy their respective of for 15 Years of fices for such Continuance as his Majesty already hath, or his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall here

His Majesty, as after think fit to appoint, by Warrant under his or their Sign Manual, and that from and after the End of

after "\vhich to t*le fifteen Years, the Offices of Sheriff Depute and Steward Depute shall be granted and held ad Vitam hold ad vitam out Culpam only, with competent Salaries to be ascertained and established for the Time of their conti aut Cu'pam. nuance.

579

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II.

C 8, 9.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for making navigable the River or Brook called Sankey Brook, and the Three several Branches thereof, from the River Mersey below Sankey Bridges, up to Boardman's Stone Bridge on the South Branch, to gerard's Bridge on the Middle Branch thereof, and to Penny Bridge on the North Branch thereof, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster and also for adjusting the Measure of Coal, to be brought down the said River or Brook, and sold within the Town of Liverpool, in the said County.

PR.

T'S'7 WHEREAS the River or Brook called Sankey Brook, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, from Wythe Place where it empties itself into, and communicates with the River Mcrfcy, below Sankey Bridges, is capable of being made 'navigable.up the Stream or Current of the said River or Brook, and of the Three several Branches thereof; videlicet. To Bcardnims Stone Bridge, near Saint Helens, on the South Branch thereof, to gerard's Bridge on the Middle Branch thereof, and to Fenny Bridge on the North Branch thereof; and the making and rendering the same navigable, within the Limits afore mentioned, for Boats, Flats, and other vessels, would tend greatly to the Benefit and Advantage of great Numbers of Tradesmen and Manufacturers within the Counties Palatine of Lantajler and Chesterand be C a great Relief and Convenience to the poor Inhabitants in the said Places, and contribute to the Improve ment and Increase of the rade and Navigation of this Kingdom Wherefore for attaining and effecting the good Ends and Purposes aforesaid, be it enacted, Cfc.

Undertakers have Power to enlarge the Brook and Streams. Not to build any new Mills on the River,

44 or Warehouses in any Garden, UV. Commissioners appointed for settling Differences. Commissioners to mediate, and determine Satisfaction; Commissioners to issue a Warrant to Sheriffs or Coroner, to return a Jury. Parties to have lawful Challenges. Commissioners to give Judgement for Sums assessed by the Jury; which shall be binding against all Parties. The Decrees to be kept amongk the Records of the Quarter sefilon for the County of Lancaster. A Clerk to be appointed, and his o.fice. Fourteen "Days Notice of the Commissioners Meeting for approving a Clerk. Upon Payment of Sums affected for Damages, Undertakers may cut, dig, C Commissioners Qualification. It shall be lawful for the Undertakers, to take for all Goods, carried up or down the river shove Sankey Bridges, the Duties herein after mentioned, viz. for every Tonne of Coal, Stones, Slate, Flags, Timber, or other Goods,

any Sum not exceeding 10 A limestones, Manure, C excepted. Tonnage of Coal, Timber, b. c.

ascertained. Bodies Politic, C impowered to lease or sell, reserving the full yearly Value. Such Conveyances to be enrolled by the Clerk of the Peace. Masters of Vessels to give a true Account of "their Lading, or to forfeit 7 s. 6d. per Tonne. Makers to have their Names on the Outsides of their Boats. Power to measure and gauge Vessels. Contents to be entered in a Book, with the Names of the Owner and Maker, and Number of the Vessel. Allowance of Duties for Deficiency of Loading.

Undertakers may setup Winches and other Engines'. Boatmaker or Owner answerable for Damages done by the Crew. Persons on board having Nets, UV. not being qualified, to forfeit. The River not under the Survey of Commissioners of Sewers. Undertakers to secure Lands from being overflowed.

New Bridges to be made over Cuts. Future Damages to be settled by the Commissioners. Penalty on Undertakers neglecting to repair Bridges, Gates or Styles., floodgates, C to let the Water into the Lands, for the improvement thereof; which are not to be opened between the First of May and Tenth of October. If Undertakers do not make a sufficient Number of floodgates, &c. Commissioners to direct others to be made. Persons wilfully opening such floodgates, to forfeit to the landowners 20l.

44 or be committed to the House of Correction. Persons maliciously deffroying the Works, C guilty of 4Felony, and liable to be transported. Undertakers to begin before the 29th of Sept. 1755, and finish, before the 29th of Sept. 1766. In Default Commissioners to appoint new Undertakers. Persons over loading and obkrudting the Passage of the River, to forfeit 5l. Vessels not to lie in the River, to the Obstruction of others. Vessels sunk to be weighed up and detained till Satisfaction made. Filling and Fowling saved to Owners. pleasure boats free, not carrying Goods. Undertakers empowered to extend the Navigation Eight hundred Yards above the Three Bridges. A Standard Bushel of Brass to be made, and kept.by the Clerk of the Market. Dealers in Coal to life sealed Measures. Bushels, and Amendedly 1 44 other smaller Measures to be properly fitted for Work, and sealed before made use of, " Ga. 3. 056.

CAP. IX.

An Act to prevent the Holding of any Market for the future in the High Street of the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surry.

WHEREAS the late King Edward the Sixth, by his Royal Charter in the fourth Year of his Reign, did, among other Things, give and grant unto the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, that they and their Successors should have within the Borough and Town of Southwark, in the County of Surry, one Market or Markets to be there held, and all Things which to a Market do appertain or may appertain, for ever: And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of" his late Majeky King Charles the Second, it was enacted, That the 19 Car. 1. c., said Market should continue and be kept in the same Place where it had been anciently, and was at the Time of making the said Act, kept"; and that the said Market should not be kept in any other Place

No Market for the future to be held in the High Street

or Stall eretted for selling Garden Ware, C

The setting up Stalls, and the standing of empty Coaches, or other Carriages, in the Street, deemed a nu fance.

No Coachman, C to ply or stand in the Street.

Persons causing obstruction, by Coaches, Carts, or other Carriages, to be carried before a Justice.

[Penalty.]

Public A. See 28 Oso 2. c. 23.

3 Geo. 3. c. 18.

jo Geo. i. C 4,

C 10. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1755.

whatsoever: And whereas the High Street of the said Borough, where the said Market is now held, ' leading from London Bridge to Saint margaret's Hill, is a great Thoroughfare to and from the Counties of Surry, Kent and Suffix; and the holding of the said Market in the said High Street hath been found incon venient from the great Increase of Coaches, Carts and other Carriages passing and repairing through the same, which hath occasioned frequent Stops, and is a great Obstruction to Trade and Commerce For Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty, upon the humble Petition of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, who are deftrous to give up the said Market, and the Profits arising thereby, for the Convenience and Accommodation of the Public, that it may be enacted; and Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, no Market whatsoever shall be kept or held in the said High Street of the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surry, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to erect, place or use any Stall, Truflel, Block or other Stand, in the said High Street of the said Borough, or to sell or expose to Sale any Peas, Beans, Herbs, Victuals or other Commodities whatsoever, in or upon any Stall, Truflel, Stand, Shed or Carriage whatsoever, in the said High Street of the Borough of Southwark.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, every erecting, placing or using on or in any Part of the said High Street, of any Stall, Truflel, Block or other Thing, and also the selling or exposing to Sale, of any Commodities on them or any of them, and every placing or Handing of any empty Coach, Cart, Dray or other Carriage, in any part of the said High Street (except only during the Time of the loading or unloading thereof, and that to be done in a reasonable Time) shall be deemed, and is hereby declared to be a common Nuisance.

IV. And, for the better keeping the said High Street leading to and from London Bridge to Saint Margaret's Hill aforesaid free and clear from any Obstructions of Hackney Coaches, Stage Coaches, Carts, Carrs, Drays, Wagons and other Carriages landing in the said High Street, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred fifty six, it shall not be lawful for any Coachman or Driver to stand or ply or be permitted to stand or ply for Hire with any Coach or other Carriage whatsoever in the said High Street, or for any Carman, Career, Drayman or Driver of any Carriage whatsoever to stand or remain or be permitted to stand or remain with any Cart, Carr, Dray, Wagon or other Carriage whatsoever, in the said High Street, except only during the Time of loading and unloading thereof, and that to be done in a reasonable Time; and that no Carriage shall stand to load or unload with its Breech or Tail at or before any dwelling house, Shop or Warehouse; and if any Coachman, Carman, Carter, Drayman, Wagoner or Driver, shall offend herein, it shall and may be lawful for any Constable or Inhabitant of the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to apprehend and take, or cause to be apprehended and taken, every such Person or Persons so offending, before some Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, or for the said County of Surry, and upon Conviction thereof, either by the Confession of the Party, or the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before such Justice (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer) every such Person or Persons so offending shall respectively forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding ten Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, as such Justice shall direct, to go and be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; and in default of immediate Payment, the Offender or Offenders shall be committed by such Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, or for the said County of Surry, to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Tiine not exceeding seven Days, as such Justice shall think fit to order, or until he shall have paid the same.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public Act; and be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. X

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the third Year of his late majesty's ' Reign, entitled, Att aslfor explaining an a£lpaffedin the last Session of Parliament, intituled An act' Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and real Estates; enlarging the Time for such regi/hr ' ing; and for securing Purchases made by P rot eft ants, it was enacted, That from after the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, no Manors,

Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or any Interest therein or Rent or Profit thereout, should pass, alter or change, from any Papist or Person professing the Popish Religion, by any Deed or Will, except such Deed within six Months after the Date, and such Will within six Months after the Death of th. Testa for, should he enrolled in one of the King's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elf. within the same County or Counties wherein the Manors, Lands and Tenements lie, in such manner ns therein for that Purpose is particularly directed: whereas by several Acts of Parliament made in the tenth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, and in the third, sixth, ninth, eleventh, twelfth, sixteenth and nineteenth 1 ' Year

58r

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. ir.

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it was enacted, That every Deed and Will which had been

then made, since the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass, alter or change any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, or Rent or Profit thereout, from any Papist or Person professing the Popish Religion, though not then in rolled, should be as good and eft edlual in the Law, as the same would have been in case the said Deeds and Wills had been enrolled within the Time limited by the said Clause in the said first mentioned Act for Inrolment thereof; provided the said Deeds and Wills should be enrolled on or before the respective Times in the said several Acts respectively mentioned, in such manner as by the said first mentioned Act £ was directed: And whereas by another Act made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present 26 ceo.i. 0.34.

Majesty it was enacted, That every Deed and Will made since the first Day of December one thousand

hundred and forty six, in order to pass, alter or change, any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, or any Rent or Profit thereout, from any Papist or Person proses e sing the Popish Religion, to any Protestant or Protestants, or by or by reason of which Deed or Will,

any Protestant or Protestants, may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other Interest whatsoever,

1 to his, her or their Use, for his, her or their Benefit, or to the Use or Benefit of any other Protestant or Protestants, though not enrolled, or not enrolled in due Time, should be as good and efrcc tual in the Law, as the same would have been in case the said Deeds and Wills had been enrolled within the Times limited by the said Clauses in the said Acts for the Inrolment thereof, provided the same Deeds and Wills should be enrolled on or before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, in such manner as by the said Clause in the said first mentioned act is directed; 'it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Deed and Will made since the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven huns ", tl, er Tjme dred and seventeen, in order to pass, alter or change, any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, or any Rent or Profit thereout, from any Papist or Person professing the Popish and wiiis of Religion, to any Protestant or Protestants, or by or by reason of which Deed or Will any Protestant or Papists till Protestants may claim or derive any legal, equitable or other Interest whatsoever, to his, her or their Use, 1 Jan, 1756. for his, her or their Benefit, or to the Use or Benefit of any other Protestant or Protestants, though not in rolled, or not enrolled in due Time, shall be as good and eft edlual in the Law as the same would have been in case the said Deeds and Wills had been enrolled within the Times limited by the said Clauses in the said Acts for the Inrolment thereof, provided the same Deeds and Wills shall be enrolled on or before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, in such manner as by the Lid Clause in the said first mentioned Act is directed.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make No Deed, C good any such Deed, Will or Lease, already made, and not enrolled, of the want of Inrolment whereof sood> Advantage shall have been taken, on or before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and f', dvan1'

fifty-five, but every such Deed, Will or Lease, shall remain of such Force and Effect only as the same caf.een would have had, if this at had never been made, and of none other Force and Effect. non inrolment

before i Jan. 1755.

III. And whereas many Purchases made by Protestants may be in danger of being impeached, or called Purchases made in question, in regard that some Deeds or Wills through which the Title thereto is derived, ought to by Proreflants have been enrolled according to the said acts, but have not been so enrolled; 'Be it therefore further^and good enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Purchase made for full and valuable Consideration of any'ha been'^e Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Interest therein, by any Protestant for non imol or Protestants, and merely and only for the Benefit of the Protestants, shall be impeached or avoided for orment. by reason that any Deed or Will through which the Title thereto is derived, hath not been enrolled as required by the said Acts, so as no Advantage was taken of Inrolment thereof before such Purchase was made, and so as no Decree or Judgement hath been obtained for want of the Inrolment of such Deeds or Wills.

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to make good ntogrant, C any Grant, Lease, or Mortgage of the Advowson or Right of Presentation, Collation, Nomination or Do of Advowson. of and to any Benefice, Prebend or Ecclesiastical Living, School, Hospital or Donative, or 311y pa Avoidance thereof, made by any Papist or Person professing the Popish Religion, in Trust, directly or inc toc ru " directly, mediately or immediately, by or for any such Papist or Person professing the Popish Religion, hereby deemed whether such Trust hath been declared by Writing or not.

CAP. XL

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore

C lit7'hereasit may he necessary for the Safety of this Kingdom, and the Defence of the Possessions See farther 29,

y V of the Crown of Great Britain, that a Body of Marine Forces should be raised and employed \nge° 2- C

majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain: And whereas the said Marine Forces at their first Forming, and other Times, must necessarily be quartered on Shore, where they will not be subject to the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Forces by Sea, yet nevertheless 1 it being requisite for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipiine be observed,

'ru hat Marines who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert his Majesty's Service, be brought

to;

; 2

C 11

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II.

brought to a more exemplary and ipcedy Punishment than the Law will allow

A.D. 1755.

Be it enacted by the

vateman in his Majesty's Service, and being ordered or employed in such Service, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, on shore in any Place within the Realm of Great Britain, or in the Kingdom of who fli.'ll muti Ireland, or in any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas respectively, shall begin, excite, catifeor ny, 01 deici 1, C j0jn in any Mutiny or Sedition in the Company to which he doh or shall belong, or in any other Company, Troop or Regiment, either of Marine or Land Forces, in his Majesty's Service, or shall not life his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any such Mutiny, or intended Mutiny, shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his commanding Officer, or shall dcfcrt his Majesty's Service; or being actually entered as a Marine in any Company, shall lift himself in any other Company, Troop or Regunent in his Maj; fly's Service, without first having a Distffiarge in Writing from the Officer commanding in Chief the Company in which he last fenced as a Marine; or shall be found sleep or shall be found ing upon his Post; shall leave it before relieved; or shall hold Correspondence with any Rebel or Enemy of his Majesty, or give them Advice or Intelligence of any Kind by any Ways or Means, or in any manner whatsoever; or shall treat with such Rebels or Enemies, or enter into any Condition with them, without his Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the Lo d High Admiral of Great Britain, or of three or more of tyre Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being; or shall Iriike or use any Violence against his superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his superior Officer, all and every Person and Persons so offending in any or Jftkei either of the Matters before mentioned, on shore, in any Part of this Kingdom or Ireland, or any of his Hr'majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a court-martial shall be infiidted.

or list in any other Regiment, See.

fireping on, or shall ciefeit 1: is Poll:, or liojd ij ieg.il Gonespond ence with the Dnemies, or flull ftrilcc, or d'sfobey his superior Ofti full fuss

million to hold general court-martial, &c.

Courts maitial

powered to make Articles

Death, See.

The Lon! High

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may from Time to Time, aimiral, C during the Continuance of this Act, be lawful to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of may grant ac m tj, g j jj Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, to grant a Commission under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to any Officer of Marines in his Majesty's Service, not under the Degree of a Field Officer, for the holding a general court-martial at any Place or Places on Shore, in this Realm or in Ireland, or in any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas; in

every of which court-martial, all or any of the Offences abovementioned, and all or any other of the Offences herein after specifieu, shall be tried and proceeded against in such manner as by this Act is directed. '

III. And be it also enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such court-martial respectively, may inflict Corby their Sentence or Judgement, to inflict corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, on any nem fortinmo ^drine for Immoralities, Misbehaviour, dr Neglect of Duty on shore, in any Place or Places within this

uitiesac. " Realm or Ireland, or any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, during the Continuance of this

at.

Lords, &c.sf the

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for admira.ty ms the j'ajg| lory High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord 01 War Admiral, at any Time during the continuance of this Act, to make and establish Rules and Articles

in Wliting under his or their respective Hand or Elands for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, Immoralities, Misbehaviour and Neglect of Duty, in any of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on shore in any Part of this Realm or Ireland, or any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, and for bringing and to constitute Offenders against the same to Justice, and to erect and constitute court-martial with Power to try, hear Conns martial. determine any Grimes or Offences specified in such Rules and Articles, and inflict Punishments by Sentence or Judgement for the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this AI.

None to be ada Rrov ided always, That no Person or Persons shall be adjudged to fuller any Punishment extending to judged of Use Life or Limb, by the said Ernies and Articles, within the Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, except 'or Limb, bt for for such Crimes as are expressed to be so punishable by this Act,

Crimes exprehed 10 be so punishable by this at.

renerai Court

VI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no general court-martial which shall have consist of Jess° ^owsr to lt by y*rtue of this act, shall consist of a Ids Number than thirteen, whereof none to be under than land the the Degree ofja commissionofficer of Marines, and the President of such court-martial shall not be under Prciident to be a the Degree ol a Field Officer of Marines, unless where such Field Officer cannot be had; in which Cale Field Officer, or the Marine Officer next in Seniority to such Field Officer, not being under the Degree of a Captain, shall pre^e stich court-martial; and that such Courtmartial shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby nm er the degree tequired lo administer an Oath to every Witnessj in order to the examina.ion or Trial of any of the ot ocaptain. fences that shall come before them.

May administer an Oath to yvicneffcs.

in Trials, Oifi

VII. Provided always, That in all Trials of Offenders by general court-martial to be held by virtue of cersto be fwem. this act, every Officer present at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangehfts, before the Court and Judge Advocate, or his Deputy, who are hereby authorised to administer the same, in these Words; that is to say,

XTO U shall well and truly try and determine, according to ihe Evidence which shall be given in the*X Matter now before you, between our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, and the Pi ifoner to be

tried.

So help yen GOD.'I A.B.

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 11. 58

I A.B. do swear. That I will duly administer Justice according to an act of Parliament now in Force,

X for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine f orces while on shore; according to the Rules and Articles made in pursuance of the said Act of Parliament for the Punishment of Mutiny and Del'ertion,

and other Crimes therein respectively mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or Afteftion; and if any Doubt final! arise (which is not explained by the said Act of Parliament, or the sail Rules and Articles)

according to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases:

And I further swear, That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court, until it shall be approved by the Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral oi Great Britain; neither will I, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a'witness by a Court of Justice, in aduecourse of Law.

So help me GOD

And so soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the The Judge Ad. Court, is hereby authorised and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or to the Person officiating asvrate to be such, an Oath in the following Words. sworn'

T ABDO swear, That I will not upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a "Witness by a Court of Justice, in a due Course of Law.

So help me GOD

And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender by any such general court-martial as afore fn Sentences of said, unless nine Officers present snail concur therein; and if there be more Officers present than thirteen, Denl'1 nine of then the Judgement shall pals by the Concurrence of two Thirds of the Officers present; and no Proceed to concut'> ing ortrial shall be had upon any Offence, but between the Hours of eight of the Clock in the Morning jj urs 0ftrial, and three in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example.

VIII. Provided always, That the Party tried by any general court-martial to be held as aforesaid, shall The Party tried,

be entitled to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings of such court-martial, upon Demand thereof made irnii led to a co by himself, or by any other Person or Persons on his Behalf (lie or they paying reasonably for the same) at northeast j "' any Time, not sooner than three Months after such Sentence, whether such Sentence be approved or not; cted ngs of ths anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding. Court alania],

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Judge Advocate, or Person Original pro officiating as such at any general court-martial, to be held as aforesaid, do, and he is hereby required to feedings, cof transmit, with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of Time and Distance of Place can admit, the original

Proceedings and Sentence of such court-martial to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time thesreretary being; which original Proceedings and Sentence shall be by him carefully kept and preserved in the Office, f the adadral of the Admiralty of Great Britain, to the end that the Persons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Appli ty, C cation to the said Office, to obtain Copies thereof according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

X Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enacted, That no Marine, either Officer or private Man, None to be tried

being acquitted or convicted of any Offence, at any such court-martial as aforesaid, shall be liable to be 107

tried a second Time by the same or any other court-martial for the same Offence; and that no Sentence Sentence not"?' given by any court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, be liable to be revised more than once. be revised more

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Private Man shall desert his thanor.ee.

majesty's Service in any of his Dominions beyond ihe Seas, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, and bail Dexters beyond escape and come into this Realm or Ireland, before he be tried by a court-martial for such Offence, and ea may be shall be apprehended for the same, such Officer or Private Man shall be tried for the same as if the said "jxd" 5 °!" Offence had been committed within this Realm. This, t

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any on

exempt any Marine, either Officer or Private Man whatsoever, while on shore, from being proceeded against We f. om ordf by the ordinary Course of Law. "'t Proofs.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons being acquitted or convicted of any capital ft

Crimes, Violences or Offences, by the Civil Magistrate, shall be liable, to be punisheu by a court-martial ^amaj^oniy

for the same, otherwise than by cashiering. hecaftieved by a

XIV. Provided also, That if any Marine Officer, non commission Officer or Private Man, shall be ac caurt martul. cussed of any capital Crime, or of any Violence or offence.against the Person, Estate or Property of any of Persons accw ed his Majesty's Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of the Land, the commanding Officer or ofcapitalcnme*, Officers of every Company or Party, is and are hereby required to use his and their utmost Endeavours to V Jed over to she deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistratej and shall also be aiding and shifting to the Officers civil

of Justice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to I ri. 1: And if any such commanding Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over any such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding and assisting to the Officers oi juf tice in the apprehending such Offender; every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County where the hast is committed, by the Oath of two credible Witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or.hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty's Service; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter sessions of the Peace for the said County, and a.certi

3 State

Gj

584 C 11. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1755.

ficate thereof be transmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

XV. And whereas his Majesty has been graciously pleased, in Compassion to the distressed Condition of several Widows of Officers of the Army who have lost their Lives in the Service of the late War, or during the late Rebellion, by Orders made under his Royal Sign Manual, to direct his Commissary General of the Musters to allow upon the muster rolls of all the Regiments, Troops and Companies, a ' Number of fictitious Names therein mentioned, instead of Private Men, in order to raise and settle a ' Fund for the Maintenance of such Widows of Officers as are or shall be entitled to his Royal Bounty jui?therefore, for the more effectually fulfilling his Majesty's said gracious Intentions, with respect to the u on themufier allowing of fictitious Names upon the muster rolls of the said Marine Forces, while on shore, for the toll" for the Purposes aforesaid; it further enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Maintenance of lawful, during the Continuance of this Act, to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Officers Widows taid Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, by Orders in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to direct the Person for the Time being, authorised Mu'ner."'L to pay the said Marine Forces, to pay over the full Pay of such fictitious Private Men as shall be allowed Paymaster to pay on the muster rolls of the said Marine Forces while on shore, as aforesaid, to the proper Receiver appointed the full Pay of by his Majesty, according to such Orders and Instructions as his Majesty shall be pleased to make under his sich Men to the gjg, Manual, for the Purposes aforesaid; that no Allowance of any such fictitious Name upon any muster roll of the said Marine Forces while on shore, as aforesaid, shall be construed to be a false Muster; any Thing in this or any former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas at this Time, and during the Continuance of this Act, there is and may be Occa fton for the marching and quartering of the said Marine Forces in several Parts of this Kingdom: 'Be it ^"uartetofif* further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and during the Continuance of this Act, and no longer cttand Men in (n pursuance of an Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf, under the Hand of the said Lord High inns, ale houses, Admiral, or under the Hands of three or more of the commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being) it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constables, Tythingmen, Head

boroughs and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns and Villages, and other Places within England, Wales and the Town of Benvick upon Tweed, and in their Default or Absence, for any one Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village or Place, and for no others; and such 'constables and other Civil Magistrates as aforesaid are hereby required to quarter and billet the Marines, both Officers and Private Men in his Majesty's Service, in Inns, Livery Stables, ale houses, victualling houses and all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or Metheglin by Retail, to be drank But in nodiftil in Houses; than and except the House or Houses of any Distillers who keep Houses or Places of lershouses, ox Jiftilling Brandy and Strong Waters, and the House of any shopkeeper, whose principal Dealings shall in any'private01 be 111012 n other Goods and Merchandizes than in Brandy and Strong Waters (so as such Distillers and

House?. Shopkeepers do not permit or fufter Tipling in his or their Houses) and in no other, and in no private

Houses whatsoever; nor shall any more Billets at any Time be ordered, than there are effective Marines penalty on Con present to be quartered; and if any Constable, Tythingman or suchlike Officer or Magistrate as aforesaid, llables, C quar shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Private Man, in any such private House, without the terirg them in Consent of the Owner or Occupier, in such Case such Owner or Occupier shall have his or their Remedy pmaie ou es, Law against such Magistrate or Officer, for the Damage that such Owner or Occupier shall sustain there rcnalty onoffi by; and if any Military Officer shall take upon him to quarter Private Men, otherwise than is limited and

cets quartering allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to any Mayors, Constables or other

Men contrary to CIV i Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of this Act, C Duty hereby required or appointed, such Military Officer shall, for every such Offence (being thereof

convicted before any two or more of the next Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of two credible Witnesses) be deemed and taken to be ipso fa£io cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty's Service; provided the Lid conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter sessions of the Peace of the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial; persons aggric ved and in case any Person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such Constable, Tythingman or Headborough, tld^n Chief Officer or Magistrate (such Chief Officer or Magistrate not being a Justice of the Peace) has (quartered

complain te any or billeted in his House a greater Number of Marines than he ought to bear, in proportion to his neigli justices, and be hours, and shall complain thereof to one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Division, City or relieved. Liberty, where such Marines aie quartered; or in case such Chief Officer or Magistrate shall be a Justice of the Peace, then on Complaint made to two or more Justices of the Peace of such Division, City cr Liberty, such Justices respectively shall have, and have hereby Power to relieve such Person, by ordering such and so many of the said Marines to be removed, and quartered upon such other Person or Persons as they shall see Cause; and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Marines accordingly.

ofbcersanima XVJLI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That the Marine Officers and Private Men so ntshed at the'" quartered and billeted as aforesaid, shall be received and furnished with Diet and Small Beer by the Owners Rates herein set of the Inns, Livery Stables, alc houses, victualling houses and other Houses, in which they are allowed for their Provi to be quartered and billeted by this Act, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein after mentioned, to be payable out of the subfillence money, for Diet and Small Beer.

Whstinnbolders

XVIII. Provided always, That in case any Innholder or other Person, on whom any non conimiit.on tirrs^to 'nd Officers or Private Men shall be quartered by virtue of this Act (except on a March, or employed in re

themselvi s " cruiting, and like wise except the Recruits by than raised, for the Space of seven Days at moll, lor fuel)

Nun

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. it. 585

non commission Officers and Private Men, who are recruiting, and Recruits by them raised) shall be

desirous to furnish such non commission Officers or Private Men with Candles, Vinegar and Salt, and

with either Small Beer or Cyder, not exceeding five Pints for each Men per Diem gratis; and allow to such

non commission Officers or Private Men the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating

their Meat, and shall give Notice of such his Desire to the Commanding Officer, and shall furnish and

allow the same accordingly; then and in such Case the non commission Officers and Private Men so quar in such Case,

tered shall provide their own Victuals; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually Mcn to fnd their

receive the Pay and Subsistence of such non commission Officers and Private Men, shall pay the fever a 1

Sums herein after mentioned to be payable out of the subfiiience money, for Diet and Small Beer to the ^eir fuupay.

non commission Officers and Private Men aforesaid, and not to the Innholder or other Person on whom such non commission Officers and Private Men are quartered; anything herein contained to the contrary

notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer shall take or Penalty on offi cause to be taken, or knowingly suffer to be taken, any Money of any Person for excusing the quartering ce, s

of Officers or Private Men, or any of them, in any House allowed by this Act, every such Officer shall be "eufc

cashiered, and be incapable of serving in any Military Employment whatsoever.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day No Paymaster, of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, no Paymaster or other Officer or Person whatsoever*0 pniakeue shall receive any Fees, or make any Deductions whatsoever out of the Pay of any Marine, either Officer or oncers or Sof Private Man in his Majesty's Service, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the Did pay/ic. twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven bundled and fifty-five, other than the usual Deductions for Exceptions. Clothing, and twelve Pence in the Pound to be disposed of as his Majesty shall think fit, and the one Day's

Pay in the Year for the Use of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and such other necessary Deductions as shall from Time to Time be directed by the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, by Order in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands.

XXI. And, that the Quarters both of the said Marine Officers and Private Men, while on shore as Officers to give aforesaid, may during the Continuance of this Act, be duly paid and satisfied, and his Majesty's Duties of Notice to Inn excise better answered; it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day

of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, every Officer or other Person to whom it belongs to their Hands, receive, or that shall actually receive the Pay or subsistence money for one or more particular Company or Companies of the said Marine Forces or otherwise, shall immediately upon each Receipt of every particular Sum, which shall from Time to Time be paid, returned or come to his or their Hands, on account of Pay or Subsistence, give public Notice thereof to all Persons keeping Inns or other Places where Officers or Private Men are quartered by virtue of this Act, and shall also appoint the said Innkeepers and others to repair to their Quarters, at such Times as they shall appoint, for the Distriburion and Payment of the said Pay or subsistence money to such Officers or Private Men, which shall be within four Days at the fsrtheft after the Receipt of the same as aforesaid; the said Innkeepers and others ftinll then and there acquaint such Officer or Officers with the Accounts of Debts I if any shah be) between them and the Officers and Private Men so quartered in their respective Houses; Accounts the said Officer or officers_are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the same, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be Rates of sukffft distributed, either to the Officers or Private Men, provided the said Accounts exceed not for one Marine ence, 0 pad Commission Officer, under the Degree of a Captain, for such officer's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, one

Shilling; and if such Officer shall have a Korfe or Horses, for each such Horse or Horses, for their hay(wt°errs. rs and Straw, per Diem, sixpence; nor for one Marine Private man's Diet and Small Beer, fourpence; and if any Officer or Officers as aforesaid, shall not give Notice as aforesaid, and shall not immediately upon.officers not gt producing such Account stated, satisfy, content and pay the same, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof, ving Notice of by any two Witnesses, at the next Quarter sessions for the County or City where such Quarters were s" br're, ncc'n10' (which Oath the Justices of the Peace at such Sessions are hereby authorised and required to administer) the ^a*t"^pay, ISS raymaster or Person for the Time being authorised to pay the said Marine Forces, is hereby required and p^master to fa authorised (upon Certificate of the said Justices before whom such Oath was made, of the Sum due upon tisfv them oat of such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same is owing) to pay and satisfy the said Sums out of theofficersane "rsj Arrears due to the said Marine Officer or Officers, upon Penalty that such Paymaster or Person shall forfeit their respective Place or Places of Paymaster or otherwise, and be discharged from holding the same for the future; and in case there shall be no Arrears due to the said Officer or Officers, then the said Paymaster or'"'deduct it out Person for the Time being authorised to pay the said Marine Forces, is hereby authorised and required toof lisp; IV deduct the Sums he shall pay, pursuant to the Certificate of the said Justices, out of the next Pay or subsistence money of the Company to which such Officer or Officers shall belong; and such Officer or Officers shall, for such their Offence, or for neglecting to give Notice or the Receipt of such Pay or subsistence money as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipso facio cashiered,

xaii. And where it shall happen that the subsistence money due to any Marine Officer or Private Man, On mev agfrem shall, by occasion of any Accident, not be paid to such Officer or Private Man, or such Officer or Private t uen theor man shall neglect to pay the same, so that Quarters cannot be or are not paid as this Act directs, in every jyj such Case it is hereb/further eunited. That every such Officer shall before his or their Departure out of his^'cmificoes or their quarters, where such Company shall remain for any Time whatsoever, make up the Accounts as for Money dae, this Act directs, with every Person with whom such Company shall have quartered, and signa Certificate See. thereof, and give the said Certificate so by him signed to the Party to whom such Money is due, with the Name of such Company to which he or they shall belong; to the end the said Certificate may be forth

Vue. VII 4 F with

586 C 11.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1755.

fied

Officers, be. to be quartered in Scotland as the Laws in force at

their March,

Rates for Carlo ges.

Paymaster to paylwith transmitted to the proper Paymaster of the Marines, who is hereby required immediately to make the Sum certi Payment thereof to the Person or Persons to whom such Moneys shall be due, to the end the same may be applied to such Company, under Pain as is before in this Act: directed for nonpayment of Quarters.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter Officers and Private Men in Scotland, in such and the like Places and Houses as they might have been quartered _ in by the Laws in force in Scotland at the Time of the Union; and that the Poueffors of such Houses shall

theuniondiren. only be liable to furnish the said Officers and Private Men quartered there, as by the said Laws in force at the Time of the Union was provided; and that no Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging, where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh. jurtlces to order

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more regular conft/bta' Provision of Carriages for his Majesty's Marine Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes and ibr^soldiers onses Accoutrements, in England, Wales, and the Town of Bervjick upon Tweed, all Justices of the Peace within their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Liberties and Precincts, being duly required thereunto by the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, by an Order in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, shall as often as such Order shall be brought and Shown unto one or more of them by the Officer or Officers of the Company or Companies of Marines so ordered to march, il!'ue out his or their Warrants to the High Constables, or Petty Constables of the Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred or Precinct, from, through, near or to which such Company or Companies shall be ordered to march, requiring them to make such Provision for Carriages, with able Men to drive the same, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them sufficient Time to do the same, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burden; and in case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any such Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, Division or Precinct, then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division, shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or ihcv/n to one or more of them by any of the Marine Officers aforesaid, ilfiue his or their Warrants to the High Constables or Petty Constables of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Division or Precinct, for the Purposes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency; and the aforesaid Officer or Officers, who by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant from the Justices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the High Constable or Petty Constable to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required at the same Time to pay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Wagon with five Horses shall travel, and the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Wain with six Oxen, or four Oxen with two Horses shall travel; and the Sum of nine Pence for every Mile any Cart with four Horses shall travel; and foin proportion for less Carriages; for which respective Sums so received, the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing to the Person or Persons paying the same; and such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having Carriages within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnish the same accordingly: And if any Marine Officer or Officers, for the Use of whose Corn penalty on Offi pany or Companies the Carriage was provided, shall force and constrain any Wagon, Wain, Cart orcar cers cercingwag riage, to travel more than one day's Journey, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return gons to navel home, or shall suffer any Marine or Servant (except such as are lick) or any Woman, to ride in the Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage aforesaid, or shall force any Constable or Petty Constable by Thrcatenings or menacing Words to provide Saddle horses for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horses from the Owners, by themselves. Servants or Private Men; every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, who are to certify the same to the proper Paymaster of his majesty's Marine Forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of five Pounds accordingly to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, and is also hereby empowered to deduct the same out of such officer's Pay.

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable or Petty Constable shall "y neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices of the Peace as shall be du elled unto them for providing Carriages as aforesaid, or if any Person or Persons appointed by such Constable or Petty Constable to provide or furnish any Carriage and Man, lltn.ll refuse or neglect to provide the same, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any al or Thing whereby the Execution of the Warrants shall be hindered or frustrated; such Constable, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of the parish where any such Offence shall he committed; and all and every such Offence and Offences shall and may be inquired of, heard and fully determined, by two of his majesiv's Justices of the Peace dwelling in or near the Place where such Offence shall be committed, who have hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner,

XXVI. And whereas the respective Sums of Money by this al appointed to be paid to the Constables by the Officers demanding such Carriages, may not, in many Cases, be sufficient to answer the Charge and Expense of providing the same, whereby the said Constables may be frequently at great Charges,

over ami above what is received by them of the said Officers, to the great Burden of the Tovnship of

; persons performing such Carriages may be grievously eppressed To

more than one d.^y's Journey,

Penalty on Con fiahlcs, be. Neg ir 11 left to provide Wilfull Carriages.

which he is Constable, or else the

prevent which, and that such Overplus Charge may be born by each County or Riding, at the general Charge of such County or Riding, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer

or

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II.

C

11.

5$7

or Treafitrers of each respective County or Riding shall, without Fee or Reward, pay unto such Constable Treasurers of all and every Rich reasonable Sum or Sums of Money, so by him paid or laid out for Rich Carriages, over the county to and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Marine Officer requiring Rich Carriages, out of the "W tlle cob Stock of such County or Riding, according to Rich Rates, Orders, Rules and Directions, as the dinatv charms" laid Justices of the Peace, in their Quarter sessions assembled, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall from Time tptime, during the Continuance of this Act, make, direct and appoint (which Orders shall be made without Fee or Reward) Regard being always had to the Season of the Year and the Length and Condition of the Ways by and through which Rich Carriages are to travel.

XXVII. And in case the said public Stock of the County or Riding be not sufficient (over and above the other Purposes for which it was raised) to satisfy the extraordinary Charge of Carriages before mentioned; it is hereby further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace, in their general Quarter sessions, The Money for shall have Power from Time to Time to raise Moneys upon their respective Counties or Ridings, in such p10^ p "rp°f "manner as they now raise Moneys for County Gaols and Bridges, to satisfy the said extraordinary Charge of h0'v to e ral £'Carriages.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, im No Wagon, C

pressed by Authority of this Act, shall be liable or obliged by virtue of this Act to carry above twenty hun to carry above ao dred Weight; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. lun ie eine'

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Carriages for the Service of the Marine Forces quartered Carriages in

or marching in Scotland, shall be provided in like Manner, and at the Rates, and the Furnisher of such car Scotland howto riages shall be paid, as was directed by the Law in force in Scotland at the Time of the Union. 11 prowl e '

XXX. And whereas several Marines, who being duly entered, may afterwards desert and be found e wandering, or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from his Majesty's serviceit is hereby further enacted, 'Fhat it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Headborough or Tythingman, of the Constables my Town or Place where any Person who may be reasonably suspected to be such a Deserter shall be found, to c'

apprehend or cause him to be apprehended, and to eause such Person to be brought before any Justice of the them before a Peace living in or near such Town or Place, who hath hereby Power to examine such suspected Person; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of one or morewitness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is a Marine duly entered, and ought to be with the Company to which he belongs, Rich Justice of the Peace shall forth Justice tocom with cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or to the House mlt thera> of Correction, or other public Prison, in Rich Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended, or to the Savoy in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the Cities of London or Westminster, or and transtnit an Places adjacent, and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being, of the

to the end such Person may be proceeded against according to Law; and the Keeper of Rich Gaol, House x^mirauyt " e of Correction or Prison, shall receive the full Subsistence of Rich Deserter or Deserters, during the Time Gael keel)'ei. to that he or they shall continue in his Custody, for the Maintenance of the said Deserter or Deserters, butreceke the shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of the Imprisonment of such Deserter or Deserters j Subsistence of any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding. Deserters.

XXXI. And, for the better Encouragement of any Person or Persons to secure or apprehend such De Reward for ta ferters aforesaid; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Justice of the Peace shall Deserters, also iitue his Warrant in Writing to the Collector or co.ledors of the Land Tax Money of the Parish or

Township where such Deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the Land Tax Money arisen or to arise in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, into the Hands of such Person who shall apprehend Or cause to be apprehended any Deserter from his Majesty's Service, the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which Sum of twenty Shillings shall be satisfied by such Collector to whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his Account.

XXXII. Provided always, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal or afllif any Deserter from his Penalty on con

majesty's Marine Service, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such ceding Deserters, Offence the Sum of five Pounds; or if any Person shall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or otherwise xuntcio thes receive any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture belonging to the King, from any Marine or Deserter, C'

upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or cause the Colour of Rich Clothes to be changed, the Person

so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds; and upon Conviction, by the oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said respective Penalties of five Pounds, and five Pounds, shall be levied by Warrant under the Hands of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the

- r -< / — t>.j. -- -- --'u- rr- -- of

of the Penalties.

Officer to whom any such Deserter or Marine did belong: and in case any such Offender who shall be con For want of Divided as aforesaid of harbouring or afnfting any such Deserter or Deserters, or having knowingly received ofter.dtr any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture belonging to the King, or of having caused the Colour of such to be com, issue'3. Clothes to be changed, contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalties within four Days after such Conviction; and in such eaje, such Justice or Justices of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, either commit such Offender to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of three Months, or cause such Offender to be publicly whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices.

Continuance of this Act.

ner to be discharged, with Costs.

588 C 11. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1755.

The preceding

XXXIII. Provided always, That so much of this Act as relates to the Punishment of such who shall clause t extend harbour, conceal or afllft Deserters, or shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange or otherwise receive any L re 0 Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture, belonging to the King, from any Marine or Deserter, or cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, shall extend to all Ends and Purposes whatsoever to Ireland, and shall be put in Execution in that Kingdom by all Justices of the Peace, and other Officers respectively, according to the Tenor, and during the Continuance of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and everything herein contained, shall be and continue in force from the Paid twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, until the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty six.

XXXV. And to prevent as far as may be any unjust or fraudulent Arrests that may be made upon Marines, whereby his Majesty and the Public may be deprived of their Service; it is hereby further enacted

abie^o'hrocefe1" t^lc Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever who is entered, or shall enter himself as a volun unlvs0for°some teer 'n h's majesty's Service as a Marine, during the Continuance of this Act, shall be liable to be taken criminal Matter; out of his Majesty's Service by any Process or Execution whatsoever, other than for some criminal Matter, or a real Debt of unless for a real Debt, or other just Cause of Action, and unless before the taking out of such Process or the value of 101. Execution (not being for a criminal Matter) the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, or some other Person or Per lmaae b°efor.tafons on ^'s or tkeir Behalf, shall make Affidavit before one or more Judge or Judges of the Court of re judge, cord, or other Court out of which such Process or Execution shall ilfuc, or before some Person authorised to taksaffidavits in such Courts, that to his or their Knowledge the original Sum justly due and owing to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, from the Defendant or Defendants, in the Action or Cause of Action on which such Process flrall issue, or the original Debt for which such Execution shall be issued out, amounts to the Value of ten Pounds at leaf!, over and above all Costs of Suit in the same Action, or in any other Action and a Memo on which the same shall be grounded, a Memorandum of which Oath shall be marked on the Back of such

randum thereof Process or Writ, for which Memorandum or Oath no Fee shall be taken; and if any Person shall never bidc of thel ro theless be arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for one or more Judge or ct!fs. Judges of such Court, upon Complaint thereof made by the Party himself, or by any his Superior Officer,

to examine into the same by the Oath of the Parties, or otherwise, and by Warrant under his or their otherwise Prifo Hands and Seals to discharge such Marine so airelled, contrary to the Intent of this Act, (without paying any Fee or Fees) upon due Proof made before him or them, that such Marine so arrested was legally entered as a Marine in his Majesty's Service, and arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and also to award to the Party so complaining, such Costs as such Judge or Judges shall think reasonable, for the Recovery whereof he shall have the like Remedy that the Person who takes out the said Execution might have had for his Costs, or the Plaintiff in the like Action might have had for the Recovery of his Costs, in case Judgement had been given for him with Costs, against the Defendant in the said Action.

XXXVI. And to the end that honest Creditors who aim only at the Recovery of their just Debts, due to them from Persons entered as Marines into his Majesty's Service, may not be hindered from suing for the same, but on the contrary may be assisted and forwarded in their Suits, and instead of an Arrest, which may at once hurt the Service, and occasion a great Expense and Delay to themselves, maybe enabled to proceed in a more speedy and cheap Method; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Notice sirs given in Writing of the Cause of Action to such Person or Persons so entered, or left at his or their last Place of Residence, before such entering, to file 2 common Appearance in any Action to be brought for or upon account of any Debt whatsoever, so as to entitle such Plaintiff to proceed therein to Judgement and Outlawry, and to have an Execution thereupon, other than against the Body or Bodies of him or them so entered as aforesaid; this Act, or anything herein, or any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And for the better preventing Abuses in quartering or billeting Marines in pursuance of this Act; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one

justices mayor of more Justice or Justices of the Peace within their respective Counties, Cities or Liberiies, by Warrant or der Constabks to Order under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, at any Time or Times during the Continuance give an Accoun^ f this Act, to require and command any High Constable, Constable, Bedel or other Officer, who shall Officers ami pri ftuarter or billet any Marines in pursuance of this Act, to give an Account in Writing unto the said Justice vate Men, and or Justices requiring the same, of the Number of Officers and Private Men who shall be quartered or bil where quartered, leted by them, and also the Names of the koufe keepers or Persons upon whom every such Officer or Private Man shall be quartered or billeted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every such ploufe keeper dwells, and of the Signs (if any) belonging to their Houses, to the end it may appear to the said Justice or Justices where such Officers and Private Men are quartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punilli all Abuses in the quartering or billeting of them.

Officers and l'ti

XXXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That all his Majesty's Marine Forces, as well thee Officers as Private Men, shall from Time to Time, during their being respectively born as Part of the on oar i C Compliment of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, be subject and liable, in like manner, in all Respects as any Officers or Seamen employed in his Majesty's 'sea Service are subject and liable to be governed, according to the Purport, Tenor, effect and true Intent and Meaning of an Act of Parliament made in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Latvs relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels and Forces by Set; this present Act, or anything herein contained notwithstanding.

Plaintiff giving Notice may file a Common Appearance,

and proceed to Judgement and Execution.

King's Ships to be governed according to 22 Oca. 2. C. 33.

Sx fat ll er 29 c*zt C 6,

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II.

C 12, 13.'589

CAP. XII.

An Act to explain and amend a Clause in an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in relation to the selling or offering to Sale any Game.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in 5 Anna, C. 4. tituled, An act for the better Prefrvation of the Game; it was enacted, That if any Higlar, Chap 13 2.7?. 1. C

Carrier, innkeeper, Victualler or alehouse keeper, should have in his Custody or poltefilon, or '3- 11 u " buy, sell or offer to sell, any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor, Heath game or Grouse, every pg.'

such Higlar, Chapman, innkeeper, Victualler, alehouse keeper or Carrier, (unless such Game in the g.'; £/. 2i"

Hands of such Carrier be sent up by Person or Persons qualified to kill the Game) shall, upon Conviction 2; £/. C 10. 1 of such Offence, forfeit for every Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor, Heath game or Grouse, the Sum oijf - '-r.27. 22 five Pounds, one Half to be paid to the Informer, and the other to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence was committed: And whereas Doubts have arisen with respect to the Meaning of the Word is

Chapman, whereby the Intent of the said Act hath been in some Degree defeated; 'Be it therefore cn Go. 2. C 2. acted by the King's mofi: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, whether qualified or not qualified to kill Game, shall sell, expose, Persons selling, or offer to Sale any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor, Heath game or Grouse, every such Person or Per or«p°fink to fons shall, for every such Offence, be subject and liable to the same Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties, as are jp^e infiifted by the said recited Act upon Higlars, Chapmen, Carriers, innkeepers, Victuallers or alehouse n.iities, in the rekeepers, for buying, selling or offering of Game to Sale. cited Action

Higlais5 coffering Game to Sale.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor, Heath game or Grouse, shall he found in the Shop, House or Possession of any Poulterer, Salesman, fish monger, Cook or paflry cook, the same shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be an Exposing thereof to Sale within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and the said recited Act, or any other Act; which said Forfeitures shall he recovered, and such Penalties infiifted, by such Means, and in such Manner, and from and within such Time, and shall be applied to such uses, as are prescribed by the said recited Act, or by any other Act or Acts since made for the Preservation of the Game; anything in the said recited Act, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Forfeitures and Penalties how to be recovered and applied. See farther 2 Geo. 3.

Game found in the House or pof felhon of a Poulterer, Salesman, Fishmonger, Cook, or pastry cook, deemed exposing thereof to Sale, C 19.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

WHEREAS any Persons, by losses and other Misfortunes, are rendered incapable of paying their Exploited by 23 ' whole Debts; and though they are willing to make the utmost Satisfaction they can, are never Geo. 2. c. 38.

theless detained in Prison by their Creditors: And whereas such unhappy Debtors have always bden deemed the proper Objects of public Companion, and by several Acts of Parliament have been discharged For the Relief therefore of Insolvent Prisoners who shall faithfully discover upon Oath, and deliver up and assign all their Effects and Estates whatsoever for the Benefit of their Creditors; and to prevent, as far as possible, the many Frauds and Abuses which in a great measure have obstructed the good Ends of such Acts; Be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and ever1' Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison or Alphabetical i.ia Prisons, in any County, Riding, Division, City, Town and Liberty, within this Kingdom respectively, ob.emadeo "tot shall, and is or are hereby impowered and required to take and make a true, exact and perfect List, alpha tod^fovpcbt oii betically, of the Name or Names of all and every Person or Persons, who, upon the firic Day of January, jan., 755.' one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, was or were really a Prisoner or Prisoners, in the actual Custody of any such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any Prison respectively, upon any Process whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damages, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, and of the Time with the Tima when such Prisoner or Prisoners were charged in Custody, and received in Prison, together with the Name vllcn barged, or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit such Prisoner or Prisoners is or are detained; and shall g"stat wn° 0 deliver the same to the Justices at their first: General or Quarter sessions of the Peace, to be held after the To^de]iwed thirty first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, for such County, Riding, Division, in to qu3rtcr. City, Town and Liberty respectively; and shall, in open Court, take an Oath to the Effect following Sessions, ei that is to say, Oath,

I A.B. '

590 C 13. Anno vicesimo cxftavo Georgii II. A.D. 1755.

T jl.b. upon my Corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, solemnly swear, profess and de ' I clare. That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names are inierted and contained in the foregoing List, by me now delivered and subscribed, were, to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief, upon the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty live, really and truly Prisoners, in actual Custody, in the Prison or Gaol of at the Suit or Suits of the several Persons therein

respectively mentioned; and that all and every of them have really and truly continued 2nd remained)in C actual Custody ever since; that the said List is a true, exact, per.ect and jui'c List of all such Persons as were really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody in the said Gaol or Prison of on the said

first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five.

So help mi GOD '

the Peace,

Copies of the

Which Oath the said Justices, at the General or Quarter sessions, in open Court, are hereby impowered to administer; the Words of which Oath shall be entered or written at the Lnd or Bottom < f every such List so delivered and subscribed in open Court, by every such Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper respectively; which List to be kept List so subscribed and sworn unto, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace of every such County, Riding, by the clerk of Division, City, Towji or Liberty respectively, for the better Satisfaction of the said Justices, and Information of all Creditors, and to be seen without Fee or Reward.

II. And, to the end that no such poor Prisoner may be defeated of his or her Discharge, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, by having his, her or their Name or Names left out of the said Lists so to be delivered, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any Prison, is and are hereby required to fix up, in the most

i.if: to be affixed conspicuous Place or Places in every such Prison, and at the most frequented and usual Gate, Door, or 'ons and oifthe Entrance into every such Prison, three or more true Copies' of the List or Lists to be delivered at the said Gates. General or Quarter sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, ten Days before the said Sessions; and if any such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler and Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers of any such Prison, shall, in any such List Penalty of not to be delivered in as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to insert the Name of any Prisoner or Prisoners who was or deliveringin, C were actually in Custody in their Prison on the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and per C 1 s. fifty-five, the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to insert the same, shall, for every such Name or Names so omitted, incur and be subject to such Penalty or Penalties as are herein after imposed or laid on every such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, who shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver such List as aforesaid; to be recovered in the same Manner, and to be applied to such Use and Uses, as are herein after directed for the Recovery and Application of the Penalty, ip case of such Neglect or Refusal to make out such List as aforesaid.

Persons inserted

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons in the Lists, and whose Names shall be inserted in such Lists, to be delivered in as aforesaid, who upon the first Day of contorrmng^to^ January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, were really and truly Prisoners in the actual Custody of by the any Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any Prison respectively of this Kingdom, who shall take the Oath herein after mentioned, shall and may be for ever released and discharged from their Imprisonment, in such manner as hereafter is provided that is to say, It shall and maybe lawful for any Justice or Justices of any County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Liberty, within this Kingdom (upon the Petition of such Prisoner or Prisoners) by Warrant under his and their Hands and Seals, to require the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any such Prison, within his or their respective Jurisdictions, to bring before the Justices at the next General or Quarter sessions of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held next after the Expiration of ten Days from the Date of the said Warrant, for such respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Liberty, the Body of any Period being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainer, together with 3 Copy or Copies of the Cause orcaufes which he, she or they, is or are charged with, in the several Gaols or Prisons as aforesaid, at the Time aforesaid; Warrant of the said Justice or Justices every such gaoler or Keeper is hereby commanded to obey; and such Prisoner coming before such Justices at the said General or Quarter sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, shall in open Court subscribe and Prisoner to deli deliver in a Schedule of his or her whole Estate, Real and Personal, either in Possession, Reversion or Schedule Remainder, or held in Trust for him or her, or for his or her Benefit or Advantage, and the Names of his or her several Debtors, and the several Sums of Money from them respectively secured or owing, upon any Specialty, Contract, or other Account whatsoever, and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing, and of the Witnesses who can prove such Debts or Contrails (if there be any such) and make Oath, and swear to the Eftcdl following; that is to say,

this at, discharged by Justices.

of his Estate, Debts, and Debt on.

1 i.u. upon my Corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protest, and ' JL declare, That on the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, was a Pri ' foner within the Prison of in the actual Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the said Prison of at the Suit of

without my Consent or Procurement, and

without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever; and that the Schedule now delivered, and by me subscribed, doth contain, to the hest of my Knowledge, Remembrance, and Belief, a full, just, true i and perfect Account and Discovery of all the Goods, Effects and Estates, Real and personal,

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 13. 591

either in possession, Reversion or Remainder, or in Trust for me, or for my Benefit or Advantage, unto

me in any wise belonging or appertaining; and such Debts as are to me owing, or to any Person or per soils in Trust for me; and of all the Securities and Contrails whereby any Money now is, or will or

may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage accrue to me, or to my Use, or to any Per

or Persons in Trust for me, and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom £ such Debts are due and owing, and of the Witnesses that can prove such Debts or Contrails; and that

neither I, nor any other Person or Persons in Trust for me, have Lands, Money, Stock or any Estate

or Personal, in Possession, Reversion or Remainder, other than what are in the said Schedule con rained, except Wearing Apparel, Bedding for myself and Family, Working Tools, and necessary Im £ piements for my Occupation and Calling, and these in the Whole not exceeding the Value of ten

Pounds; and that I have not, nor anybody for me, directly or indirectly sold, leifened or otherwise

disposed of in Trust or concealed, all or any Part of my Land, Money, Goods, Chattels,

Stock, Debts, Securities, Contrails or Estate Real or Personal, whereby to secure the same, or to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage thereof, or to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors to £ whom I am indebted, in any wise howsoever.

So help me GOD.'

And which said Schedule, being so subscribed in the Presence of the Justices, in open Court and Sessions be

aforesaid, is to remain with the Clerk of the Peace, for the better Information of all the Creditors of clerk of The such Prisoner; all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest and Trust of such Prisoner, of, in, and unto peace, such Real Estate, as well Copy or Customary held, as Freehold, and such Personal Estate, Debts and effeils, contained in such Schedule as aforesaid, and all other the Real and Personal Estate of such Prisoner, shall, immediately after the Discharge of such Prisoner, be, and is hereby vested in the Clerk of the Peace of and for the County, Riding, City or Town Corporate, who is hereby directed and authorised by.

Order of the Justices at their General or Quarter sessions of the Peace so held as aforesaid, to make an

Assignment of the Estate and effeils to such of the Creditors of the said Prisoner, as the major Part of the to Afliececs/

laid Creditors of the said Prisoner, who shall apply for the same, by any Writing under their Hands, shall direct and appoint (which Assignment so made as aforesaid, shall be a good and effectual Assignment in

Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and for the Execution of which the said Clerk of the Peace

shall take a See of two Shillings, and no more) in Trust for themselves, and the rest of the Creditors;

which said Assignee or Assignees is and are hereby empowered to sue in his, her, or their own Name or Names for, and to recover and receive the same; and also to execute any Trust or Power vested in, or

created for the Use or Benefit of such Prisoner, for the Use and Benefit of themselves, and the rest of such

Creditors; and to give sufficient Discharge and Discharges to such respective Debtor or Debtors; and fully Benefit f

to divide the said prisoner's Estate and ivfte£ls, or the Moneys arising from the Sale or Disposition thereof crcli't01s'

(such Sale or Disposition to be approved of by the major Part of the said Creditors in Writing as aforesaid) among the Creditors of such Prisoner, who, within one Month after Notice of such intended Dividend published in the London Gazette, shall produce to such Assignee or Assignees, an Affidavit made before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, who is and are Hereby empowered to take the same, proving his or her Debt due from the said Prisoner so discharged, in equal Proportions, according to their respective.

Debts; and after the same is recovered and received, to render the Overplus, if any shall be (their own Debts and Charges first deduced) to the Prisoner, his Executors, or Administrators.

IV. Provided always, That all and every such Assignee and Assignees of every Copyhold or Customary Assignees of Co estate of such Prisoner as aforesaid, shall, before such Time as he or they, or any of them, shall enter, ^u'nd^with° or take any Profit thereof, agree and compound with the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors, of whom tbam d of the the same mail be held, for such Fine or Income, upon any Surrender and Admission, as heretofore havemanoi; been most usual and accustomed to be paid; and that, upon every such Agreement or Composition, the said Lord or Lords for the Time being, at the next Court to be held for the said Manor or Manors,

shall grant unto the said Assignee or Assignees the Copyhold or Customary Estate, by Copy of court roll, Copyhold, C

according to the Custom of the said Manor or Manors, for and during the Estate and Interest to him or l°rab, ^ctr^on

them so assigned as aforesaid; reserving the Rents, Duties, Heriots, Customs and Services, to which the8rante! '

said Copyhold or Customary Estate was subject and liable at the Time of the said aaignment; and shall

also, at the same Court, admit the said Assignee or Assignees, Tenant or Tenants of the same, according to the Custom of the said Manor or Manors.

V. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or affect any Estate or Interest,

or Right whatsoever of any other Person or Persons than the said Prisoner, which may be expectant'^by "is Act upon or subject unto the Estate or Interest of the said Prisoner hereby vested in the said Clerk of the Peace; "

but that the Estate, Interest and all Rights whatsoever, of every such Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall remain and continue in the same manner as if this Act had not been made.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any rent, not exceed effefls, where

ing two Years Rent, shall be due to any Person or Persons from such Prisoner or Prisoners at the Time of tltto'0 his or their respective Discharges in respect to any Meftbages, Lands or Tenements then in Lease to such landlord' ° Prisoner or Prisoners respectively, for Life or Lives, for Years, at Will or otherwise, no Goods or Chat ' '

tels then lying or being in or upon the respectivb Tenements foin Lease or liable to be distrained, shall be assigned by the Clerk of the Peace in manner aforesaid, but shall by such Clerk of the Peace be transferred to

such Landlord or Landlords, or some Person or Persons entrusted for him or them respectively, towards Satisfaction of the Rent then due, not exceeding two Years Rent as aforesaid, unless the Person or Persons to whom such Alignment shall be made by such Clerk of the Peace, shall, by Writing under his or their

3

C3*

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II.

A.D.

tmless the af signers satisfy the Landlord.

8 Ann. C 14.

Mortgages, C not afte&ed.

Power mprlfoner '

1755.

respective Hands and Seals, before such Alignment, agree to pay or satisfy to such Landlord or Landlords the Rent to him or them respectively due, not exceeding two Years Rent as aforesaid, to the Intent that such Landlord or Landlords may be satisfied the Rent or Rents to him or them respectively due, before any Division of the Estate or Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners among his other Creditors, in like manner as he or they might be satisfied the Rent to him or them respectively due before the Removal of such Goods and Chattels, by virtue of an Execution by force of the Statute made in the eighth Year of her late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Security of Rents, and to prevent Frauds committed by Tenants, anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall! extend or be confirmed, to hinder or prevent any Mortgage or Mortgages upon the Estate of such Prisoner or Prisoners or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, enements or Hereditaments, comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages respectively; to prevent any Statute staple, Statute merchant, Recognisance or Judgement, acknowledged by or obtained againflr, any such Prisoner or Prisoners, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Real Estate of such prisoner or Prisoners; and also where any Inquisitioa hall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognisance, or any Writ of Execution shall have been taken out, and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer, upon any such Judgement, before such Alignment made by the Clerk of the Peace, as aforesaid, upon his or their personal Estate respectively, preferable and prior to any Division of the Estate and effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners among his other Creditor or Creditors, for so much as shall remain really due upon such Mortgage, Statute, Recognisance or Judgement respectively, in like manner as such Mortgagees and Creditors by Statute, Recognisance or judgement, would have been preferred to other Creditors of an inferior Nature, against: the Real or Personal Estate of such Prisoner and Prisoners respectively, if this Act had not been made; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas many Persons who may be in titled to and claim the Benefit of this Act, are seized e and possessed of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to hold to such Prisoners for the Term of their e natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases (for Fines reserving small Rents) on such Estates for one, two or three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of Years, determinable upon Lives, which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Prisoners Be it thereof leasing Lands, fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case, all and every the Powers of leasing such to vert m Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which are or shall he veiled in or claimed by any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby vested in the Assignee or Assignees of the Real and Personal Estate of such Prisoner by virtue of this Act to be by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of all and every the Creditors of such Prisoners, as aforesaid.

Prisoners intend

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Prisoner and Prisoners ing to take the who shall so petition to be discharged under this Act, as aforesaid, shall cause publick notice to be inserted aaefto°fveno 'n tree federal London Gazettes, previous to such General or Quarter sessions, or any Adjournment thereto In° London" at which the said Prisoner and Prisoners shall apply to be discharged, containing the Name, Trade or Gazette. Occupaion, and two last Places of Abode, if so many, of every such Prisoner and Prisoners, and the

Prison wherein he, she or they is or are confined, and of his, her or their Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, and mentioning such Notice in each Gazette, to be the first, second and third Notice, according Pee for the same to the Time of publishing each of such Notices; for each of which said several Notices, there shall be paid by each Prisoner twopence, and no more; the first of which said Notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazette, thirty Days at least, and the last of the said Notices, ten Days at leaf! before such General or Quarter sessions so held as aforesaid, so that as well all the Creditors who have not charged the said Prisoner or Prisoners in Custody, as those Creditors who have charged such Prisoner or Prisoners, may have sufficient Notice as aforesaid; and in case it shall be proved either upon Oath, or by producing the said three Gazettes, before the said Justices at their said Sessions, that the said public Notices were so inserted in the London Gazette, in manner as herein before is directed; that the said Person or Persons so petitioning was or were actually a Prisoner or Prisoners on the said first Day of January one thousand seven pufoner's Oath, hundred and fifty-five; and the Oath taken by the said Prisoner or Prisoners be not disproved by good tef &rov"d th"sfuf timony f any credible Person or Persons on Oath, to be administered by the said Justices, then the said tices"vre to dif Just C s ln their said General or Quarter sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, or the major Part of them charge him. being satisfied therewith, shall thereupon, by Order of the said Sessions, command the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any such Prison or Prisons, forthwith to set at Liberty such Prisoner or Prisoners, without having or taking any Fee or Reward, other than one Shilling for his or their Attendance with such Prisoner or Prisoners at such General or Quarter sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, in order for his, her or their Discharge; which Sum of one Shilling such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers of such Prison w Prisons, are hereby authorised and empowered to receive and take for the Purposes aforesaid, and no more; which Order shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers or Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, and shall indemnify him or them against any Escape or Escapes, or Action or Actions whatsoever, which shall or may be brought, commenced or prosecuted against him or them by reason thereof.

Court, if required X And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Court of General or quarter alm nifct'n0 'Sessions, which, purfitant to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall make any Order for the dif ch.nge of any Prisoner or Prisoners aforesaid, shall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors, who lull oppose such prisoner's Discharge, administer and give such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers of such Prison or i rifons, w.ierein the said Prisoner or Prisoners is or are, an Oath, to the following Effect; that is to say,

I A.B.

S

gaoler's See.

Guh to the Gaoler.

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii XI C 13. 593

I A.B. do swear, That was really and truly my Prisoner in my Custody, in the Prison

I of to the bell: of my Knowledge and Belief, at or upon the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; and the Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainer, and the

Copy or pies of the Cause or Causes, now by me brought with the Body of the said

the Warrant of his or her Detainer; and is or are a true Copy or Copies, without any Fraud or De ' ceit by me, or by any other to the best of my Knowledge.

'So help me GOD.'

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Person or Persons, as Gaolers w ho was the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of such Gaol or Prison on the said first Day olweie noc 10 on January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, shall not happen to be the Sheriff' cr Sheriffs, gaoler^[/ai^foiioa or Gaolers or Keeper of such Gaol or Prison, at the Time of making such Order, that the said General oring Oath. Quarter sessions, held as aforesaid, if required as aforesaid, shall administer and giro to such Persons as shall be Sheriffs, Gaolers or Keepers of such prison or Prisons, at the Time of making such Order an Oath touching the Commitments; or Jooks of Commitment, to the Effect following; that is to say,

I A.B. 'do swear, That I have examined the Commitments, or Books kept of or concerning the Commitment of Prisoners to the Prison of in the County of and I

verily believe, that the said Commitments or Books of Commitment, are really true, and not fictitious,

nor calculated for this Purpose; and by them it does appear, that

was, on the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, really and truly a Prisoner in the actual Custody of the then Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper of the said Prison, without Fraud or Deceit by me, or the said or any other Person or Persons to my Knowledge.

So help me GOD.

CXII. And whereas great Numbers of Workmen skilful in the several Trades and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and also many able Seamen and Mariners, finding themselves unable to satisfy the Whole of their respective Debts, and dreading the Miseries of a Gaol, have chose to leave their Employments and Native Country, and have entered themselves in Foreign Service: And whereas their Continuance Abroad must be of great Prejudice to the Trade of this Kingdom In order therefore to induce and enable such Persons to return; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Debtor and Debtors, who was orwere actually beyond the Seas in Foreign Parts on the said first Day of January one Debtors who thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, who shall return and surrender himself or themselves unto the Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, of the Prisons of the King's Bench, Marshalsea or Flee!, or to the ^jvfiirrender prison or Prisons of such County or Counties where such Debtor or Debtors last dwelled for the spaceing.and conform of six Months (which said Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, are hereby required and empowered toing, to have the receive and detain such Debtor or Debtors surrendering as aforesaid, in order to their Discharge, as herein of this

after mentioned) shall, from and immediately after such Surrender as aforesaid, be deemed a Prisoner or Aa'

Prisoners within, and be to all Intents and Purposes entitled to the Benefit of this Act, and shall upon due Proof of the said Premises, by the Oath of such Debtor or Debtors (not disproved by any credible Witness) be discharged in the same manner, as if he, she or they, had been actually in Prison on the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, and continued therein as aforesaid, subject nevertheless to the same Restrictions and Provisions, and upon Compliance with the same Terms,

Conditions and Qualifications, herein before imposed upon the said Prisoners actually in Custody upon the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, and also subject to the Terms and Provisions, relating to the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner as aforesaid, excepting only such Particulars thereof, as require the Name of a Prisoner to be inserted in the Sheriffs, Gaolers or Keepers List as aforesaid, or relate to the Oaths of such Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper herein before appointed to be taken; which Particulars cannot possibly be applied to the Case of Persons surrendering themselves as aforesaid; also except the said Oath herein before appointed to be taken by Prisoners in Custody upon the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, instead whereof the said Person or Persons so surrendering shall take an Oath to the eff?£t following, which the said Justices, authorised to put this at in Execution, are hereby required and empowered to administer, in such manner as the Oaths herein before mentioned are to be administered.

I A.B. do, upon my Corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, solemnly swear, protest, and Fugitive's Oath, X declare. That I was actually, on the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, beyond the Seas in Foreign Parts, videlicet, at and that the schedule

now delivered, and by me subscribed, doth contain, to the best of my Knowledge, Remembrance, and Belief, a full, just, true and perfect Account and Discovery of all the Estate, Goods, and Effects to me in any wise belonging; and such Debts as are to me owing, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for 4 me; and of all the Securities and Contrails, whereby any Money now is, or will or may hereafter be come payable, or any Benefit or Advantage accrue to me, or to my iife, or to any other Person or Persons in Trust for me; and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing, and of the Witnesses that can prove such Debts or Contrails; and that nei there I, nor any other Person or Persons in Trust for me, have Land, Money, Stock or any Estate,

594 C J Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1755.

Real or Personal, inpossession, Reversion or Remainder, other than what are in the said Schedule contained, except Wearing Apparel, Bedding for myself and Family, Working Tools, and necessary Implements«for niy Occupation and Calling, and these in the Whole not exceeding the Value of ten Pounds; V and that I have not directly or indirectly sold, lessened or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in Trust, or«concealed, all or any Part of my Land, Money, Goods, Chattles, Stocks, Debts, Securities, Contracts

or Estates Real or Personal, whereby to secure the same, or to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage thereof, or to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors to whom 1 am indebted, in any wise howsoever,

'So help me GOD.'

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers or Keeper of any Prison, shall! without just cause to be approved of by the said Justices, refuse or gioleranlprin delay to bring any such Prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, to the said General or Quarter sessions, in order tev of Gazelle, to or her Discharge, or shall neglect or refuse to make out and deliver such Lists as aforesaid, or to take ictlicpre"u an f t'lc said Oaths before mentioned, or shall upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever take or receive

3: ', s of tills more than the said Sum of one Shilling herein before allowed for his or her Attendance, in order to be

a t, to fors.it to discharged of such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, or shall detain the Prisoner after he or she shall be

t ie imfoner discharged as aforesaid; or if the Printer of the London Gazette shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert

r s anli trc "le therein the Name, Trade, Occupation and last Place of Abode of such Prisoner, on reasonable Requests to him made for that Purpose, or shall take or receive any Fee or Gratuity more than twopence as aforesaid for so doing; every such Sheriff, Gaoler and Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, and such Printer of the London Gazette, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each Prisoner the Sum of one hundred Pounds, which shall and may be recovered with treble Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

Gaolers convict

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler. d or Perjury, to or Qaojers or Keeper of any Prison, shall, in taking any of the aforementioned Oaths, forswear or per ihe adignees.10 jilre himself, and shall thereof be lawfully conviced, such Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison or Prison t (over and above such Penalties as maybe inflicted on Persons convicted of Perjury) shall, upon every such Conviction, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs, by Bill, Plaint or Information, or Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Ffloin, Protection, Wager of Law or other Delay to be allowed, by and in the Name of such Persons, their Executors and Administrators, as shall in pursuance of this Act be appointed Assignees of the "Estate and lffecs of the Prisoner or Prisoners, for discharging of whom such Perjury shall be committed; and for want of such Assignees, in the Name or Names of any other Creditor or Creditors, who shall lue for the said Penalties; to be applied one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety towards Satisfaction of the Debts of such his Creditor or Creditors.

Gaolers inferring

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who now is or was on wrong Names, the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, Sheriff or Gaoler or Keeper of any aool° Prison, shall insert in any List or Lists delivered as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who was or were not Prisoner or Prisoners, acually in Custody on the said first Day of January one thou "seven hundred and fifty-five, according to the Tenor of the said Oath taken at the Time of delivering in such Lists, every such Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper, shall, for every Name so inserted as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be recovered in the same Manner, and applied to the same Use or Uses, as herein before direced for the Recovery of the said Penalty and Forfeiture in case of con vicion of Perjury.

Clerk of the

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Clerk of the Peace shall delay Pcjce refusing to or refuse to give every i r any such Prisoner, so discharged as aforesaid, within t.ndays after his or her gus w. Discharge, a Copy of the Cider of his or her Discharge, on the Payment of two Shillings and sixpence, charge^or taking or fiat; e, nore than the said Sum of two Shillings and sixpence for such Copy, every Clerk of the Peace extraordinary so offending shall forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be ordered to be Sees, to forfdt paid by the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter sessions of the Peace, who are h.reby im aci] powered to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person so offending.

Prisonerconvia

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Prisoner, as aforesaid, or CD of Peijiry, to ally Person or Persons enabled to take the Benefit of this Act, shall forswear or perjtre himself, herself or u eras a aeon. Bicmselves, in any of the Matters aforesaid, and shall be lawfully convicted of wilful Perjury, he or flic shall be adjudged a Felon, and suffer as such, without Benefit of Clergy, rnf ers def.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person to be discharged by this act^notliablevo atat any Time hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any Judgement or Decree obtained for Pay

lniprisonment merit of Money only, or for any Debt, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, contracted, for Debts, Szc. incurred, occasioned, owing or growing due, before the said first Day of January one thousand seven liun cr.ntrafted before dred and fifty-five; but that upon every Arrest upon every Judgement, or such Decree, 'or for such Debts, t jan. 1755. Damages, Contracts, Costs, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Process is ftted, upon the wing the Copy of the Order of such prisoner's Discharge or Discharges, to release and discharge out of Custody such Prisoner or Prisoners, as aforesaid; the Judge is hereby empowered so to do, lb as every such Prisoner or Prisoners arrested or detained upon Execution.

595

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 13.

cution or mesne Process, do give a Warrant of Attorney to appear to every such action, and to plead thereunto.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any action ofefcape or any Suit, n3yl

or Action, be brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper of any Pri against suits to son, for performing their Office, in pursuance of this act, they may plead the General ifi"ue, and give this Escape of pni'o act in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff" be nonsuited or discontinue hi, action, or verdict pass against him, ners. or Judgement upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have treble Goffs; provided that the Discharge of any Treble Costs. Person, by virtue of this Act, shall not acquit any other Person from such Debt, Sum or Sums of Money, fone, mu to jc" or any Part thereof, but that all others shall be answerable for the same, in such manner as they were be q, itothers an" fore the passing of this Act. fwsrable for the same Debt.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That notwithstanding the Discharge and J, lde of the Person of such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, all and every Debt or Debts due or owing from rnc", s a°nft fvi_ the said Prisoner or Prisoners, and all and every Judgement or Judgments had and taken, and Decree oh jp°crsa Lands and tained against him or her, shall stand, and be goed and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, Effects. against the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Goods and Chattels of the said Prisoners so discharged

as aforesaid, which he, she or they, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for him, her or them, at the Time of such Discharge hath or have, or at any Time hereafter shall or may be any wise seized or possessed of, interested in, or entitled to, either in Law or Equity; except his, her or their Wearing Apparel, Bed Wearing appa ding for his, her or their Families, and Working Tools, and Implements necessary for his, her or their!'e.ddin">and Occupations, not exceeding the Value of ten Pounds in the Whole; and it shall and may he lawful to and c'x'c°!ft^e.lc03' for such Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner or Prisoners so discharged as aforesaid, his, her or their ex an(jciedi tormay eeutors or Administrators, to take out a new Execution against the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, take out a new Goods and Chattels of such Prisoner or Prisoners (except as before excepted) for the Satisfaction of his, Execution, her or their Debts, in such Sort, Manner or Form, as he, fne or they might have done, if the Person or Persons of such Prisoner or Prisoners had never been in Execution; any act, Statute, Law or Custom, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person discharged by this act, in case any Persons discharg scire facias, or action of Debt, shall be brought against him or her upon any Judgement obtained againsted may plead ge him or her, or Statute or Recognisance acknowledged by him or her, before the said first Day of January batons CC to one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, with respect to Prisoners in actual Custody, or with respect to brooghton judge debtors beyond the Seas, as aforesaid, upon the said first Day of Jamtary one thousand seven hundred and mems, C be fifty five, to plead generally in discharge of his or her Person or Persons from Execution, that he or lheforc ija«. i75S» was actually a Prisoner in such Prison, at such a person's Suit, or was or were beyond the Seas in Foreign Parts, on the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, and was or were duly discharged according to this act at the General or Quarter sessions held at such Time and Place for such County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Town or Place Jas his, her or their Case is) without pleading any Matter specially; and in case any other Suit or action shall be commenced against him, her or them, for any other Debt, Sum or Sums of Money, due before the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, to plead in discharge of his or her Person from Execution (over and above such Matters as aforesaid) that such Debt, or Sum of Money (as the Case shall happen) was contracted or due before the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, without pleading any other Matter specially, where to the Plaintiffs shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may hew the said Defendant not to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same manner as the Plaintiff might have replied in case the Defendant had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge by virtue of this act, specially; and if the Plaintiff" be nonsuited, discontinue his action, or verdict pass against him, or Judgement on Demurrer, the Defendant to have treble Costs.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person against whom Bankrupts not a Commission of Bankrupt hath been awarded and issued out, and who hath not already obtained his obtaining Certi certifieate, and Discharge of his Debts, in pursuance of, and in such manner, as is directed by some ficates'

or one of the acts of Parliament now in Force, relating to or concerning Bankrupts, or shall not obtain such Certificate and Discharge before such Time as he shall he brought before the Justices of the Peace, at their General or Quarter sessions held as aforesaid, in order to be discharged in pursuance nt to be bene of this act, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this act, nor be deemed to be f, ted this Act. within the Meaning thereof.

XXIII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to ex Attorneys, C tend, to release or discharge any Attorney at Law or Solicitor, or any other Person or Persons acting

or pretending to act as such, with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall stand charged for any noie's gee Money or other effecis recovered and received by him or them, for the Use of any Person or Persons, /ucd.

Bodies Corporate or Politic, and by any Attorney, Solicitor or other Person or Persons acting as such, imbezzeled, concealed or converted to his or their own Use; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to that Part of Great Britain called sect ^ot}°extend to

1 j Scotland;

land.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Sheriff", Gaoler or Keeper of Gaoler to permit any Prison, shall, and is hereby required to suffer, in the daytime, any Person or Persons desiring the p^d'ona 1° rpeak same, to see and speak in the Lodge, or some convenient Room of the said Prison, with any Prisoner orth lion!: r,

4 G 2 Prisoners,

596 C 13.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1755.

who are inserted Prisoners, whose Names are inserted in the aforementioned List or Lists or London Gazette, or either of in the List or them, or any Persons surrendering themselves pursuant to this Act 3 and also see, in the true and genuine

anttovee the Books f the Lid Prison, the Entries made of the Name or Names of such Prisoner or Prisoners.

Books of Entries, with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Suits he, she or they are detained;

and if any such Sheriff", Gaoler or Keeper, shall neglect or refuse to comply V ith what is here above reen

Penalty of 401, See,

Prisoner not declaring the

C

Petitioner to leave with the Justices acopy of the Schedule,

qitired, such Sheriff", Gaoler or Keeper, hall forfeit and pay to the Person so refused and aggrieved the Sum of forty Pounds, over and above all the Penalties provided by any other former Law now in being, to be recovered with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the Courts of Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Prisoner, being thereunto Abode cof the required by any Creditor, shall refuse to discover and declare the Trade or Occupation and Habitation, or Person at whose last Place of Abode, of the Person or Persons at whose Suit he or she are detained; or being called for, Suit be is detain shall, without reasonable Cause, refuse to come to the Lodge of the Prison where he or she is detained j ed, or not coming every such pr; foner shall, upon Proof thereof before the Justices at the General or Quarter sessions held as not to bevne' aforesaid, be incapable of receiving any Benefit by this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary ft ted. thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Gaoler making

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Sheriff", Gaoler or Keeper fulfc Entries, cof any Prison or Prisons, shall make or cause. to be made, any false Entries in any Book or Books belong fovfeits j, oooo i. ing to the said Prison, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to be prepared and kept, any false Books, in orasr for such false Entries, such Sheriff", Gaoler or Keeper, shall, over and above the Penalties which may be infiibled for such Fraud, Forgery or Corruption, forfeit and pay the Sum of one thousand Pounds, to be recovered, with treble Costs of Suit, by and in the Name of any Person or Persons to whose Prejudice such false Entries shall in any wifd tend, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no eftoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Prisoner and Prisoners petitioning to be discharged by this Act, shall, at the Time of such petitioning, leave with the justice or Justices petitioned, a true Copy of the Schedule, containing his or her intended Discovery, to be sworn unto at the General or Quarter sessions aforesaid; which Copies shall be transmitted to the respective Clerks of the Peace, and there to be seen, without Fee or Reward, by any Creditor desiring the same.

XXIX. And whereas there is but one Common or County Gaol for each of the respective Counties of York and Lincoln, which said Counties are each of them divided into three several Ridings or Divisions, ' all which have several Commissions of the Peace; and if the Gaoler of those Gaols be obliged to carry the Debtors Prisoners therein, to the Quarter sessions of each Riding or Division, the same will be a justices for Com' ' very great Charge, not only to such Gaolers, but also to the Prisoners, in those large Counties: 'Be it York and L n therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for two or more Justices of theft reftest^ve the Beace for each of the said Ridings and Divisions, in their respective Counties, at the Common or Gads foi dif County Gaol thereof respectively, to assemble and meet, and to hold Session there by Adjournment from charge of Prifo their respective Quarter sessions, from Time to Time for the Discharge of the respective Prisoners there, lc, s. according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions of this Act.

Persons confined

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Debtors and others, who were in ct^fnemandtof ^r'son on f before the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, in the several the Gaoler, C Gaols of this Kingdom, for want of paying their Sees, Rents, Charges or any other Demands, due to the to be discharged. Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison respectively, or to any other Officer (and upon no other Account) shall be discharged. he, she or they, taking the Oath by this Act required to be taken by Prisoners.

Debtors to the

XXXI. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to discharge any Person out of Prison, seeking ^nd'l'rifonc^' 01ler Discharge under this Act, with respect to any Debt with which he or she shall stand charged at who owe above the Suit of the Crown, or shall be indebted to anybody Politic or Corporate, or to any one Person, in ^ool. tooneper any Sum exceeding the Sum of five hundred Pounds, besides Interest and Costs, unless such Body Politic foe, unless Crc or Corporate or Creditor, shall consent thereto; and if any such Body Politic or Corporate or Creditor, aitor content. to whom a Sum exceeding five hundred Pounds shall be owing, shall oppose the Discharge of such Prisoner, r and shall insist that such Prisoner be continued in Gaol; that then, and in such Case, such bojy Politic the Dftchwoe "to or Corporate or Creditor or Creditors, opposing the said prisoner's Discharge as aforesaid, shall, at his, her C 1 11 "t', sior their proper Cost; Charges, allow and pay such a weekly Maintenance to the said Prisoner, not ex ik? eeeding three Shillings and sixpence per Week, in such manner as the said Justices in their General or v c'^" "' " T th

the Discharge, to allow Prisoner;

6d. perweekl ceeaing t/nve oniiimgs and LIX rence per Week, in Inch manner as ths laid Justices in

On Nonpayment,

Quarter sessions shall order; and upon nonpayment of the same for the Space o. six Weeks, the Lid Prisoner to be Prisoner, upon Application to the said Justices in their General or Quarter sessions held as aforesaid, shall liiciiaiged. be discharged, pursuant to the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

Wo Discharges to

XXXII. Provided also, That every Person and Persons, entitled or to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, shall obtain their respective Discharges on or before the thirty first Day of March one thousand seven" " and fifty seven, or to be for ever excluded from all Benefit thereof.

XXXIII. And whereas several Persons who were confined in Prison on the Lid first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, may have been removed to some other Prifo), by process of Law; 'Be it enacted, That the Gaoler of the Prison wherein any such Prisoner was confined on the

he obtained after 31 March 1757.

y/here Prisoner has been removed, Gaoler in whose Custody he

said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, shall make Affidavit of such Confine ment and shall tranirmt such Affidavit, to be attested on Oath, to the Sessions where such pril oner may

A.D.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II.

C

t3

597

1755.

claim to be discharged; it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, at such Sessions as ivason > tm. to aforesaid, upon such Oath as aforesaid, and upon such prisoner's performing all other Matters required in mafccaffttovitof this Act, to discharge such Prisoner

XXXIV. And whereas the Prisons of the Fleet and King's Bench, being the Prisons of and belonging to the Superior Courts, and for the moil part containing such Prisoners as brought themselves thither by

Habeas Corpus from other Prisons, or have surrendered themselves into Custody in discharge of their Bail, which could not be done without their own Consent or procurement be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person so coming to either of those Prisons, whether by Habeas Corpus Prisoners in the or voluntary Surrender in Discharge of Bail, and being qualified to take the Benefit of this Act in all re labels

pests, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, shall be discharged, or entitled to any other Be c'"'us ynota ta nefits arising thereby, on taking the Oath that is herein prescribed for each Prisoner to take, omitting only f.vcar thatii was the Words [without my Consent or Procurement] and with respect to their being a Prisoner or Prisoners, in without their either of said Prisons abovementioned only; anything herein contained to the contrary not with Procurement. Handing.

XXXV. And whereas it may happen, that several Persons, who may claim and be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, are seized of an Estate Tail in some Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements or He

*; which Entail, with the Remainders thereupon expectant, they have by Law Power to de seat and bar, either by levying a Fine or Fines, suffering a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries,

or by Surrender or Surrenders thereof; and thereby such Persons said Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Te ' nements or Hereditaments, shall be liable, to the Payment of their Debts, and be delivered up according 6 to the Terms of this Act, for the Benefit of their Creditors Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case, such Person or Persons so seized as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled Prisoners fcifed of to, and claim the Benefit of this Act, shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever in Law, he deemed and

taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seized of such Lands, enements and Hereditaments, in Fee, ^credi simple; and the same shall be delivered up to the Creditor or Creditors, in the same manner as if such tors.

Person or Persons had actually levied a Fine, fullered a Common Recovery or Recoveries, or made a Surrender or Surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seized in fee simple; any Law or Construction of Law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And whereas many Prisoners who maybe entitled to, and claim the Benefit of this Act, have been great Dealers, or otherwise engaged in large Transactions, whereby they may he entitled to sundry

great Debts and Demands of various and intricate Natures; and they may be entitled to Equities of

Redemption of Estates subject and liable to Mortgages, Judgments or other Encumbrances, or to Rever

Remainders or other contingent Estates in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to other

Trusts or Interests in Estates, both Real and Personal, which may not be sufficient'v described or difeo

vered in the Schedule or Inventory before directed to be delivered in upon Oath by the Prisoner to be discharged as aforesaid, or which may want his Aid or Assistance to adjust, m ke out, recover or manage,

for the Benefit of the Creditors Be it therefore provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Assignees of the Estate and effects of such Prisoner or Assignees nf pri prisoners, who shall obtain his, her or their Discharge in pursuance of this Act, or any other Person or f°neis discharged. duly authorised by them for that Purpose, from Time to Time, to apply to any two or more the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Liberty, where such Prisoner of hiseiitas cor Prisoners shall be then residing, thereby desiring, that such Prisoner or Prisoners may be further examined as to any Matters or Things relating to his, her or their Estate or Eftefts; whereupon such Jufidces shall justices tefum send for or call before them, such Prisoner or Prisoners, by such Warrant, Summons, Ways or Means, as nn and examina they shall think fit; and, upon such Prisoners appearing, shall examine him, her or them, as well upon pr'°ner: iierccn>. Oath as otherwise, as to such Matters and Things as such Assignee shall desire, relating to the Estate or effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners; if any Prisoner or Prisoners (on Payment, or Tender of Payment, of such reafor.able Charges as such Justices shall judge sufficientj shall neglect or refuse to come pri(°ner refafins. and appear, not having a lawful Excuse, to be made known to such Justices, and by them allowed; °rve^whewn being come before them, shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer to all such Questions as by such Justices mined. ec°m' shall be put to him, her or them, relating to the Discovery of hi, her or their Estate or effects, so veiled or intended to be vested in such Clerk of the Peace, or in such Assignees as aforesaid; that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to apprehend such Prisoner or Prisoners. so offending as aforesaid, and him, her or them, to commit to the County Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until such Time as he, she or they shall submit him, her or themselves, to such Justices, and answer, upon Oath, to all such Questions as shall, by such Justices, be put to him, her or them, for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Person and Discoverer of Persons, who shall, within twelve Months after the Discharge of such Prisoner or Prisoners, voluntarily Debtor's Estate. in, and make a Discovery of any Part of such Debtor or Debtors Real or Personal Estate as & all not i^jn^hes the*" be comprised in such Schedule 'as aforesaid, before any such Justices aforesaid, hall be allowed after thejj<ej'to have"' Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum, out of the net Produce of such Debtor or Debtors Estate, which shall zoi. p. rccn:, be recovered on such Discovery; which shall be paid such Person or Persons so discovering the same,

by the Creditor or Creditors who shall receive, or be entitled to any Benefit and Advantage by such Discovery.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Discharge of any prisonerdischarge cfe or Prisoners, by virtue of this Act, if it shall hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently, thet3lntd same shall be void and of none effect,

jently, void.

C 13.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1755.

Creditor may compel a Prifo

XXXIX. And whereas several Persons who are Prisoners for Debt choose rather to continue in Prison, ' and ipend their Substance there, than discover and deliver up to their Creditors their Estates or Effects, C in order to the Satisfaction of their just Debts Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to or for any one or more of the Creditors of any Prisoner committed since the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, at whose Suit he or she was detained in Prison

nt'r'° <irf, verin up0!1 the said first Day of 'january one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, upon twenty Days Notice in xifeu.uc01 16 "Whiting to be given to such Prisoner, and the Person in whose Custody he or she is, to require the Sheriff' or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of the Prison wherein such Prisoner is detained, to bring such Prisoner before the Justices, at their next General or Quarter sessions of the Peace, or any Adjou nment thereof, for the respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Liberty, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes of his or her Detainer; and such Prisoner coming before such Justices, at their said General or Quarter sessions held as aforesaid, shall at the Desire of any one or more of his or her Creditors, at whose Suit he or file appears to be detained, be obliged to deliver in upon Oath, rnd subscribe the like Schedule of his or herestate or Effects, to be veiled, assigned and equally divided, for the Benefit of his or her Creditors, in like manner as Persons desiring to take the Benefit of this Act are required to do, subject to the same Penalty of being adjudged a Felon, and Offering as such, without Benefit of Clergy, on Conviction of wilful Perjury therein, as the said other Prisoners are hereby subjected to; and Prisoner making shah upon such Discovery, to the Satisfaction of the said Justices, in their said General or Quarter sessions eu diar^ as aforesaid, or t^le major Part of them, he discharged and let at Liberty, in the same Manner, and

1'with the same Benefit of making use of their Discharge, as is hereby provided for Prisoners seeking their on Refusal to Discharge under this Act; and if any such Prisoners, so brought up as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to ro^ffe^'a^a15' deliver in anil subscribe such Schedule within forty Days, he, she or they so neglecting or refusing, shall, fejon.er 353 upon Conviction thereof, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit or Clergy.

Notice thereof to

XL. Provided always, That the Creditors who intend to compel such Prisoners to deliver in any such

he given, that other Creditors may come in.

Schedule of their Estate and Effects, do give public Notice thereof in the London Gazette, twenty Dap at ieaft before the said General or Quarter sessions held as aforesaid, to the end the other Creditors of such Prisoners may be apprized thereof, and come in for their Distributive Share, which they are hereby im powered to do, in like manner as is provided for the Creditors of Persons seeking their Discharge under this Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Oath to be taken by the Prisoner, delivering in any Schedule, at the Desire of any one or more of his or her Creditors, according to the provision hereby made for that Purpose, shall be in the Words following; that is to say,

Oath to be made by Prisoner come peiled to give in such Schedule.

I A.B. upon my Corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protest, and declare, That the Schedule now delivered, and by me subscribed, doth contain, to the best of my Knowledge, Remembrance, and Belief, a full, just, true and perfect Account and Discovery of all the Goods, effects and Estate, Real and Personal, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or in Trust for me, or for my Benefit or Advantage, unto me in any wise belonging or appertaining; and such Debts as are to me owing, or to any Person or Persons intrust for me; and of all the Securities and Contraifts, whereby any Money now is, or wall or may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage accrue to me, or to my Ule, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me, and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing, and of the Witnessfes that can prove such Debts or Contracts; and neither I, nor any Person or Persons in Trust for me, have Lands, Money, Stock or any Estate, Real or Personal, in Possession, Reversion or Remainder, other than what are in the said Schedule contained, except Wearing Apparel, Bedding for myself and Family, Working Tools, and necessary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, and these in the Whole not exceeding the Value of ten Pounds; and that I have not, nor anybody for me, directly or indirectly sold, lessened, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of intrust, or concealed, all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stock, Debts, Securities, Contracts or Estates, Real or Personal, whereby to fecnre the same, to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage thereof, to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors to whom I am indebted, in any wise howsoever.

So help me GOD

Such Prisoners liable also to be examined, C

Assignees may compound with Persons indebted to Prisoner,

Differences relating thereto may b determined by arbitrators

And such Prisoner shall be obliged to undergo the like Examination, on the Application of the Assignee or Assignees of his or herestate or effects, as Prisoners seeking their Discharge are by this present adl required to undergo, and subject to the like Commitment for refusing to appear, or answer upon Oath, as before is provided for the said other Prisoners.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Assignee or Assignees, to whom by virtue of this or any former Act of Parliament made for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, the Estate or eft edts of any Prisoner or Prisoners hath been or shall be assigned, is and are hereby empowered, by and with the Consent of the major Part in Value of such Prisoner or Prisoners Creditors, who shall be present at a Meeting to be had for that Purpose of which twenty-one Days public Notice shall be previously given in two London Gazettes, to make Composition with any Person or Persons, Debtors or Accountants to such Prisoner or Prisoners, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable, and to take such reasonable Part as can upon such Composition begotten, in full Discharge of such Debts and Accounts; and also to submit any Difference or dil pute between such Assignee or Assignees, and any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or on account, or by reason or means of any Matter, caul'c or Thing, relating to such Prisoner or Prisoners

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II.

C 13. 599

editor peti assignees

Estate or Effects, or to any Debt or Debts due or claimed to be due to or from such Prisoner or Prisoners, to the final End and Determination of Arbitrators, to be chosen by the said Assignee or Assignees and the major Part in Value of such Creditors, and the Party or Parties with whom they shall have such Difference, and to perform the Award of such Arbitrators, or otherwise to settle and agree the imatters in Difference and Dispute between them, in such manner as the said Assignee or Assignees, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall think fit, end can agree; and the same shall be binding to all the Creditors of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and the said Assignees are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do, according to the Direction aforesaid.

XLIII. And, to the Intent and Purpose that the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners as shall be discharged by virtue of this Act, may be truly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her or their real Creditors; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Credi respective Courts at Westminster, from whence any Process issued, upon which such Prisoner or Prisoners Zoning, Assignee was or were committed, whole Effects are so assigned, or where the Process issued out of any other Court, ^r>inflffidenc<1 to and for the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer, or any one of them, from 0° Miftehsviour time to Time, upon the Petition of any Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner or Prisoners, complaining of any Insufficiency, Fraud, Mismanagement or other Misbehaviour, of all or any of the Assignees to whom the Estate or Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners shall be assigned by such Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, upon hearing the Parties concerned therein, to make and give such Orders and Directions therein, either for the Removal or Displacing such Assignee or Assignees, and the appointing any new Assignee or and new one: Assignees, in the Place or Stead of such Assignee or Assignees so to be removed or displacea, or for the pru appointed, dent, just: or equitable Management or Distribucion of the said Estate and Effects for the Benefit of the respective Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the Removal or Displacing of any Assignee or Assignees, and the appointing of any such new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate or Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners shall from thenceforth be divested out of the Assignee or Assignees so removed or displaced, and be veiled in and delivered over to such new Assignee or Assignees, in the same Manner, and for the same Intents and Purposes, as the same were before veiled in theassignee or Assignees as aforesaid; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all and every Case or Where mutual Cases, where mutual Credit hath been given between any Prisoner or Prisoners to be discharged in pur Credit ils bec "fuance of this Act, and any other Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, before the Delivery of "'; such Schedule or In entory of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners upon Oath as aforesaid, 10'uld' then and in every such Case the respective Assignees of such Prisoner or Prisoners shall and have hereby Power, on their Part, to state and allow an Account between them, and nothing more shall be deemed to be veiled in such Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignees, as the Estate or Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners, than what shall appear to be due to him, her or them respectively, for the Balance of such Account when truly stated.

XLV "Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained i a a nor tained shall extend, or be construed to extend to Benjamin Thomas and Richard Beddces, two of the People extend 10 bn.j. called Quakers, now Prisoners in the Common Gaol of the County of Salop, at the Suit of Joyce Smith, nyn Thomcr '1j "Executrix of the last Will and Testament of Thomas Smith Clerk, deceased, fortythes, or either of them, kiel) lrj5eui' so as to oblige the said Benjamin Thomas and Richard Bcddoes to deliver in and subscribe a Schedule of their respective Estates and Effects; it shall and maybe lawful for the justices of the Peace of the said Justices m: 3'1 County, upon Application made by the said Joyce Smith, or by any Person or Persons for or on Behalf of the said Benjamin Thomas or Richard Beddoes, to cause the said Prisoners respectively to be brought before them L 1 11 '

at their next General Quarter sessions of the Peace, together with a Copy or Copies of their Detainer, and to examine into the Value of the Estate and Effects of the said Prisoners, by the Oath of one or more Wit a, nj fxami, 5e.j, 'to ness orwitnesses, and to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any two e^e'and* Ef*or more of them, thereby directing and requiring the respective Sums due from them the said Prisoners [eas, respectively, to the said Joyce Smith, and for which they are respectively charged and detained in the said and levytficdcbc Prison, to be levied upon their respective Goods and Chattels; and if the Goods and Chattels of the said by Warrant of Prisoners respectively shall not be found sufficient, then the Real Estates of the said Prisoners respectively Diflicfi., and A

discharged from their Imprisonment, as to the said Debt or Debts. upon to be dif

XLVI. And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been and are now imprisoned for Debt, upon charged.

Processes issuing out of Courts of Conscience: 'It is hereby enacted and declared, That all such Prisoners Prisoners of shall be entitled to have the Benefit of this Act, and be discharged hereby, provided be, file or they con £° ".r'sprc)j'" re form to the Directions herein before prescribed. the bmefit of

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases wherein by this Act an, (, «Act.

Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who took the Persons who Benefit of an Act passed in the twenty first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the rony (be Bern sir Relief of Insolvent Debtors, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed t j^exxwhca, " to be within the Meaning thereof; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1755.

600 C 14. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for further explaining, amending and rendering more effectual an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery; and for giving further Encouragement for the carrying on the Paid Fishery; for other Purposes therein mentioned.

*3 Geo. 2. r. C

WHEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery, after impowering his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to ineorpo rate funary Persons in the Paid Add named, and such other Bodies and Persons as in the said Act are mentioned, to be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The Society of the Free British Fishery, for the Purpose of carrying on and improving the British White Herring Fisheries, ard to empower the said Society, by a voluntary Subscription, to raise the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, to be the capital Stock of the said Society; it is, amongst other Things enacted, That for an Encouragement to such Persons as should become Subscribers to the Stock for carrying on the said Fisheries, that the Sum of three Pounds by the Year for each hundred Pounds which should be actually employed in the said Fishery proportionably for any greater or letter Sum, should be paid to the Proprietors of the said Stock, for and during the Space of fourteen Years from the Date of their Charter, out of the customs, by the Receiver-general or his Majesty's Customs, by equal half yearly Payments, provided that the said Society should employ the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, at least, in the said Fisheries, within the Space of eighteen Months after the Date of such Subscription; and it is, by the said Act, enacted, That no Transfer should be made of any of the Stock or Share of or in the said five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Space of five Years from the Date of the said Charter, but that the same should be absolutely void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; provided that it should be lawful for the Executors, and Admi ni lira tors, or Devisees, of any Person or Persons who should happen to die possessed of, or interested in, any such Stock or Share of or in the said five hundred thousand Pounds, and also for the Assignees under any Commission of Bankrupts, to transfer such Stock or Shares, and dispose of the Produce thereof in such manner as they might by Law dispose of any other eftchs of such Testator, Intestate, or Bankrupt; and a? a further Encouragement to all Persons to engage in the said White Herring Fisheries, abounty of thirty Shillings per Tonne is by the said Act given and made payable as therein mentioned, to the Owner or Owners of all decked Vessels, from twenty to eighty Tonnes Burden, which should be built after the Commencement of the said Act, for the Use of the said Fisheries, whether by the said Society, or any other Person or Persons, in Manner, and under the Regulations, and upon such Conditions, as in the said are after mentioned, such Bounty to be paid yearly, during the Space of fourteen Years from the Commencement of the said Act, and no longer, upon conforming to the Regulations of the said Act: And whereas, amongst other Qualifications by the said Act made necessary for obtaining a Licence aid for Bufles or Velfeis to proceed on the said Fishery, Oath is to be made by such Persons as in the said Act mentioned, that such buftes or Vessels flail proceed either to Braffcy Sound in Shetland, and be at the Rendezvous of the said Fishery there, on or before the eleventh Day of June, and shall not shoot or wet their Nets before the thirteenth Day of the said Month of June, and shall continue following and fishing amongst the Shoals of Herrings as they move Southward, to the first Day of October; or flail proceed to campbelltown in Argyleshire, and be it the Rendezvous of the said Fisheries on or before tile first Day of September, and flail continue fishing among the Shoals of Herrings as they move, to the £- thirty first Day of December, unless they flail have soon.r completed their Loading of Fish; that Lon the Return of ftteh Vessel into any Port of Great Britain for her Discharge, Oath flail he made by the Matter of such Vessel, that such Vessel was at one of the Places before mentioned, at the time appointed by the said Act, and had not since been on any other Voyage, or pursued any other Design or View of Profit, and that they did remain fishing according to the direhion of the said Act: And whereas by

ac Geo. 3. C another AH made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain,

amend and render more effectual an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti tided, An Act for the Encouragement of the Brilifn White Herring Fishery; for regulating the seed Fishery according to the Calendar novo in Use; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, it is enacted, That the Oath and Oaths by the said first mentioned AH required to be taken with respeh to the Days thereby appointed for the Rendezvous of the said society's Buses or Vessels, and for the Commencement and Duration of the said Fisheries, should be varied and made conformable to the Calendar then and now in Use in these Kingdoms; that is to say, That the Oath to be made in order to the procuring a Licence to proceed on the said Fishery, should import that it is the firm Purpose and determined Resolution of the Persons making such Oath, that the Buss or Vessel applying for Licence and Authority to proceed on the said Fishery, should proceed either to Brajfey Sound in Shetland, and be it the Rendezvous of the said there on or before the twenty second Day of June, and should continue fishing as in the said Act mentioned, to the twelfth Day of October, or should proceed to Campbell Town in Argyleshire, and be it the Rendezvous of the said Fisheries on or before the twelfth Day of September, and should continue fishing to the eleventh Day of January, unless they should have sooner completed their Loading of Fish; that the Oath by the said first mentioned AH required to be made by the respective Matters of the said or Vctt els, at their Return into Port, for their Discharge, migfit and should from the Commence

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 14. 601

merit of the said last mentioned Act, be varied and made conformable to the Alterations thereby made in respect of such several Days of Rendezvous: And whereas pursuant to the Powers by the said first mentioned Act given to his said Majesty, a Society by the Name of The Society of the Free British Fishsry,

hath been incorporated by Charter, bearing Date the eleventh Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and a very considerable Sum of Money hath been subscribed and paid in towards carrying on the Purposes of the said Act and Charter, in which the said Society did actually expend and employ, within eighteen Months from the Date of their Subscription, the Sum of one hundred and for thousand five hundred and nine Pounds, and the said Society have accordingly, in pursuance of the said two several Acts herein before recited, received of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, Interest for the said Sum of one hundred and four thousand five hundred and nine Pounds, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for two Years, computed from the said eleventh Day of October one thousand seven

and fifty, Old Style, being the Date of the saisi society's Charter, to the twenty second Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, New Style: And whereas since the said twenty second Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, the said Society have expended and employed in the said Fishery a further Sum of Money, over and beside the said Sum of one hundred and four thousand five hundred and nine Pounds: And whereas it is conceived that it would be for the Benefit and Ad £' vantage of the said Society to be empowered to let out to Hire to any Person or Persons any of the Busies now belonging, or hereafter to belong to the said Society, to be employed only in the said Fisheries, and also for the said Society, and such Person or Persons to whom such Busies may be so let out to Hire, to be at Liberty to follow the said White Herring Fishery in any Part of the British Seas: And whereas same Doubts have arisen touching the Validity of the Payment of the Interest of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, so made to the said Society on the said Sum of one hundred and four thousand five hundred and nine Pounds, to the said twenty second Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two; and also touching the Times from whence the Computation of the Interest accrued due, or hereafter to grow

due, to the said Society, from the said twenty second Day of October one thousand seven hundred and

fifty-two, ought to be madetherefore, for putting an Fnd to all such Doubts, and for giving further Encouragement to the carrying on the said Fisheries; Be it enacted and declared, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of The Payment the same, That the Payment of the Interest of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, made by the Com made to the so nfissioners of his Majesty's Customs, to the said Society on the said Sum of one hundred and four thousand cn the five hundred and nine Pounds, and computed from the eleventh Day of October one thousand seven hun sum of 104, 509l. dred and fifty, to the twenty second Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, shall be approved and deemed a good and valid Payment, within the true Intent and Meaning of the said AD herein first recited; continued, and that the said Society shall not be liable to any Deduction from or re imbursement of the Sum so paid Future Interest to them for Interest as aforesaid, or any Part thereof; and that all future Interest on the said Sum of one to be computed hundred and four thousand five hundred and nine Pounds, shall be computed and paid from the said twenty 00lo-

second Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two. er 1752'

II. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all future Computations Future Interest nf of Interest, payable to the said Society by virtue of or under the said Act herein first recited, in respect of additional Sums any additional Sums already paid in, or hereafter to be paid in, over and above the said Sum of one hun r be 'pc dred and four thousand five hundred and nine Pounds, shall be made from the respective Day or Days on ments into the5" which each Sum respectively was or shall hereafter be paid into the Bank of England, in order to be ex Bank, pended or employed in the said Fisheries.

III. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said herein first recited plaufc prohibit ad, as directs that no Transfer of any of the Stock or Share of or in the Sum of five hundred thousand j^ntfti ued for Pounds, which the said Society are by the said Act empowered to raise as a Capital Stock, shall be made for years. °'the Space of five Years, from the Date of their Charter, except in such Cases as in the said Act are men exception, tioned and excepted, shall be continued and be in force for the further Term of seven Years, to be computed immediately from and after the Expiration of the said Term of five Years.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Allowances of three Allowances of

Pounds per Centum per Annum, and the Bounty of thirty Shillings per Tonne, granted by the said Acts, 'os

for the respective Terms therein and herein before mentioned, shall be continued for the further Term p^t^conti of three Years, to be computed immediately from and after the Expirations of the said respective Terms, nuedfor'3 Years, for which the same were granted as aforesaid, and shall be paid and payable for such further Term of

three Years to the said Society, and to such other Person or Persons as are or may be entitled to the said Allowances respectively, by virtue of or under the said acts, in such Manner, and by such Person and Persons, and out of such Moneys, as the same are now payable by virtue of or under the said Acts, or either of them.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Society may hire Society, from Time to Time, to let out to Hire, to any Person or Persons, any of the Busies belonging out theirbafllisi or which may hereafter belong to the said Society, to be used and employed in the said Fisheries only,

under and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions as the said Society would' be liable and subject unto, t in case such Busies so let out, were immediately under the Direction anti Employment Of the said Society; R' "u at oos' and also that it Avail and may be lawful for the said Society, and for such Person or Persons to whom any Fiftery may be of their Busies may be so let out to Hire as aforesaid, to follow the said White Herring Fishery in any Part followed in any of the British Seas. sirtclthcb"'

602 C 14. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1755.

Forfeiture fcr

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Society shall not be deemed buives notarri liable to forfeit or incur a Forfeiture of the said Bounty of thirty Shillings per Tonne, so given and intended Rendezvous Act herein first recited, to Vessels employed in the said Fisheries, in respect of such Bufles as

by a certainday, Owll not arrive at one of the Places in and by the said Acts or either of them appointed, for the Rendezvous taken off; of the Bufles or Vessels to be employed in the said Fisheries, by or on the respective Days in and by the provided they said herein recited Act of the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty appointed for the ren tooktheirdepar dezvous of such Buflels or vessels, provided that such Bufles or Vessels did really and bona fide take their tuiespaysb£fc.redeparture for such respective Places of Rendezvous, or one of them, at lead five Days before the ted in The Act" respective Days in and by the said last mentioned Act named and appointed for the Vessels employed and that "they be in the Rid Fisheries to be at such respective Places of Rendezvous, and that such Bufles or Vessels fitted out as the be fitted out in all Respects conformable to the Directions and Regulations in the said two several recited acts direct, Acts.

The Oath to be

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where it shall happen that taken by Mailers tjle guffes or Vessels to be employed in the said Fisheries shall, by virtue of the Liberty and Power in and port^to be con °^t^s prel ent Act given and allowed for that Purpose, quit and leave the respective Stations at Sea, from form able to the whence the said Fishery is in and by the said first herein recited Act appointed to be carried on, in order particularcir for the Fishing at other Stations; and also in all Cases where the respective Bufles employed in the said cumfiances of the Fisheries, and taking their Departure for such respective Places of Rendezvous at the respective Times 7eft1to'th" tc" ^7erein before mentioned, shall not arrive at the said respective Stations at Brajfey Sound or Campbell Town,

Time of arriving f at Kirkwall, or one of them, on or before the respective Days in and by the said Act of the twenty sixth

at or quitting Year of the Reign of his said Majesty directed and appointed; the Oath by the said herein first recited Act their Stations, required to be made by the respective Matters of such Bufles or Vessels at their Return into Port for their Discharge, with respect to so much of such Oath as relates to their having arrived at such respective Places of Rendezvous, or one of them, on such Days as is for that Purpose mentioned and appointed in and by the said Acts, or either of them, and to their having remained fishing according to the Directions of the said several Acts, may and shall from henceforth he varied and made conformable to the particular circumstances attending such respective Bufles or Vessels so quitting the respective Stations at Sea, from whence the said Fisheries are, in and by the said herein first recited Act, directed to be carried on, or either of them, or to their not arriving at either of the said respective Stations of Brajfey Sound or Campbell Town,

or Kirkwall, on or before the respective Days in and by the said Act of the twenty sixth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty appointed for the Rendezvous of such Bufles or Vessels; and that such Oath shall be made and taken by the Matter or other Chief Officer of such Buss or Vessel so returning into Port for a. Discharge.

In a Court of '

VIII. And whereas by his Majesty's said Charter of the eleventh Day of October one thousand seven Governor', Prefi hundred and fifty, the Court of the Council of the said Society is to consist at least of seven Members of /ent and vice the said Council, whereof the Governor, President or Vice-president, is always to be one: And whereas President is ab it may frequently happen, that the Btifiness of the said Society may be obstructed or delayed by the non sent, an occasio«attendance in Council of the Governor, President or Vice-president of the said Society; 'Be it therefore be ckofen^nt to enai^e^ by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Absence of the Governor, President and Vice-president, Ln' from any Meeting of the Court of the Council of the said Society, it shall and may be lawful for the Members of the said Council then present, being at the least seven in Number, to elect and choose one of their Members then present to preside for that Time in such Court of Council; and that all Acts done by such Court of the Council of the said Society, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be as good and valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same would have been in case the Governor, President or Vice-president of the said Society, or one of them, had been present at such Court of Council.

IX. And whereas diverse wicked and malicious Persons have wilfully damnified, spoiled and destroyed,

5 sundry Nets, Sails, Cordage, Stores and other Materials, of and belonging to the said Society, to the great Prejudice and Loss of the Society Therefore for preventing such Violences and Outrages for the future, penally cf treble and for bringing all Offenders In the Premises to more speedy and exemplary Justice, Be it further enacted value to destroy by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall hereafter wilfully damnify, spoil or destroy, theness^orstorcs without the Consent of the said Society, any of the Nets, Sails, Cordage, Stores or other Materials, of or ot; the Society, belonging to the said Society, every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted upon the Oath or Oaths of two or more credible Witness or witnesses, before any one or more Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, upon any Information exhibited, or Prosecution, within six Calendar Months after the Offence committed (which Oaths the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall forfeit and pay to, the said Society treble the Value of such Nets, Sails, Cordage, Stores or other Materials, so damnified, spoiled or destroyed, to be levied to be levied by by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Diitrcfsand Sale. Seals, of any one or more Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions; and for want of fiiffi for want of Dif cient Distress, such Justices shall commit the Party or Parties offending to the House of Correction, there tress ike Offender to remain, and be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding three Months or until Satisfaction to be committed. made to the find Society for the said Offence.

Ooromissioners of X And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for preventing any Difficulties about the Customs to aftertaining, getting in, and receiving all such Sums of Money as shall for the future become due and Receiver ovute paya^e W Law, as a Duty of sixpence per Month from all Seamen who are or shall be employed in the dutiesfuigreen Service of the British White Herring Fishery, for the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, the which Hospital, Commissioners for the Time being of his Majesty's Customs shall, and they are hereby required, from.

Time

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 15. 603

Time to Time, after the Commencement of this Act, to transmit, or cause to be transmitted, with all con Copies of the venient Speed, to the Office of the Receiver for the Time being of the said Duty in London, a true and Certificates from exact Copy of every Certificate which hall, from Time to Time, after the said Commencement, be trans the?'!t p°'ufor mitted to them the said Commissioners by all or any of the respective Collectors and Comptrollers of the ^.intc^eoun several out ports in Great Britain, in order to the said Commissioners causing Payment to be made of the ° '

Bounty of thirty Shillings per Tonne, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An act for the Encouragement of the Britishi ichile .3 Geo. 2. C j. Herring Fishery, and that from and after the said Commencement, it hall not be lawful for the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs to cause Payment to be made of any Moneys for or on account of the No Payment to said Bounty of thirty Shillings per Tonne, to any Person or Persons whatsoever who shall be entitled to demand be of the such Bounty under or by virtue of the said last mentioned Act of Parliament, unless and until he or they Ko "my 1: 111 ct, f who shall be so respectively entitled to make such Demand, shall have first produced to the said Commissioners of Seamcm Duty one or more proper Certificate or Certificates from the Receiver for the i ime being of the said Duty of six paid to Green j Pence per Month, that all Moneys due on account of the same Duty for every Seaman employed on board wichhospital. the Vessel in respect of which the said Bounty shall be demanded, hath been fully paid according to the

Directions of the several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made. - ctnarn^fi/kay

Jte Jattber 29

Geo. 2. c. 23 & 39, 30 Geo. 2. c. 21 30. 33 Geo. 2. c. 27. 2 Geo. 3. c. 15.

CAP. XV.

An Act For granting to his Majesty the Sum of one Million, to be raised by a Lottery.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, being desirous to enable your Majesty to augment your Forces by Sea and Land, and to take such Measures for the Security of your majesty's Dominions, as may be necessary in the present Conjuncture, have freely and unanimously resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty for these Purposes the One Million Sum of one Million, to be raised in such Manner and Form as is herein after directed, and do therefore granted to his most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Annuities which by this Act Annuities grant shall be granted and made payable in respect of the principal Sum of nine hundred thousand Pounds, Part ed in «spea of of the principal Sum of one Million, to be raised in such Manner and Form as herein after is directed, 900>°0ol> until Redemption thereof by Parliament, in manner herein after mentioned, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the Moneys which hall from Time to Time arise and be remaining in the to be charged on Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of or for the Surpluses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, and other the slnkins Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; and the said Surplusses, Excesses, Over Fund' plus Moneys, and other Revenues, are hereby appropriated for that Purpose accordingly.

II. And whereas it is intended that the said Sum of one Million shall be raised by way of a Lottery, in Annuities to car manner herein after mentioned, Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Annuities ry 31. percent, which shall become due and payable to the Contributors to the Lottery herein after mentioned, their Exe interest, cutors, Administrators and Assigns, at the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, in respect of the said principal Sum of nine hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said principal Sum of one Million, in manner herein after in this Act expressed, shall commence and be computed from the fifth Day of January to commence which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, and hall from Time to frorg5a^n'a Time be paid half yearly, on the fifth Day of July, and the fifth Day of January, by even and equal For aye half yearly, tions; the first Payment thereof to be due and payable for the half year ended on the fifth Day oijv.ly one thousand seven hundred and fifty six.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for or towards raffing the said Sum ofnat ves or soon Million, it shall and may be lawful for the several Persons, Natives and Foreigners, and Bodies poli ^?^edrs"^0la "b tick or Corporate, who before five of the Clock in the Afternoon, of the fifteenth Day of April one thou toc(haec" land seven hundred and fifty-five, in pursuance of the Resolutions of the Commons of Great Britain, in Resolutions of Parliament assembled, hall have, in Books opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribed and the commoos, to agreed to contribute to the Payment of the said Sum of one Million, and who hall have before that Time pay_their comri deposited with, or paid to the first of chief Cashier or Caftiiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank timetherein2 of England for the Time being, one fifth Part of every Sum of ten Pounds to be paid for each Ticket in directed.

the said Lottery, to advance and pay unto the said Caftiier or cashiers (who is and are hereby appointed the Receiver and Receivers of such Contributions, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf J the Remainder of the principal Sums so subscribed, at or before the respective Days or Times, and in the Proportions in this Act limited in that Behalf; that is to say, one other fifth Part thereof, on or before the fifteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; one other fifth Part thereof, on or before the thirtieth Day o June then next ensuing; one other fifth Part thereof, on or before the thirtieth Day of (jftr/j'then next ensuing; and the remaining fifth Part thereof, on or before the tenth Day of September then next following; and that every such Contributor or Adventurer, for every Sum of ten Pounds which he or fire hall have (o advanced, hall be entitled to such Lot or Share,

: m.d. shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as is or are hereby directed and appointed.

4h2

IV

604 C 15.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1755.

Cashier of the Bank to give Receipts for Money paid in 5

the same to be altignable.

cahier to give Security,

and to pay over the Moneys to the Exchequer,

Cartlier to determine the number of Tickets belonging to each Subscriber.

In what Proportions the Reductions are to be made,

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being is and are hereby authorised and required forthwith to give Receipts in Writing, signed by himself or themselves, to such Contributor or Contributors, for all Sums of Money deposited with, or paid unto such Cashier and Cashiers, before the passing of this Act; and also for such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall after the passing of this Act be advanced or paid to him or them by any such Contributor or Contributors; which Receipts shall be assignable byen dorfement thereupon made.

V. Provided always, That such Cashier or Cashiers shall give Security to the good Liking of any three or more of the Commissioners of the treasury now being, or the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for the Public Use, all the Moneys which he or they have already received by way of Deposit, or otherwise, or shall hereafter receive, from Time to Time, of or for the said Sum of one Million so advanced and contributed, and for accounting duly for the same, and for Performance of the Trulls hereby in him or them reposed; shall, from Time to Time, so pay all such Moneys as fall as he or they shall receive the same, or any Part thereof, or within five Days afterwards at the farthest, and shall account for all Moneys so advanced or paid to him or them in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof.

VI. And whereas it hath been proposed, that every Contributor to the said Lottery should be at Liberty 1 to subscribe for any Number of Tickets in the said Lottery, and that in case a larger Sum than one Mil ' lion should be subscribed within the Term herein before limited for such Subscription, a proportionable 1 Reduction upon such Excels should, as near as possible, be made out of each subscriber's Share: And whereas, in pursuance of such Proposal, a much larger Sum than one Million hath been subscribed: ' Now, to prevent any Disputes which may arise in respect to the Reduction in that Case intended to be made out of each subscriber's share be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Cashier or Cashiers to determine and appoint what Number of Tickets shall belong to the several Subscribers, so as in making such Reduction no Fraction be made of a Ticket, and so as every Person subscribing for four Tickets, or any less Number, be allowed one Ticket only, and so as it be lawful to the said Cashier or Cashiers to allow two Tickets to every Subscriber for five, and three to every Subscriber for ten, in case it be found practicable to allow one Ticket in four to every Subscriber for sixteen, and upwards; and that so much of every such Deposit as shall exceed one fifth Part of the Sum to which the Share of every such Subscriber shall be so limited, shall be allowed and accepted in further Part of the remaining Sum which shall, in consequence of such Reduction, be payable by every such Subscriber "

"and Directors to be appointed by the Treasury. Books to be prepared with 3 Columns, in "each of which 50, 000 Tickets to be printed. Chances of the Tickets in the Books of two Columns, to "be determined by drawing of the Tickets in the Books of three Columns. Cashier to give a Ticket for "every Sum of 10l. paid in Tickets undisposed of to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets of the "middle Columns to be rolled up. Other Books to be prepared with two Columns, in each of which "50, 000 Tickets to be printed; 2, 150 thereof to be fortunate, viz. 1 of 10, 0001. 2 of 5, 000l. 3 of 2, oco /. "15 of 1,000l. 20 of 500l. q9 of 100l. 2010 of 50l. to the First drawn 500l. to thelafl 1000l. amount "to 162, 900l. and 47, 850 Blank Tickets at 61. each. Tickets in the outermost Columns to be rolled "up, and cut off into a Box. Boxes with the Tickets to be brought to Guild Hall on October 6, and the "Drawing to be then begun. Tickets to be filed as drawn. Prizes to be entered in a Book. When the "Lottery is drawn, a Lilt of the Prizes to be printed. Disputes to be determined by the Managers. "Counterfeiting of Tickets, Certificates, or the Numbers of them, shall be adjudged Felony. Receivers "may take Money, and give Receipts, before they receive the Books, and give Tickets for those Receipts "afterwards. Adventurer not paying his whole consideration money by the Times limi ed, shall lose the "advanced Money. Guardians may adventure Infants Money in the Lottery. Persons selling Shares in "Tickets of which they are not possessed, to forfeit 500l. After the Drawing of thelottery, the Tickets! to be exchanged for Certificates. Accomptant General to give Credit for the Sums named in thecerti "ficates; which may be transferred, and carry 3 per Gent. Interest."

XXVI. And for the more easy and sure Payment of the several and respective Annuities payable after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the said principal Sum of nine hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said principal Sum of one Million; it is hereby further enacted by the Authority afore the Sinking said, That so much of the Moneys arising, from Time to Time, into the Receipt of the Exchequer, of or ated^to Payment t^c Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues, compoiing the Fund commonly eft he A nnuitics. called The Sinking Fund, by this Act appropriated for this Purpose, as shall be fuhicient, from Time totime, to answer the find several Annuities, and other Payments directed to be paid or discharged out of the same, shall, by Order of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf, from Time to time, at the respective half yearly Daj s of Payment, in this Act before appointed for Payment Moneys for Pay thereof, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the said chief Cashier or Cashiers of the ment thereof to fu'k) Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for the Time being, by way of the exchequer by impressed al'd upon Account, for the Payment of the said several Annuities payable in respect of the said way oi impreit, principal Sum of nine hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said principal Sum of one million, at such Times,

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 15. 605

Times, and.ini such Manner and Form, as are by this Act prescribed in that Behalf; and that such Cashier or Cashiers, to whom the said Moneys shall from Time to Time be issued, hall from Time to Time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Account thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accomptant General for the Time being, shall, Accomptant from Time to Time, inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay; and that all and castier's'k.e every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall be entitled to any of the said several and respective Annui ce pts. ties, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a personal Estate, and the same shall not be descendible to the Heir, and shall a"m'ltlt|t, be not be liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Custom of London, or otherwise; any Law, Statute, or^.cerona atc* Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Part of the said Annuities Not l?bc far"

shall be charged or chargeable with any Rates, Taxes, Duties, or Impositions whatsoever. |ed with taxes,

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to which any Person '

or Persons shall become entitled by virtue of this Act, in respect of any Sum advanced or contributed The Moneys towards the said Sum of one million, cn which the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Cen contributed to turn per Annum, shall be attending, shall be added to the joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank F. ^stoda C o i England, into which the several Sums carrying an Interest after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per' were by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty converted, and shall be deemed Part of the said joint Stock of Annuities, subject nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament, in such Manner, and upon such Notice, as is in the said Act directed in respect of the several and respective Annuities redeemable by virtue of the said Act; and that all and every Person and Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the Money to which he, she, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional Interest and Share in the said joint Stock of Annuities at the Rate aforesaid; that such Interest and Share, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferrable as this Act directs, and not otherwise; to be trans and that there shall constantly be kept at all seasonable Times, in the Office of the said Accomptant general fcrrabie for the Time being, within the City of London, a Book or Books, wherein all Assignments or Transfers of the said interest.and Share, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, at the rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered; Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Alignments or Transfers; or if such Parties be absent, by his, her, or their Attorney or Attorneys thereunto lawfully authorised, by Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and that the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer shall be made, do underwrite his, her, or their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning or transferring the said Share and Interest, or any Part thereof, and the Annuities attending the same, shall be good or available in Law.

XXX. Provided always, That any Person or Persons possessed of such Share and Interest, with the An af'l(jtlcb yjji!

nuity 'or Annuities attending the same, or any Estate therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, y 1

attested by two or more credible witnesses; but that no Payment shall be made on any such Devise, till so much ofjhe said Will as relates to the said Stock or Annuity be entered in the said Office; and in default of such Transfer or Devise, the said Stock and Annuities attending the same, shall go to the Executors or Administrators; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the salt) Transfers, or any of them; any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor The Bank to and Company, and their Successors (notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any their own i'unds in continue a com pursuance of the said Adds for establishing the same, or any of them) shall continue a Corporation, with all p3ny i*11 Re' the Powers, Privileges and Advantages thereunto belonging, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, till all ^rmuities0'6 the said Annuities payable by virtue of this Act shall be redeemed by Parliament, in manner herein before mentioned; and that the said Governor and Company, or any Members thereof, shall not incur any Disability

for or by reason of their doing, any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid., That the Commissioners of the Commissioners of Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the lbe Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised, out of executin^th'is of the said Surplusses, excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Pund, commonly Act out of the called The Sinking Fund, to discharge all f uch incident Charges as shall necessariiy attend the Execution of Duties,

this Act, in such manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and also to settle and appoint such Allowances (out of the Contributions to the Lottery aforesaid) as they shall think just and reasonable, for the and appoint Sa. Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers, for receiving and accounting for the contributions to the said Lottery; and also such further Allowances as they shall think just and reasonable, for ojherofficws. the Service, Pains, and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, Lot receiving, paying, and accounting for the several and respective annuities.payable by virtue of this Act; and also for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the Accomptant General of the find Governor and Company, for performing the Duty and Trust incumbent on him by this Act; all which Allowances, hereby empowered to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the Service, Pains, and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for theui'e and Benefit of the said Governor and

Company, and at their Disposal only; any hing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII

3

606 C 16, 17. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1755.

No See for Pay

XXXIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no See or Gratuity shall be dement ofcontri manded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects, for receiving or paying the said contribution moneys, or bution money. any Df them, or for any Tallies or Receipts concerning the same, or for issuing the Moneys for paying the said several Annuities, or any of them, or for paying the said Annuities, or any of them; and that no Fee Transfers to be or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken for any Transfer, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this made gratis. Act; upon pain that the Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any such Fee or Gratuity con

Penalty. trary to this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered with full

Costs of Suit, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at anytime be sued or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General General Issue. Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgement Ilial be given against him or them upon Demurrer, or otherwise, Treble Costs. then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or plaintiff's.

CAP. XVI.

Refer to 7 ©8 An act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, o shn.c'c.-lu - and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

§ 64. jo slm. C 17. S Geo. i, C 24. 8 Geo. 2. c. 29. 20 Geo. 2. c. 38.

TV O R the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and onboard ' x1 Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels; 'Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Merchant Ships Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in b^for^n'sea t'1*s Present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this ^cn. n a Act, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, and no longer (except in respect to such Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships or Vessels, which shall be on their Voyage before so as the Number he said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, who shall be and are hereby exceed three" 0' am°wed the Liberty and Benefit of returning home, navigated in the Manner as herein after is provided) fourths nf the it shall and may be lawful for any Merchant Ship, or other trading Ship or Vessel, to be navigated by foreign whole Crew, and Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain, or of any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto the other fourth belonging, or his Majesty's natural or naturalised Subjects, so as the Number of such foreign Seamen or healwaysn.atives Mariners do not exceed three fourths of the Mariners at any one Time employed to navigate such Merchant death^and Ca Ship, or other trading Ship or Vessel; and that one fourth at least of the Mariners or Seamen so employed fu si ties of War be at all Times Natives, or his Majesty's naturalised Subjects of Great Britain (sudden Death, and Hazard and Seas except and Casualties of War and the Seas saved and excepted) one Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year ed; of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing

12 Car. 2. C 18. ojsfcpping mui Navigation, or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

Proclamations

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away or restrain the Effect nt a?j?ed by of any such Royal Proclamation as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, are empowered to make by virtue

13 Geo. 2. c. 3. f an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Supply of See farther 31 Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Geo. 2. c. 10. Ships, and Privateers,

CAP. XVII.

An act to amend an Act made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto.

asgeo, 2, C 30a WHEREAS an Act passed in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, ' An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highivays and Turnpike Roads of this King Aom; and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, hath not answered the good Purposes intended thereby; 'Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for three Years, to be computed from the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, and no longer, it shall and maybe lawful for all Carnages with Wagons, Wains, Carts and Carriages, for all Goods and Merchandise, either loaden or unloaden, having Wheels9inches the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of nine Inches from Side to Side, at the least, to pass through all and of every Turnpike Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, without paying of any Toll or Duty payable by virtue of any Toll ibr^ye.irs, Act or Acts of Parliament, for the said Space of three Years, to be computed from the said twenty-fourth Day of June,

w^tnr TV', H. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth

1. " ofstine it shall and may be lawful for all Wagons, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the

Breadth or Gauge of six Inches from Side to Side, at the least, at the Sole or Bottom of the Wheel, to Hailes, 2 pass

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II.

C 17. 607

pass through all and every turnpike gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, with six Horses; all Carts and other and Carts by Carriages, having the Fellies thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of ftx Inches from Side to Side, at the Icaft, Horses; and pay at the Sole or Bottom of the Wheel, with four Horses; without paying any more Toll or Duty than isr, C 11 ls paid for Wagons now drawn by four, and Carts drawn by three Horses, or for the Horses drawing the same.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for three Years, to be computed from Trustees may the said twenty-fourth Day of June, and no longer, the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue raise the Tolls or under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament made or to be made, or any five or more of them, one fourth on all shall and may demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, an additional Toll, if they shall find Carriages with the same necessary upon considering the State of their respective Tolls, not exceeding one fourth Part more natrow" CC than the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of such Acts respectively for every Coach, Caravan, Chaise

Marine, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Chaise, Chair and Calash, and for all Wagons, Wains, Carts, and other Carriages, not having the Fellies of their Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of nine Inches, or six inches from Side to Side, before the same shall respectively be permitted to pals through any of the Toll Gates where Tolls are payable by virtue of any of the said Acts respectively, to be applied to the same Uses as the other Tolls are by the said Acts.

IV. And, to avoid the leaf! Suspicion that lessening the Tolls and Duties as aforesaid, may be any way For Benefit of prejudicial to Creditors who have lent, or shall lend their Money upon the Security of the Tolls, Be it en th acted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Act and Acts of Parliament made this Session of Par aftss'a^dxohs liament, or heretofore made, for repairing and amending Turnpike Roads, shall be continued and be in to be continued full Force for five Years, to be computed from the several Ends and Expirations of all and every such Act for 5 Years from, and Acts respectively, and subject to the Tolls and Duties, and all the Penalties, Forfeitures, Remedies, their respective Powers, Authorities, Clauses, Rules, Directions, Payments and Provisions, respectively made and enacted Expirations.

by any of the said Act or Acts of Parliament now or heretofore made for repairing and amending Turnpike Roads.

V. And whereas a Doubt has arisen upon the Construction of the Words of the said recited Act, made

in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, which directs the Fellies of the Wheels of

every Wagon, Wain, Cart or Wheel carriage, to be of the Breadth or Gauge of nine Inches from Side Sole of thefel

to Side, at the least; 'Be it declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it is the true Intent and Meaninglies intended by of this and the said recited Act, that the Sole or Bottom of such Fellies shall be of the Breadth or Gauge oftcthe^'nichef nine Inches from Side to Side, at the leall, and that the Sole or Bottom of all such Fellies shall be flat and blad and even from Side to Side, or as near as may be.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees appointed by or under thetmfless to cause Authority of any Act of Parliament, made or to be made for repairing and amending Turnpike Roads, orjhc? oads^any five of them, shall from Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion, cause all the Turnpike roads, W g0jj*c0^" e within their respective Districts, to be levelled and put into good Condition, in such manner as shall be dition.

moll commodious for the Use of Travellers, and for the several Sorts of Carriages passing upon the same.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall unload, Penalty of 5l. or cause to be unloaden, any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, from any Cart, Wagon or other Carriage; on Persons occa at or before the same shall come to any Turnpike Gate, with an Intent to avoid the Payment of any Part ooltto of the Tolls or Duties to be thereat collected, each and every Person being Owner of such Wagon or a" ojd Payment Carriage, and being thereof convicted before the trustees of such Tolls or Duties, or any three or more of the Tolls, of them, or one or more justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, upon the oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; which Oath the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, or the said Justice or Justices, are hereby empowered to administer, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; which Sum, in case the same be not forthwith, paid, shall be levied by Distress and S -- le of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the to 1)5 ty Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, or the said Justice and Safes or justices, rendering the Overplus to the Owner (if any be) bn Demand, after deducing the realbnabie Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to be settled by such Trustees, or any three or more of them, or by the said Justice or Justices; and each and every Driver of such Wagon or Carriage, so offending, and the Driver to being thereof convicted, as aforesaid, shall be committed to the House of Correction for the Space of one committed. Month; and in case any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls or Duties at any Gate or Turnpike where or collectoi permit near to which any Crane, Machine or Engine, for weighing of Carriages, shall be built or erected, IMP whlkdcarria's permit or suffer any Cart, Wagon or Carriage aforesaid, not having the Fellies of their Wheels of the to without " Breadth or Gauge of nine Inches from Side to Side, to pass or repass through any such Gate or Turnpike, weighing, rate without weighing the same, and being thereof convicted, in manner as aforesaid, such Collector or Receiver committed, so offending shall be committed to the House of Correction, to be there kept to hard Labour for the spacelyja> of one Month. C '

sa

VIII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth

§ 14-

Day of June, all Wagons, Wains, or other four Wheel Carriages, not being common Stage Wagons or Carriages (though the Fellies of the Wheels are not of the Breadth of nine Inches or six Inches) may travel, pass or be driven, upon any Turnpike p.oad, with any Number of Horses. Bcaftrs of Draught, not mon stage Wag, exceeding five Horses or Beasts of Draught; and if any Owner or Driver of any such Wagon, Wain or gens, may be osier four Wheel Carriage, shall travel, pass cr drive any such Wagon or other four Wheel Carriage, wkhdrswn byfivs more than five Horses or Beasts of Draught, every such Owner so offending, shall for every such Offence Sj "'.

- , V pvn r -, i!diawnbyro

vered u; vd levied by. Dutreis. acto forfeit 51,

Sule.

forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds;. which said Penalty shall be recovered

more.

6o8 C 17. Anno vicesimo octavo Geor.gji H. A.D. 1755.

Sale of the offender's.goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of the Trustees, or any three or more of them, of such District, or any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, in or near to the Place or Places where the Offence shall be committed; or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; where no Eflbin, pro and the Driver to testion or Wager of Lav, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and in case any Driver of any be committed. Wagon, Wain or other Carriage aforesaid, shall act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, such Btpcakd by 50 Justice or Justices shall by Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hands and Seals, commit such Driver Go. 2. C 23. to the j [ollj'c of Correction for the Space of one Month, there to remain without Bail or Main prize.

1 '

IX. And whereas by the said Act passed in the twenty sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, it is

provided, That Wagons, Wains, Carts, or other Wheel carriages (not having the Fellies of their wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of nine Inches from Side to Side) may travel, pass or be drawn upon anvturn pike Road, provided such Wagon, Wain, Cart or other Wheel Carriage be drawn by Oxen or Nez; 4 Cattle only: And whereas the Allowance of Oxen or Neat Cattle only, without an Horse or Horses, Wagons, C ' hath been found inconvenient and dangerous; 'Be it therefore enacted, That any Wagon, Wain or other

wheelsim°w be fur Wheel Carriage, not having the Fellies of their Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of nine Inches from drawn bytoxen Side to Side, may travel, pal's or be drawn upon any Turnpike Road, provided every such Wagon, Wain in Pairs and a or other four Wheel Carriage, be not drawn by more than six Oxen or Neat Cattle in Pairs, and two Horses, Plorfes; or eight Oxen in Pairs, with one Horse; and that any Cart or other two Wheel Carriage, not

°rho°ftc.n and having the Fellies of their Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge aforesaid, may travel, pass or be drawn upon and Carts by 6 such turnpike Road, provided such Cart or two Wheel Carriage be not drawn by more than six Oxen or

Oxen anti i Neat Cattle in Pairs, and one horse; or four Oxen in Pairs, and two Horses; anything in the said Act

Horse, or Oxen to the contrary notwithstanding.

and 2 Horses. < X And whereas Doubts may arise from the Construction of diverse Acts of Parliament, where the Toll

or Duty is made payable upon the Horse or other Beafi drawing, and not upon the Carriage itfelr; 'Be The Horses, C ft enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all such Cases, the Horses or Beasts drawing such Carriage, wbh'n|roac|riases usns such Broad Wheels as are directed by the said Act made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his Wheels exempt present Majesty, and by this present Act, shall for the Space of three Years, to be computed as aforesaid, ed from Toil for be entitled to such Exemption from the Payment of any Toll or Duty payable by virtue of any former 3 Years. Act or Acts of Parliament, as all Carriage's using Broad wheels are entitled unto by virtue of this present Act.

where t ic Tolls

XI. And b. c. ft fllrther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where by virtue of any Act mor^thone*0 or Acts Parliament now in force, the Toll or Duty on Horses or other Beasts, drawing or passing halfpenny on through any Turnpike, Bar or Gate, doth not amount to more than the Sum of one Halfpenny for every each Horse draw Horse drawing any Wheel Carriage whatsoever, not having the Fellies of their Wheels of the Breadth or inge. the Gauge of nine Inches, or six Inches from Side to Side, or to more than one Penny for two Horses drawing ceffar^m^ take any Carriages as aforesaid, or to more than three halfpence for three Horses drawing any such car addirio naltous.' rages as aforesaid, the Trustees. any five or more of them, appointed by virtue or under the Authority of such Acts of Parliament, shall and may, if they shall find the same necessary, upon considering the State of their respective Tolls, collect double the former Tolls or Duties, in case such Tolls or Duties do not exceed one halfpenny, and three halfpence in case the same do not exceed one Penny, and twopence in case the same do not exceed three halfpence, and may collect the additional Tolls or Duties which are directed to be taken by this Act, in Cases where the present Toll or Duty amounts to twopence or more upon the Horses drawing any Carriage, in such and the same Manner as if such Toll orduty was laid upon the Carriage; anything herein or in any former Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas Complaint has been made that fraudulent Contrivances have been practised by Offenders, their Friends, and others, to evade the just Recovery of Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by 4- the Laws relating to Turnpike Roads, by setting up colourable Prosecutions and Seizures with Intent to favour Offenders against the said Laws, and to discourage just and real Prosecutions; For Remedy Prior Profccu whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for all Courts, and all tior.s and Seizures anj every Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom there shall be any Action, Information or proceed er/deeaitd Vao ns fr any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by any Act or Acts of Parliament made or to be made for repair dulent* and thenk alld amending Turnpike Roads, or any way relating to or concerning the lame; and they are hereby merits to be exa required, where any prior Seizure, Action, Information or Conviction, shall be let up, or indited upon, by mined. way of Defence, or to defeat any Action, Information or Proceeding, or any Seizure for any Forfeiture or

Penalty inflicted as aforesaid, to examine into the real Merits of such prior Seizure, Action, Information, Proceeding or Conviction; if thereupon it shall appear that the same was not done, made or prosecutej effectually, to recover and apply the Penalty or Forfeiture for the true and real Ends and Purposes for which such Penalties or Forfeitures were enacted, but to favour the Offender, such prior Seizure, Action, Information or Conviction, shall be deemed to be fraudulent, and null and void, to all Intents and Purposes judgement to be whatsoever; and every such Court, Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall proceed to determine and give such vdzure had Judgement, as if no such prior Seizure, Action, Information or Conviction had been made, had, prosecuted been. or obtained.

XIII. And whereas great Mischief hath arisen from mean Persons acting as Trustees in the Execution of such Acts ol Parliament made for repairing public Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, as do not direct and require that the Trustees thereby appointed shall be qualified to act as such by the Conetal qualify Poflcluon of Real or Perianal Estate to a certain value be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore ltul" Lid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, no Person shall be qualified, or capable of acting

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 17. 609

abling as atrustee in the Execution of any such Act as aforesaid, unless lie shall be in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, in the ablual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value ol' forty Pounds, or possessed of, or entitled to, Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Value of eight hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of a person possessed of an Estate in Land of the clear yearly Value of eighty Pounds, and unless he shall (not being such Heir Apparent as aforesaid) before he abts as such Trustee, take and subscribe the Oath following before any two or more of thctrustees appointed or to be appointed by or in pursuance to be a tefled oof such Abl, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same in the Words, or to the Effect following; that is to say,

y A.B. do swear. That I truly and bona fide am in my own Right, or in Right of my Wife, in the ablual

X Possession and Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments

of the clear yearly Value of forty Pounds, or possessed of, or intuled to a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Value of eight hundred Pounds.

So help me GOD

And if any person hall presume to act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, every such Person Penalty of acting hall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the if not qual.fied, same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on 5°1' the Case, or by Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no Eftbin, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Owners of anyt(jewor(jscom > common Stage Wagon or Cart, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, having the Fellies of mon Stage wag the Wheels of less Breadth and Gauge than nine Inches, or six Inches, from Side to Side, hall, over and son, orcart, to above what he or they is or are obliged by Law to write or paint, or cause to be written or painted, upon je ante! or' his or their Wagon or Cart, paint or cause to be painted, upon the Tilt of every such Wagon or Cart[ "f, h naa's which has a Tilt, and upon the most conspicuous Part of such Wagon orcart which has not a Tilt, the wheels, following Words in large and legible Characters; that is to say, C UM M O N STAGE WAGON, or CART, as the Case may be; and if any Owner or Owners of any such Wagon or Cart shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, travel with or use by himself or Servant, any such Wagon orcart, without the Words hereby required to be painted as aforesaid, he hall forfeit and lose one of the penalty, and how Horses or Beasts of Draught (not being the Shaft orthill Horse) together with all the Geers and Accou to proceed there trements to such Horse orbeaft of Draught belonging, to the sole Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons" shall seize or distrain the same; and the Person or Persons making such Seizure or Distress, shall proceed in like manner, and be entitled to the like Remedy, as is directed and given in Cases of Seizures of Elorfes by the said Abl made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

XV. And whereas many Persons are deterred from prosecuting Offences committed against the several t Turnpike Laws, and it is inconvenient to others being upon Journeys, or engaged on necessary Business,

to prosecute the same as the Law now stands: And whereas many Laws have been made for and relating to Turnpike Roads since the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and more Acts of the same Kind are likely to be made; 'Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Prosecutor or Informer may at his Election sue for and recover any Forfeiture or Penalty imposed by this or any Abl Method of pro or Acts of Parliament made or to be made for erebling Turnpikes for repairing and amending Turnpike fecution for Re reads, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Turnpike Roads, in the same Manner as such ccvery of Forfeitures and Penalties are severally and refbebtively directed to be sued for and recovered, or by Actiontles w hl.are at Law, to be brought by such Informer or Prosecutor in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at West pecunurj'» minster in manner following, (that is to say) Where any Person shall be liable to any such pecuniary Penalty, it shall be lawful to sue for and recover the same by Action of Debt, in which it shall be sufficient to declare that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in the Sum of

being forfeited by an Act, intituled, An Act to amend an Act made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty. intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating the reto: And where the Penalty or Forfeiture is or shall be of any Horse or Beast of Draught, or anioffueh where other Goods, by an Action of Trover against the Person liable to such Penalty, in which the Value of zny the Horse, cis such Horse, Beast of Draught, or other Goods, as is or are liable to the Forfeiture, shall be given in Da forfeited, mages, without any Proof of any Seizure or Demand.

XVI. Provided, That there shall not be more than one Recovery for the same Offence duly and bona fide, Limitation of and without Fraud, had and obtained for the same; and that no Action shall be brought by virtue of" this a41'01'8'

Abl in any of his Majesty's said Courts of Record, unless the same he brought before the End of six Months

after the Offence committed.

XVII. And, to enforce further a due Observation of this and the said recited Act, Be it enacted by the Surveyor, Coi

Authority aforesaid, That every Surveyor of any Turnpike Road, and every toll gatherer, and all such le&on, C neg persons employed by Commissioners and f rustees appointed for the repairing Roads, as receive Salaries,

Rewards, who shall wilfully neglect to seize any supernumerary Horse or Horses drawing in any Wagon, horses^rtopve Wain or Cart, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this and the said recited Act, and shall also will information, fully neglect to lay such Information upon Oath before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County wherein such Offence was committed, or before the proper Commissioners or Trustees at their respective Meetings, as by the said recited Act is directed, shall, upon due Information made upon Oath before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County or Place, forfeit the Vcl. VII 4 I Sum

610 C 18, 19. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1755.

forfeit ic 1 51. Sun! of ten Pounds; five Pounds thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the remaining five Pounds to be the informer, ut in amending the Roads, in such manner as the Commissioners and Trustees for such respective id, Turnpikes shall think fit.

lu'^orncsietfs XVII L Provided, That no such Surveyor, or other Person, shall he liable to the said Penalty for any committed before such wilful Neglect committed before the said twenty-fourth Day of "June one thousand seven hundred and 24 June 17 55. fifty-five.

Concerning Highways see farther 30 Geo. z. C 28. 31 Geo. 2. c. 34.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the Horned Cattle in this

- Kingdom.

The several Laws made to prevent the spreading of the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle, further continued to i Sept. 1755, EV. Further continued by 29 Geo. 2. c. 28. §. 2.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for making perpetual an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of public Entertainment, and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses; for the further punishing Persons selling Ale or other Liquors without Licence; for the preventing the burning or destroying of Gofs, Furze or Feme, in Forests or Chases; for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures orcontradls of Clerks and Apprentices, and for the filing of Affidavits of the Execution of Contracts of Clerks to Attorneys and Sollicitors.

WHEREAS an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, p'etual.nu 6 ?Cr"' An act for the better preventing Tioefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of public Entertain went., and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Hotfest which was to continue in force until the Expiration of three lr ears, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and is near expiringmay it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be, and the same is hereby made perpetual.

56 Geo. a. C 31.

II. And whereas Doubts have arisen upon the Construction of an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty

sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating the Manner of licensing Ale houses, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for the snore easy convisling Persons fellitig Ale and other Liquors without Licence, whether a Person having been convicted of three several Offences in selling Ale, Beer or other Liquors, without a Licence from two Justices of the Peace, as by the said Act is diiedled, is liable to any Punishment for any such Ossence, of which he may be guilty after such Third Conviction Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person so selling without a ^?conviaic« Eicence as aforesaid, after such third Conviction, shall, for every such Offence, so often as it shall happen, to rorfeit el ^( forfeit the Sum of six Pounds, to be levied and disposed of in like manner as the Forfeitures on the first, every Offence, second and third Conviction are directed to be, in and by the Lid Act; and in case no sufficient Distress V n shall be found, whereon to levy the said several Forfeitures, then the Justice of the Peace who shall have '* C 1? convicted such Offender, shall and may commit him or her so convicted to the common Gaol, or other prison or House of Correction within his Jurisdiction, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Offender shall be discharged by Order of the Court of General or Quarter Sessions.

III. Whereas the burning and destroying of Gofs, Furze and Fern, in and upon Forests and Chases,

as it is frequently done by diverse disorderly and dissolute Persons, doth not only destroy the Cover necessary for the Preservation of the Deer and Game there, but hath also been the Occasion of burning,

damaging and destroying of great Quantities of Timber, young Springs of Wood and Underwood and Fences, within the said Forests and Chases, and Places thereunto adjacent, to the great Damage and Prejudice of the Owners and Proprietors thereof; and the Laws now in Being are not sufficient to prevent hrtft' le same>' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons not having a to Gofs fm re" Right 01' legal Licence to do the same, shall at any Time after the first Day of August one thousand seven Heath or Fern' hundred and fifty-five set fire to, burn or destroy, or shall abet, aid or assist in, or at the burning or destroy in Chases or to ing of any Gofs, Furze or Fern, growing or being in or upon anyforeft or Chase, within that Part of rcs Great Britain called England, without the Licence or Consent of the Owner or Proprietor, or the Person

chiefly entrusted with the Care, Oversight, and Custody of such Forest or Chase, or some Part thereof, and being brought before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division or Place, where such Forest or Chase shall lie, and shall be thereof convicted by Confession, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness orwitnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer) or upon the View of such Justice or Justices, every such Person or Persons being £0 forfeit not less f0 convicted, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than more ban el forty Shillings, one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the 5'Parish where the Offence shall be committed; which Penalty, in case the same be not forthwith paid, shall and

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II.

C 20. 61i

A.D. 1755.

'and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants to be leiie.i by under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices; and in case no sufficient Distress Diflrefc and sjlc, can be found, then it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to commit such Offender or Of &' to the common Gaol of the County or Place where such Offence Until be committed, for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month.

IV. And, for the Relief of any Person or Persons, who, through Neglect or Inadvertency, have omitted to pay the several Rates and Duties, or any Part thereof, upon Moneys given, paid, cont. added or agreed for, with or in relation to any Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, who hath been put or placed to or with any Master ormistress to learn any Profelffon, Trade or Employment, and to have such Indentures, or other Writings which contain the Covenants, Articles, Contracts or Agreements, relating to the Service of such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, stamped within the Times by the several Acts of Parliament for those purposes respectively limited, or who have also in like manner omitted to insert and write, in Words at Length, _ in such Indentures or other Writings as aforesaid, the full Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, received or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, or agreed or contracted for, with or in relation to every such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant as aforesaid; it enacted, That upon Payment of the Rates and Duties upon Moneys, or such Part of such Moneys, so neglected or omitted to be paid as aforesaid, on or funheitime al before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, to such Person or Persons to whom lowed 'or the same ought to be paid, and tendering the said Indentures or other Writings to be damped at the same m"

Time, or at any Time on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and; e pj; j lor fifty-five (of which timely Notice is to be given in the London Gazette) the same Indentures or o.her clerks and ap writings shall be good and available in Law and Equity, and may be given in Evidence in any Court what prentices, soever; and the Clerk, Apprentice or Servant therein named, shall be capable of following and exercising their respective intended Trades or Employe ents, as fully as if the said Rates and Duties so omitted had been duly paid, and the full Sum or Sums received or agreed for as aforesaid had been inserted; and the Persons who have incurred any Penalties by the Omissions aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from the said Penalties; anything in the said former Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

C V And whereas diverse Persons through Mistake, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, to the Prejudice of Infants, and others, have omitted to cause Affidavits to be made and filed in the proper Offices of the actual Execution of several Contrails in Writing to serve as Clerks to Attorneys and Sollicitors,

within the Time limited and expressed by certain Acts passed in the twenty second and twenty-fourth

Years of his present Majesty's Reign, whereby many Persons may be in danger of incurring the Disabi

lities in the said Ail of the twenty second Year, of his present Majesty's Reign specified be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who have omitted to cause such fuitliertime al

Affidavit or Affidavits to be made and filed as aforesaid, and who shall, on or before the nrft Day of Hillary lowe'1* 4 for filing

Term next, cause one or more Affidavit or Affidavits to be made and filed in such manner as directed by the said last recited Acts, or either of them, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged from and comrafb of"

against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Disabilities in the said Act of the twenty second Year of clerks to Attor

his present Majesty's Reign mentioned, incurred or to be incurred, for or by reason of any Neglect or "ics.

0 million in causing such Affidavit or Affidavits so to be made and filed as aforesaid, according to the Directi ons of the said last recited Acts, or either of them; and such Affidavit or Affidavits so to be made and filed as aforesaid, shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been made and filed within the respective limes limited by the said several last recited Acts, or either of them.

CAP. XX.

An Act for continuing, explaining, and amending the several Acts of Parliament made for the iurther Encouragement of the "Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty's Subjects; and to authorise the Payment of the Bounty to Thomas Hoed and others, upon three Ships fitted out for the said Fishery, and lost in the Greenland Sea's.

WHEREAS diverse Acts of Parliament have been made for the Encouragement of his Majesty's

Subjects to carry on and improve the Whale Fishery, which by the Bounties given by the said Acts

] has of late Years gradually increased, and by the Continuance thereof will (till further increase, to the great

Advantage of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom; 'Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging rzv Greenland Fishery, which 5 Geo. was to be in force for nine Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, and which Act by an Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's., 300 Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Premiums; upon the Importation of Masts, Yards and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch and Turpentine; to British made Sail Cloth, and the Duties

Sable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the Greenland and to the Whale Fishery; granting a, fui there Bounty for all p.s. cinployed in tb Whale Fishery during the present War; for exempting harpoom ers and others employed in the Greenland Fishery Trade, from being impressed; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices, was continued unto the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and trom thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act, by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's

cas.

0. 2. C 23.

z, C 45

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1

75?

further continued to 25 Dec, 1764, C

6 Geo. 2. c. 33.

continued to 25 Dec. 1764, t.

Geo. 2. c. 45, continued to 25 Dec. i764r

Tonnage Bounty to be paid out of any other of the Revenues, if the old Subsidy be not fuss.cient.

An Apprentice,

for every 50 Tonnes, to be on board each Ship, C

No larger Bounty to be paid than for Ships of 400 Tonnes.

Ships above that Burden not required to be fitted out otherwise than Vessels of 400 Tonnes.

Bounty allowed to Vessels under 200 Tonnes.

Vessels under 200 Tonnes which shall fail before 25 March 1755,

Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement and Enlargement of the jvhale Fishery, f continuing such Laius as are therein mentioned, relating thereto; and for the Naturalisation of such foreign pre t eft ants as shall serve for the Time therein mentioned, on board such Ships as fall be fitted out for the said Fishery, was further continued unto the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty ieven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Time in the said last mentioned Act limited for theexpiration thereof, unto the twenty-fifth Day of December which shall be in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from theifce to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, carried on by his Majesty's British Subjects, which was to be in force during the Continuance of the last mentioned Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fifery, and which was by the said Act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign continued unto the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act was by the said Act of the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign continued unto the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Time in the said last mentioned Act limited for the Expiration thereof, unto the twenty-fifth Day of December which shall be in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act of the twentjr second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement and Enlargement of the tfhale Fishery, and for continuing such Laws as are therein mentioned, relating thereto; and for the Naturalisation of such foreign Protestants, as shall serve for the Film therein mentioned, on board such Ships as fall be fitted out for the said Fifcry, which was to be in force from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby continued from the Time therein limited for the Expiration thereof, unto the twenty-fifth Day of December in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, to order the respective Receivers General of the Customs, in case the Moneys remaining in their Hands arising from the old Subsidy shall not be sufficient to satisfy the said Bounty of forty Shillings per Tonne, payable on all Ships employed in the said Fiflvery, according to the Directions of the said several Acts, and of this present A CL to pay the same out of any Moneys that shall be in their Hands arising from any of the Duties and Revenues under their Management respectively.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Ship which shall be employed in the said Fishery, shall, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, have on board an Apprentice indentured for the Space of three Years ar the least, for every fifty ons Burden, who shall he accounted as one of the Number of Men which by Law ought to be on board such Ship; and in case any Ship shall proceed on the Whale Fishery, without conforming to the above Regulation, the Owner or Owners of every Ship so offending, shall lose the Bounty which would otherwise be payable thereon.

VI. Provided also, and be" it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, no Ship to be employed in the said Fishery, although Ihe be above the Burden of four hundred Tonnes, shall be ir.titled to a larger Bounty than a Ship of four hundred eons would be entitled to.

Eli. Provided always, That nothing in the said former Acts, or in this present Act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to oblige the Owner or Owners of any Ship above the Burden of four hundred Tonnes, in order to entitle him or them to the said Bounty, to fit out, equip and man any such Ship, otherwise than as a Ship of the Burden of four hundred Tonnes only is by the said Acts or by this present Act required to be fitted out, equipped and manned.

VIII. And whereas by the said Acts made in the sixth and twenty second Years of the P, eign of his present Majesty, the Bounty of forty Shillings ^wton is confined to Ships of the Burden of two hundred 'Aeons and upwards; and it hath been found by Experience, that Ships under the Burden of t\v<v ' hundred Tonnes are fit for the said Fishery; 'it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, and during the Continuance of the said Bounty of forty Shillings per Tonne, payable as aforesaid, the same shall be paid to the Owners of all Ships under the Burden of two hundred Tonnes, which shall be employed in the said Fishery, according to the Admeasurement thereof, in such Manner, and by and under such Rules, Directions and Restrictions, as by the said Acts, and by this present Act, the said Bounty is made payable to the Owners of Ships of the Burden of two hundred Tonnes and upwards, employed in the said Fishery; provided the Owner of no such Ship lit all be entitled to such Bounty, unless he shall in all Respects conform to the Regulations prescribed by the said recited Acts, and by this present Act, to the Owners of Ships of the Burden of two hundred Tonnes.

IX. And whereas the Dispatch of Ships to the Greenland Seas and davis's Straights, and Seas adjacent,

on the whale fishery, must of Necessity be within the Months of March or april be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Owners of any Ship or Ships under the Burden of two

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 21. 615

hundred Tonnes, which hall Tail on the said Voyage and Fishery on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March entitled to the one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, who have conformed themselves in all Respects to the Rules and Bounty. Directions prescribed by the said Acts of the sixth and twenty second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and of this present Act, shall be entitled to the said Bounty of forty Shillings per Tonne, according to the Admeasurement of such Ship or Ships respectively.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Commissioners of Customs for England and Scotland respectively, shall, at the Beginning of every Session of Parliament, lay the ttuhoms to before both Houses of Parliament an Account in Writing, under their Hands, of what Number of Ships have been employed in the Whale Fishery, to davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective employed in the Names and Burdens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were dif fisherj. charged, and also what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship shall have imported.

XI. And whereas Thomas Hood, James Manley, and Leonard Bowls, of London, Merchants, did sit out

in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, three Ships called the Elizabeth and Mary, the Mary and the Argus, for the Whale Fishery in the Greenland Seas, in the Manner prescribed and appointed ' 'by the said Acts, and which said Ships were arstuplly employed in the said Fishery, but were unavoidably

lost in the said Seas; 'Be it therefore enactedjjy the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of bo.unt, cs f0 b. c. the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall be, and he or they are hereby empowered to Bowls 'forvef direct, if he or they think fit, the Payment of the Bounties which the said Thomas Hood, James Manbey, Pels employed and Leonard Bowls, would have been entitled to, in case the said Ships had returned to this Kingdom; anyand lost in Thing in the said two several Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Greenland Seas,

XII. And whereas a Doubt hath arisen, whether the Bounty payable on Ships employed in the said

may be insured; obviating such Doubt, and for preventing any future Applications to Parliament for the Bounty on any such Ship which may happen to be lost at Sea before her Return to Great Britain, although fitted out and navigated according to the Direction of the said former Acts, and this present Act, the Risk of which Loss ought to be born by the Owner or Owners of such Ship, if he or they had the Liberty to insure the Bounty payable thereon; 'Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Owners of any Ship employed, or 0wri rs may in designed to be employed in the said Fishery, to insure the Bounty which such Owner or Owners would be sure the Bounty, entitled to, upon the Return of such Ship to the Port to which the Master and Mate of such Ship shall have declared on Oath their Intention, to return, and on the Performance of all other Matters directed and appointed by the said Acts, and by this present Act to be performed, for obtaining the said Bounty.

CAP. XXI.

An act for making more effectual the Laws prohibiting the Importation of Spirituous Liquors in Casks or Vessels not containing sixty Gallons, and of Tea above the Quantity of six Pounds, found on board any British Ship or Vessel, not belonging to, or employed by, the East India Company.

WHEREAS, for preventing the Frauds frequently used in importing of strongwater, Spirits,

Aqua Vites, or Brandy, in small Quantities, whereby the same.is more easily conveyed away without Payment of the Duties thereof, it is by a Clause in an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain additional hnpofi 4 'will. & Mary, lions upon several Goods and Merchandizes for the prosecuting the present War against France, enacted, Thatc> 5* no Brandy, single or double, shall be imported from Parts beyond the Seas, in any Vessel or Cask which shall not contain sixty Gallons at the least; upon Pain of forfeiting the said Brandy, or the Value thereof, so to be imported as aforesaid: And whereas by a Clause in one other Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act against clandestine running of mcujlomed5 Geo. j. C irr Goods, and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Cifloms, reciting, That Rum had been then imported in much greater Proportions than formerly; and that the importing thereof in small Casks or Vessels was many Times done withdefign, that the same might more easily, privately and clandestinely be carried oft' and conveyed, without paying the Duties; it is enacted, That if any Rum shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any Port, Harbour, Flaven, or Creek thereof, in any Casks or Vessel not containing twenty Gallons at the least (excepting only for t'neufeof Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel) all such Rum, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited; nevertheless, if it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the principal Officers of the Customs at the Port of Im7 portation, that such Rum so imported in small Casks was for the use of the Master or Seamen belonging to the Ship or Vessel in the Voyage, or imported by Merchants or Traders without Fraud or Concealment, that then, and in every such Case, the said Officers are thereby empowered and directed to admit such Rum to an Entry, and cause the Duties thereof to be accepted instead of the Forfeiture thereof before mentioned; which said lafbmentioned Clause, by virtue of several subsequent Acts, is continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the End of the the n next Session of Parliament: And whereas by a Clause in one other AS made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for indemnifying Per fans tvho have been 9 Geo. 2. r. guilty of Offences against that Laws made for featring the Revenues of cujlotr.s and Excise, and for enforcing

614 C 22. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1755.

those Laws for the future; it is enacted, That where any Ship or Vessel whatsoever coming or arriving from foreign Parts, and having on board six Pounds of Tea, or any foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, strong or otl^pr Spirits whatsoever, in Casks under sixty Gallons (except only for the Use of the sea men then belonging to, and on board such Ship or Vessel, not exceeding two Gallons for each Seaman) ' shall be found at Anchor, or hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within two Leagues of the Shore, or shall be discovered to have been within the Limits of any Port, and not pro cceding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting (unless in case of unavoidable Neceflhy and Thirds of Weather, of which Necessity and Distress, the Master, Purser, or other Person, having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall give Notice to and make Proof of before the Col ' ledlor, or other chief Officer of the Customs, of such Port as aforesaid, immediately after the Arrival of sich Ship or Vessel into the said Port) all such Tea, foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, strong Waters and Spirits, together with the Chests, Boxes, Casks, and other Package whatsoever, containing the same Goods, of the Value thereof, shall be forfeited and loll: (whether Bulk shall then have been broken or not) and the same Goods and Package shall and may be seized and prosecuted, or the Value thereof he sued for, by any Officer or Officers of thecuiloms or Excise, in such Manner and Form as in and by the said Act is expressed: whereas, notwithstanding the several Provisions so made for preventing such Frauds, Ships and Vessels arriving from foreign Parts frequently hae on board Quantities of such 1 Liquors in Final! Casks, and also Lea, which Liquors and Tea are intended to be rim r. Shore, V ithout Payment of the respective Duties thereof; but m order to prevent the Seizure and Forfeiture thereof, No t irltuom LI C ruc brought into Port under Pretence that they are designej for Exportation, and are frequently reported um s imported for Exportation to foreign Parts, and nevertheless are afterwards run onshore; 'Be it enacted by the in Vessels under King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, 60 Gallons, may and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and bort"d's for Ex'e ater t^1c twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty hv, no Brandy, Arrack, Rum, portation! Geneva, strong Waters, or other Spirits whatsoever, which shall be imported or brought into Great Bri ail Tea above toin, in any Calk or other Vessel, which shall not contain sixty Gallons at the least of such Liquors respect6ib. foundinbri tively, shall be entered or reported for Exportation, or exported to Foreign Parts; and all Entries and re tift Vessels am ports which, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, shall be ving from So made of such Liquors, contrary to the Directions of this Act, are hereby declared to be null and void; forfeited"5'° b. c. an act°ve the Quantity of six Pounds, which shall be found in any British Ship or Vessel, arriving India company's m Great Britain from Foreign Parts (excepting those belonging to or employed by the East India Corn ships excepted, pany) shall be forfeited and lost, whether such Tea shall be intended or reported for Exportation or not. Concerning Ctiftopisfee farther 30 Geo. 2. c. 18 © "29. 32 Cat. 2. C 10,

CAP. XXII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Moneys remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; and for carrying the Surplus of certain Duties to the Sinking Fund; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

MOST Gracious Sovereign; We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being "desirous to raise the Residue of the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, by Ways and Means the least burdensome to your majesty's Subjects, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys as now are, or shall from Time to Time be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall and red tut of lmly fined and applied a Sum not exceeding the Sum of one million four hundred and twenty thousand

"nr sinking fund Pounds, for and towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven for the canon? hundred and fifty-five; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them Year. northwest being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of tite treasury for the Time

T being, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

i'd.4! o' oter IF And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of three thousand three hun plu's of the last dred forty-one Pounds nineteen Shillings and twopence Farthing remaining in the Receipt of the exchc year's Grants; quer, being the Overplus of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and silty 16, 4041.17s. four; and also the Sum of sixteen thousand four hundred ninety four Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten ofdu^ou Coals Fence halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Duties on Coals 19, 923l. ns.qd.'flucc the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen; and also the Sum of nine moi iiiusof Duties teen thousand nine hundred and twenty-three Sounds twelve Shillings and nine Pence, remaining in the fur ru aiiing Spi receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors; and

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II.

C 22. 615

Ifo the Sum of twenty-eight thousand two hundred and one Pounds nineteen Shillings and eight Pence, mi. jq remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Funds for the Lottery in the Ye; r oners|'q3'1"' thousand i'even hundred and fourteen, 111 all and may be issued and applied at the said Receipt as Part of '

Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and (if; y

if.

'f| T A d

five.* or 'm* S' rpiv.

III. And whereas by an Act of the firfc Year of his Majesty's Reign, for granting an Aid to his Ms: - 1 co.

jesty by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, at four Pounds per Centum per /lr.num, redeemable by Parliament, and charged on the Duties on Coals and Culm, and for other Purposes therein mentioned,

certain Duties upon Coals and Culm were charged with the Payment of an Annuity after the Rate of four Pounds per Contnru per Annum., from the Feail of Saint John the Baptist one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, for and upon the Suin' of one million seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, eontii buted by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in pursuance of the said Add; in which Add it is provided, That in case there shall be any Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said Duties at the End of any one Year, computing the same to end at christmas yearly, after the said Annuity and all Arrears thereof are satisfied, or Money referred for that Purpose, such Surplus or Remainder shall from Time to Time be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament: And whereas by an Act of the second; i. C 3,

Year of his Majesty's Reign, for raifrng one million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England at four Pounds per Centum, redeemable by Parliament, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, certain Surplus Moneys of the Duties and Revenues on Soap, Paper, certain Linens, Silks, Calicoes and Stuffs, and upon Starch, and exported Coals, and upon stamped Vellum,

Parchment and Paper, which were granted by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her latem Ann. C n,

Majesty Queen Anne, were charged with the Payment of an Annuity after the Rate of four Pounds per ( Centum per Annum, from the Feaff of Saint John the Baptist one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine.

for and upon the Sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, contributed by the Gover nor and Company of the Bank of England, in pursuance of the said Act; in which said Act it is provided,

That in case there shall be any Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said Duties at the End of any one Year, computing the same to end at christmas yearly, after the said Annuity

and all Arrears thereof, are satisfied, or Money reserved for that Purpose; Surplus or Remainder shall from Time to Time be reserved for the Disposition of parliament now, to the end the said several surplus of: he Surplus or Overplus Moneys may be applied, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and Duties on Coais, after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, the Surplus or Overplus Moneys of 'p' £cps arch the said Duties on Coals and Culm, and also the Surplus or Overplus Moneys of the Duties and Revenues c0"i'sexported, on Soap, Paper, Linens, Silks, Calicoes and Stuffs, and upon Starch and exported Coals, and upon fiampt Vellum, stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, which shall from Time to Time be and remain in the Receipt of&c. his Majesty's Exchequer, at the End of any usual Quarterly Day on which the said Surplus or Overplus Moneys shall arise, after satisfying all Charges and Encumbrances thereupon, shall be carried to, to be earned to and made Part of, the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; and shall and may be issued and applied the sinking in such Manner, and to such Uses and Purposes, as other Rates, Duties, Revenues and Incomes, com funii posing the said Fund, are or shall he issued and applied, and for no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

IV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of his Choose of Loan majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or moreior raising

of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall think it adviseable to raise the said Sum'j42°'°p0l't35 of one million four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer*"er ent' Bills, in manner herein after mentioned; that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons,

Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the said Sum of one million four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues compoffng the Sinking Fund; an 1 to have and receive for the Forbearance of the Money lent, Interest after a Rate not exceeding three Pounds per Centum per Annum, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by he said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the treasury for the Time being who are hereby authorised to issue their "W arrants for that Purpose as sass as such Loans shall be wanted for the public Service; and moreover, that no Money to be lent upen the Security of this Act, shall be rated or afiefled to any Tax or Assessment whatever.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall lend any Money upon thexalllesof 1, 0*3. Credit of this Act as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately to be strueb. have a Tally of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his, her or their Repayment, bearing the same

Date with his, her or their Tally; in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, not exceeding the said Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such. Orders for Repayment of Money so to be lent, shall be registered in course, according to the Dates respectively; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in course, according as their Orders shall Stand registered iivrhemaim:: ^the said Register Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her or their Executors, Payment. Administrators or Assigns, who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders full entered in the said Books of Register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be paid out of the said sur pluffesj Excesses or other Revenues, and he, she or they, who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders

next

616 C 22. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1755.

next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in course; that the Moneys to come in, of, or for the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund as aforesaid, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, no undue Prese Successors or Assigns respectively, without any undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever (other than such

Uses and purposes as are appointed by any other Act or Acts of parliament in that Behalf as aforesaid) and that Jvo See to be no Fee, Reward or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's sub jak, jects, for providing or making of any such Books or Registers or any Entries, Views or Searches, in or for Payment

of Money lent, or the Interest: thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their on Pain of treble Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved, by the Party offending, Damages, and w; th fu]] Costs of Suits; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then tolofehis 0 sj Place also; and if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made, either in Point of Registry

prefcrenceun ue°r Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with full Costs of Suit, to the Party grieved, and shall be fore judged of his Place or Office; and if any such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to fuc'n Ablion, Debt, Damages and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Office or Place; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt Dial not direct the said Orders of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment upon such Orders, according to each person's due Place and Order as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending, to be liable to such Ablion, Debt, Damages and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid; all which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages and Costs, to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, or any of their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

Previfces relating

VI. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan or Orders to Orders of the fr Payment as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be re farr.elute, giftered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, so as he enters them all the same Day.

and to Payment PH. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty in point ofsubsequentor of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent <iers, before others Orders to Persons that come, and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other Persons that €ou fe°uslltin^notae tlle'r Moneys, and bring their Orders in Course, foas there be so much Money referred as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them; Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

Method of trans

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be due ferring, for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register as aforesaid,

his, her, or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by proper Words of Assignment to be indoifed and written upon his, her, or their Order, may assign and transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest and Benefit of such Order, or any Part thereof, to any other, which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry aforesaid, for Orders (which the Officers hall upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly makej shall intitle such Assigne, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Alliens, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like manner assign again, and so ioties quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons, who have or hath made such Assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

IX. And to the End there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum not to exceed in the whole the said Sum of one million four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by ihiiing Exchequer Pills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or The said Sum Means, for the public Service; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the corn may be raised by missioner of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or Exchequer Bills. any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, ill all judge it more adviseable to raise the said Sum of one million four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills, instead of such Loans as aforesaid, that then they respectively are hereby authorised and empowered at any Time or Times to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made at the Exchequer, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of one million four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, together with such Loans aforesaid, in the same or like Manner, Form or Order, and according to the same or like Rules and as gco.i, CI Directions, as in and by a certain Abl of parliament (for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand leveii hundred and fifty-five) are enabled and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in purltiance of the said Abl.

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 22. 617

x.and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes Powers,: Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the said last men Contained simik tioned Act, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills, authorised to be made by the same Act (except Malt Act, rcia such Clauses as do charge the lame on the Rates and Duties granted by tyre same Act) shall be ^nshtu! r

applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effee extended^'tiui tually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by at. the said last rhencioned Act, 01 as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act.' - t t*1

XI. 'And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills as shall be made The Exchequer in pursuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to or attending the B, ls "p.ai£ same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and born by and out °nug' fund"'" of: the growing Produce of the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated id any particular Use' or Uses, by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and maybe issued and applied, as fast as the same cart be regularly Bated and ascertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

And whereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of England do consent and agree to advance and lend the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, over and above all other sum and

Sums of Money that they have already agreed to advance on the Supplies of the present Year, at an Interest after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for so much thereof as shall be by

them advanced, from the Time of such Advancement till the same shall be discharged, the said five hundred thousand Pounds and Interest to be secured by Exchequer Bills to be made fortlvand issued 1 in pursuance of this act, 'and to be charged upon and repaid out of such Moneys as at any Time or Times hereafter shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses

and other Revenues, composing the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay the Sum of seven hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, Part

of the said Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund', by this Act' directed to be issued and applied Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Exchequer Bills for any Sum 'or Sums not exceeding rfivp hundred Bills to carry ft. thousand Pounds as aforesaid, as shall be made forth and issued in pursuance of this Act, shall respfec ptrcenr. ime

trvely be made to bear or carry an interest at the Rate of three Pounds pr Centum per Annum; and all charged on the

such Exchequer Bills, together with the Interest attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged Sinking fund, and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid by or out of such Moneys, as at any Time or Times hereafter shall be or remain in the receipt of the Exchequer, of the said Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus

Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, 'after paying or reserving sufficient to pay the Sum of seven hundred and twenty thousand Pounds; Part of the said Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus moneys, and other revenues composing the Fund, Commonly called The Sinking Futld> by this Act directed to be' issued and applied; and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied as fast as the lame can be regularly Bated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling and discharging such Exchequer bills and Interest, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient be kept and reserved in the Exchequer for that Purpose' '

Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Appropriation Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon' one Act of this Session of of the Supplies. parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a.land Tax, to be raised /// The Moneys Britain, for the Sendee of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; and sir the Relief of the anting by the Inhabitants of certain Plata in the County of Lincoln, in respedi of Arrears of the Land Tax; and lb much Lalld dax' Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session -

Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing 'and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, 'Mum, Malt Tax; Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fftf fve, and lb much Money, it any such be, of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges theredn;

and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied Moneys sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy' and discharge the same; and the Sum of three thousand and qtiicr surn? three hundred forty-one Pounds nineteen Shillings and twopence Farthing remaining in the Exche remaining in the quer, being the Overplus of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ±, xcne<luei> fifty-four, but not applied to the Service of that Year and the Sum of sixteen thousand four hundred ninety four Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny, remaining in the receipt, of the Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Duties on Coals, since the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand hundred and nineteen; and the Sum of nineteen thousand nine hundred twenty-three Pounds -- 'twelve Shillings and nine Pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors; and the Sum of twenty-eight thousand two hundred and one -- vbl. VII 4 £ - Pounds

618 C 22.

and the Lottery Money of 1714 and 1753.

1, 004, 288!, 14s, j d. towards Naval Services.

10, 000h to Greenwich ho 1'pital.

7.0001. towards the Navy Debt.

151, 566l. 18 s. and 8 d. to the Ordnance j

'39>5481- is id. 21l. to the Land Forces; of which (128, 3151. 7s.

11 d, for Guards and Garrisons, C in Great Britain, guernsey and Jersey; 236, 4201. 18 s. 6d. 2r]. for Garrisons, C in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland and Providence. 40, 3501. 15 s. for 2 Regiments raised in America.

7, 338l. 2s. 6d. for Charge of Officers employed in the Expedition to America.

1, 779 1. 7 s, 6d. fc r Charge of Officers attending the Hospital there.

59, 791l. ns.

1 d. to the Out pen sioners of Chelsea Hospital.

47, 000 1. to the reduced Officers of the hand Forces and Maxines.

3, 735). 9s. 7d. to the gentle rmn of Horse Guards, C reduced;

2, ^2 1. to reduced Officers, Widows, o.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1755.

pounds nineteen Shillings and eight Pence, 'remaining in the Receipt of the exchequer, of tile Surplus of the Funds for the Lottery in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen 5 and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer by Contributions for a Lottery granted by. one other Act of this present Session of Parliament, (entitled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of cue million to be raised by a Lottery) and also the Sum of one million four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds by this Act granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby, appropriated for and towards the several Uses and Purposes herein after expressedj (that is toffay) It. is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided; as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one million four thousand two hundred eighty eight pounds fourteen Shillings and ..one Penny, for or towards the naval Services herein after particularly expressedj (that is to say) For or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed j. and for or towards defraying the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers j and for or towards Building, Rebuilding and Repairs of his Majesty's Ships, in the Year one, thousand seven hundred and fifty-five. -, 'u >. '.. bun

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or

Supplies as aforesaid, there shall and may bejffued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money ndt exceeding

ten thousand Pounds, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country., ', j b

XV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all, or any the Aids or

Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum; or Sums, of Money not exceeding seven thousand Pounds, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy. '

XVI. And it is hereby, also enacted by the Authority aforesaid. out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred fifty-one thousand five hundred sixty six Pounds eighteen Shillings and eight Pence, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for. Land Service, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, performed and to be performed; and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for the Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out off all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one million one hundred thirty nine thousand tyve hundred, forty-eight Pounds one Shilling and one Penny Halfpenny, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six hundred twenty-eight thousand three hundred fifteen Pounds seven Shillings and eleven Pence, for defraying the Charge of eighteen thousand eight hundred and fifty seven effective Men, including Commission and non commission Officers, and also one thousand eight hundred and fifteen Invalids, for Guards, Garrisons and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guertfey and Jersey, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five 5 and any, Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred thirty-six thousand four hundred twenty Pounds eighteen Shillings and sixpence Halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons of Neva Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar and Providence, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds and fifteen Shillings, for defraying the Charge of two Regiments of Foot, to be raised for his Majesty's Service in North America, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five j and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding seven thousand three hundred thirty-eight Pounds two Shillings and sixpence, for defraying the Charge of several Officers appointed by his Majesty, to go with the Forces in the Expedition under the Command of major-general brad dock, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five j and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one thousand seven hundred seventy nine Pounds seven Shillings and sixpence, for defraying the Charge of the Officers appointed by his Majesty, to attend the Hospital established for the Service of the Expedition under the Command of major-general Braddock, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five j and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty-nine thousand seven hundred ninety one Pounds twelve Shillings and one Penny, upon account, for out pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fortyyeven thousand Pounds, upon account of half-pay, for the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, subject to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are hereafter prescribed concerning the same; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three thousand seven hundred thirty-five Pounds nine Shillings and seven Pence, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen, of the four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five j and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand five hundred and sixty two Pounds, for paying, of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; which said Sum of two thousand five hundred and sixty two Pounds, shall be issued to such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall, by

8.. Warrant

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo odlavoc Georg id. H;

g..22: 619

Warrant or warrants under his royal Sign Manual, dire and appoint to receive the (ume:, to be by him or them paid over to such Widows of half-pay Officers, or their Assignees, according to such Establishments, Lists or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, and other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty, by such and the like Warrant or Warrants,

shall be graciously pleased to direct and appoint; and any Sunt or Sums of Money, not exceeding sixty 8s.

thousand two hundred fifty-four Pounds and eight Shillings, for defraying the extraordinary Expenses f01' s«yicei of his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred' in the Year one thousand seven hundred curre in '754' and fifty-four, and not provided, for by Parliament; and any Sum. or Sums of Money, not exceeding fro tllc

twenty thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Elector of Ba ° z'aria, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty-two thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to make good his.engagements with the King of Boland, Elector of Saxony, pound

pursuant to Treaty.11s°

XVIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any, die Aids or Supplies provided as, 000, 0001. for aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one jtue^fn£, ns*|je million, upon Account, towards enabling his Majesty to augment his Forces by Sea and Land, and to take an^land. such Measures for the Security of his.dominions, as may be necessary in the present Conjuncture.

XIX. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as afore 4°>4>8l- 73- Sd. said, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty thou fj°ng Vova6 sand four hundred eighteen Pounds seven Shillings and eight Pence, upon Account, for supporting and Scotia, maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand nine hundred>957 10 s. for

fifty seven Pounds and ten Shillings, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establish avii5ert\b!ifa aient of his Majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expenses attending the same, from the ment of twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, to the twenty-fourth Day of Georgia.

'June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten briu^'vortv thousand Pounds, to be employed in maintaining and supporting the British. Forts and Settlements upon con the the Coast of Africa; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six thousand Pounds, towards Coart of Africa, the Expenses incurred in building a Fort at Annamaboe; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceed b^ingtlfort ing six thousand Pounds, towards laying out, making and keeping in Repair a Road proper for the at Anamaboe. Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City of Carlisle to the Town of jjewcastle upon Tyne; and any 6>°^?1' toljard.s Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three thousand Pounds, to be paid to Thomas Stephens, as a Re from^ariifle to ward for discovering his Method: of making Pot ah introducing, that Manufacture into the British Newcastle. Plantations in America. a. hr: '.I V: i-lrre: Vs i, 3, cool. totho

XX. And if is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids and Supplies

provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, other the Method of than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, lor for the several Deficiencies or other Payments dw making Pot ah. reeled to be satisfied thereout, by any Act or adis, or any particular Glause or, Clauses for that Purpose hiap pited\o°no contained in any other Act of Acts of tlfis present Session of Parliament, b/1/1 '. _> ^. 1 other uses.

XXI. And as to the said Sum of fohy seven thousand. Pounds by this'>adiiaripr0pri ate.d on Account rujc. to heob. of half-pay as aforesaid; is hereby erradled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules ft "ved in the herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the' Application of the said xhalf pay; that js to say, Application of That no Person hall have or receive any. Part of the same, who was.a Minor, and under the age the Half paj1, of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company, Jit which he served, was reducedj Sa 19 Ga. z. that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service. C 9

in forne Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or imploymer.t of Profit Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive, 'any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who.has any Ecclesiastical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive' any Part of the same, who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; no Part, of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant of Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in' Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty seventh Year of his 7 Geo. i. e. Majesty's Reign (entitled. An Vc? for granting to his Majesty a certain sum.off Money therein mentioned

out of the Sinking Fund, and applying certain Surplus Moneys remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty fotir; and for the further difppfition of the Sinking Fund, '

by paying the reout the Remainder of the Sum advanced on the Credit of the Duty on Szveets, and the Interest thereof; and for carrying the aid Duty to the said Fund; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this session of Parliament; the several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as

is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes therein expressed amongst which, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty-five thousand Pounds, \yas ap propriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject northeast

vertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid;

Act were prescribed in that Behalf: 'Now it is herebyrprovided, enacted and declared by the Authority Application of

aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of fifty-five thousand Pounds, as is or shall be more than suffi the Surplus of cient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said Act to be observed in irti ! the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and maybe disposed of to such Officers who are to the Payment' maimed or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as by reason of their long Service or other of re&'uc

K

wise,

620 C 23. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1755.

wise, his Majesty shall judge to be properobjeds of Charity; or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act, or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding' '

CAP. XXIII

An Act to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, to hold a Market within the said Parish, not interfering with the high Street in the said Borough.

PR.

WHEREAS * Market hath for a long Trad of Time been held in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, by virtue of a Royal Charter granted to the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of London, by King Edward the Sixth, and continued and made perpetual by an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for erecting a Judicature to deter

Differences touching Houses burnt and demolished by the late dreadful Fire in Southwark: And whereas by the humble Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, it hath been represented. That the said Market now held in the common Street,

which is a great thoroughfare for all Carriages and Cattle, continually passing to and from the Counties of Kent, Surry and Sussex, is become a Nuisance by Means of the great Number of Carts, Stalls and Stands, placed and setup in and about the same, and therefore pfaying for Leave to give up the said Market, and the Profits arising thereby, for the Convenience and Accommodation of the Pub:

: Geo. C 9. 4 lick: And whereas by an Act made and passed in this present Session of Parliament, in Consequence of such Petition, entitled, An act to prevent the holding of any. Market for the future in the high Street of the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry; it is enacted, That from and after the twenty

Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty ffix, no Market whatsoever shall be kept or held in the said high Street of the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry: And whereas it is necessary for the Benefit and Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Southwark, and the neighbouring Towns and Villages, that a Market Should be still continued as near as conveniently may be to the Place where it is. now held, and the Church ' wardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Saviour, within the said Borough, are desirous to ered, hold and maintain such Market, and have found out a convenient Place for that Purpose, near the present Market, within the said Parish of Saint Saviour; to wit, a Piece

of Ground in which is contained a Spot called The Triangle, abutting on a Place called the Turnstile, on the Backside of Three Crown Court Eastward, on Fowls Lane, and Buildings in Rochester Yard and

Lane Northward, and towards deadman's Place Wefhvard: But whereas such new Market can not be erected, held and maintained, nor many Difficulties be removed which may arise in the Purchase of the Ground, Houses and other Buildings, that shall be found necessary to be made use of for that Purpose, by reason of legal Disabilities, which the Owners or Occupiers thereof may be under to dispose of the same; all which cannot be done and effectually carried into Execution, other wise than by the Aid and Authority of Parliament; 'May it therefore please your Majesty, at the Prayer of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, that it may be enacted, (Ac.

"Commissioners: appointed to set out the Scitc of the Market 1 Purchase thereof to be afterwards made by the Parish. Right of holding the Market and Tolls, &c. vested in the Churchwardens and in- habitants. No Provisions, &c. to be sold without Licence within 1000 Yards of the bounds of the Market, Hay and Straw excepted. Penalty 9l. Justices may mitigate Penalties. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter sessions, &c. - Proceedings not removable by Certiorari. Persons in "in Lands, &c. set out for the Site of the Market, empowered to sell the same. Persons "or refusing to treat. Notice to be given them that the Value will be settled by a Jury.

Jury to assess the Recompense on Oath. Verdict to be recorded, &c. Upon Payment of the Purchase money. Conveyance to be executed. Where the Title can't be made good, &c. Purchase "to be paid into the Bank, and Receipt to be given for the same; and to be entered on re- cord. Lands afterwards to veil in Parishioners - subject to the Uses the Lands were 14 limited to After Payment, Lands may be. converted into a Market. 6, 0001. may be raised for

making necessary Purchases, and building the Market; or the Ground maybe let out on building

Leases. Money borrowed may be raised by Annuities, not exceeding Si. percent. Annuities not to exceed 480l. per Annum, to be paid quarterly. Names of Annuitants, and Sums paid, to be en- tered in Books. Annuities to be for Lives of the Persons nominated by Contributors, and to be Tax free. Receipts to be given to Contributors, and Order for Payment of Annuities. Annuities maybe assigned.' Annuities payable out of the Rents, &c. of the Adarket. Deficiencies to be made

anl goodbye a Rate. Payment of such Rates gives no Settlement. Market, &c. vested in Church

igw.s.kai. "wardens and Parish, in Trust for the Uses herein declared Public Act."

021

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 24, 25.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose

AS diverse Persons who on Account of their Offices, Places, Employments or Professions, or any other Cause or Occasion, ought to have taken and subscribed the Oaths or the assurance respectively appointed to be by such Persons, in and by an Act made in the first Year of i Geo. > C 13.

the Reign of his late Majesty King George, of glorious Memory (entitled, An Act for the further 6 Security of his Majesty's P erf on and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, C and his open and secret Abettors) or to have qualified themselves according to an Act made in the their teenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (entitled, An Act for the well governing and 13 Car. 2. C r.

regulating Corporations) or to have qualified themselves according to another Act made in the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled. An Act for the preventing Dangers 15 Car. 2. C 2, f which ?nay' happen from Popijl? Recusants) by receiving the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, accord ing to the Usage of the Church of England., and making and subscribing the Declaration against Tran

substantiation therein mentioned, have through Ignorance of the Law, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, omitted to take and subscribe the said Oaths and Assurance, or otherwise to qualify them

as aforesaid, within such Time, and in such Manner, as in and by the said Acts respectively by any other Act of Parliament in that Behalf made and provided, is required, whereby they

may be in Danger of incurring diverse Penalties and Disabilities; 'For quieting the Minds of his Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any Inconveniences that might otherwise happen by Means of such Omissions; it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall on or before the twenty Further Time eighth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, take and subscribe the said Oaths foi^vho°have and Assurance respectivelyin such Cases wherein by Law the said Oaths or Assurance ought to have omktedto qua been taken or subscribed, in such Manner and Form, and such Place and Places, as are appointed in Xify themselvei. and by the said Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made and provided, and also to receive the Sacrament of the lord's Supper according to the Usage of the Church of England, and to make and subscribe the said Declaration against Transubstantiation, in such Cases wherein the said Sacrament ought to have been received, and the said Declaration ought to have been made and subscribed, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Disabilities incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of any former Neglect or Omission of taking or subscribing the said Oaths or Assurance, or receiving the Sacrament, or making or subscribing the said Declaration respectively, according to the abovementioned Acts, or any of them, or any other Act or Acts concerning Persons in Offices or Places of Trust; and is and are, and shall be, fully and Persons quatlfy actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition as such Person or Persons were be ill? 'vitlli{? fore such Neglect or Omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her or themselves, according to the abovementioned Acts, and every of them; and that all Acts done or to be done by any such Person or Persons, or by Authority derived from him or them, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity as the same, or any of them would have been, if such Person or Persons had taken the said Oaths or Assurance, and received the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, and made and subscribed the said Declaration respectively, according to the Direction of the said Acts, and every of them; and that such Person or Persons qualifying themselves in Manner and within the Time appointed by this Act, shall be to all Intents and Purposes as effectual as if such Person or Persons had respectively taken the said Oaths and Assurance, and received the Sacrament, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, within the Time and in the Manner appointed by the several Acts before mentioned.

II. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be con non e to erect rued to extend, to restore or entitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employment, Benefice, sradyavome? Matter or Thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by Judgement of an; of his Majesty's Courts of or filled up. Record, or already filled up or enjoyed by any other Person; but such Office, Employment, Benefice,

Matter or Thing so voided, or filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or are now entitled to the same, as if this Act had never keen made.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for continuing an Act, intituled, An Act for encouraging the making of Indico in the

British Plantations in America.

WHEREAS the Law for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations naine

America, is found to be very useful and beneficial to the Public, and is so near expiring, that it is fit it should be continued be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and

with

622

it Geo. i. C

Continued to March 1763,

C 26 -- 35. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1755.

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present 30, Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the making of Indico in the British in America, which was to continue in Force for seven \ from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the High Bridge in the Town of Ramsay, in the County of Huntingdon, through King's Ripton, to the Welt End of Saint Peter's Lane, in the Parish of Saint John, within the Borough of Huntingdon.

PR.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for explaining, amending and making more effectual several Acts of Parliament relating to the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and for better paving, preserving and cleansing the Streets, Squares, Lanes and Alleys in the said Town, and preventing Obstructions therein; and for preserving the Lamps, which shall be setup to enlighten the Streets of the said Town, and securing the Property of such Lamps to the Owners.

PR.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton in the County of Surry, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid through Cheam, and over Hoivell Hill to Ewell; and also the Road from tad worth by the Wind Mill, to the Bottom of Pebble hill. in the said County.

PR.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth of a Penny sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glasgow, and for extending the same over the Villages of Gorbels and Port Glasgow, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages,

PR.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to continue and render more effectual two Acts of Parliament passed in the sixth and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Bigleswade, in the County of Bedford; and for repairing the Roads from the North End of the said Roads to the toll gate at the North End of the said Town of Bigleswade.

PR.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for repairing and widening the several 'roads therein mentioned, leading to, through and from the Town of Monmouth.

PR.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for establishing, maintaining and well governing a Nightly Watch within the City of Bristol.

P R

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for repairing the Road from the North End of brown's Lane, in Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, through Kimbolton and Higham Ferrers, to the Way Poll near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in Kimbolton, to the Way Poll in Great Catworth Field, near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon.

PR.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for erecting and building a new Chapel in the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford.

PR.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for repairing the Road from a certain Place in Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, through war boys, Old Hurfi, Saint Ives, Hilton, Eltifiey, Warefiey, Gamlingay and Potion, to a House called the Spread Eagle in Stratton, within the several Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge and Bedford.

PR.

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 36-46.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts for repairing the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and the Town of Cambridge; for repairing the Road from Foulmirj to Cambridge; and for repairing other ruinous Parts of the Highways adjacent to the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge.

PR.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for the better enlightening and cleansing the open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages and Courts, within the Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, London and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish.

PR.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Borough of Dunheved, otherwise laun eejlbn, and Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen., in the County of Cornwall.

PR.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the high Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh, and from Crammond Bridge to the Town of queen's Ferry, in the County of Linlithgow; and for making the said Act more effectual.

PR.

CAP. XL

An Act for repairing and widening tbs Road from the Town of Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the City of Coventry.

PR.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for enlightening the Streets and Lanes, and regulating the Pavements, in the Town of Leeds in the County of York.

PR.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Mile stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County, and for widening the said Roads; and also for repairing and widening the Roads leading From the End of Culham Bridge, next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge, next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and from the Mayor's Stone, at the End of the Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County.

PR.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for establishing and maintaining a Ferry across the River Thames, between the Hamlet of rat cliffin the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Rotherhithe, in the County of Surry.

PR.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Basingfoke, through Worth, Overton, Whitchurch, Hurjborn Pryors, Andover and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of Winterfow, in the County of Wilts.

PR.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horsham, in the County of Sussex, through Capell, Dorking, Mickleham and Leatherhead, to the watch house in Ebbisham, in the County of Surryj and from Capell to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surry. P R,

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and from the Guide Post, in the Village of Adderbury, in the same County, through Kidlington, to the mile way leading towards the City of Oxford; and also the Road leading from a Place called the Two Mile Tree, near the City of Oxford, over Gosford, otherwise gcf fard Bridge, to a certain Gate entering upon Westn on the Green, in the said County. PR.'

624 C 47-57. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1755.

CAP. XL VII

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from The Hand and Post, at the Top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Halford Bridge, in the County of Warwick; and also the Road from The Cross Hands on Salford Hill, to The Hand and Post, in the parish of Dowdeswell, in the County of Gloucester.

PR.

CAP. XL VIII

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, lying within the Borough of droit wieh, in the County of Worcester, or leading from the said Borough, to the several Places therein mentioned, in the said County.

PR.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Chudleigh Bridge, in the Parish of Hennock, in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of ashburton, to Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the said County.

PR.

CAP. L

ft

An Act for amending and widening the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the County of York, to a Place called Bluebell, near Colne, in the County, of Lancaster, and from a Place called the Two Laws, to Kighley, in the said County of York.

PR.

CAP. LI.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge, through Balderjhy, to Baldersby Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, in the Way to Ripon, and through Ainderby jjpuernboio and Nojlerfield, by well flajloes Gate, to Masham, in the County of York; and likewise for removing the toll house and turnpike gates at Bujby Stobb, in the said County, to some other convenient Place in the Road leading from Borough Bridge to the City of Durham.

PR.

CAP. LII.

An Act for amending, altering, continuing and making more effectual two Acts of Parliament made in the second and seventeenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads from Coleshill, in the County of Warwick, through the City of Litchfield, to Stone, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the City of Chester, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for enlarging the Term and Powers in the said several Acts.

PR.

Cap. Lin.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, to Burnley, in the County of Lancaster. P R,

CAP. LIV.

An Act to enable the Reverend William Markham, Doctor of Laws, and Thomas Salter, Esquire, to build Houses, and open a Square in and upon a certain Piece of Ground called dean's Yard, Westminster, and several Pieces of Ground contiguous thereto.

PR.

CAP. LV.

An Act for building a Bridge over the Water or Haven, between the Town of Sandwich, and the opposite

Shore, in the County of Kent.

PR.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of the Holy Trinity in guljeford, in the County of Surry, to sell diverse Houses, Lands, Rents and Annuities in the said. Parish, and in Stoke, next Guldeford aforesaid; and to apply the Money arising by Sale thereof towards rebuilding their Parish Church, and for other Purposes therein mentioned,

PR.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to Tooting, and from Ewell, to king/lon upon Thames, and Thames Ditton, in the County of Surry.

C. 8-6o. 625

A.D. 1755. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called the White Smithy, 'in the Township of Crumjpfal, to the Town of Rochdale, and from the said Place called the White Smithy, by a Place called Bejjes of the Barn, to the Town of Bury, and from the hid Place called Befit of the Barn, to Radcliffe Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

PR.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for repairing, widening and amending the Road from Cocking End, near amingham, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Ktldivick, to Black Lane End, in the County Palatine of lan caster.

PR.

CAP. LX.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Otlcy, Skipton, Colne, Burnley and Blackburn, to Burfemgh Bridge in Walton, in the County of Lancaster, and from Skipton, through gi/burn and Clitheroe, to Preston, in the said County of Lancaster.

PR.

Anno Regni vicesimo nono GEORGII II.

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the thirty first Day of May, Anno Dom.

one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of our

Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and

Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the thirteenth Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, being the third Session 4. of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perrys for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and for the Relief of the Inhabitants of the City and County of the City of Lincoln, in respect of Arrears of the Land Tax. EXP. At 4 s. in the Pound.

CAP. III.

An Act for p uni filing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. IV.

An act for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines.

WHEREAS for recruiting his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines it is necessary that anew Supply of Men be forthwith raised within the Kingdom of Great Britain, by common Consent and Grant in parliament be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within and throughout the several A Levy of awe and respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Parishes, Towns uuu nr^and Places of Great Britain, a speedy and effectual Levy of able-bodied Men to serve his Majesty as '

Soldiers shall be forthwith had, made, practised and put in Execution, according to the Rules and

Directions of this present Act.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace of every County, Shire, Stew justrees, Com

artry. Riding, Liberty or Place within Great Britain, and all and every the Persons who were named, f nit

or otherwise appointed to be Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament made and magistrate/o# passed at Westminster in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act Burghs, to.put for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Laud Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year this act in Ew* J Vol. VII J - 4l 7. C "

C 4.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

one thousand J, seven hundred and fifty-five \ and for the Relief of the Inhabitants of the County of Lincoln, in respect of Arrears of the Land Tax., or any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, within the several and respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places therein particularly expressed, who are still living, and have duly qualified themselves according to the said Acts, or shall duly qualify themselves according to this present Act in that Behalf, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, within and for the same Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places of Great Britain, for which they were so named or appointed respectively; and that all and every the other Persons who are named or otherwise appointed to be of for putting in Execution an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be rafied in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and for the Relief of the Inhabitants of the City and County of ike City of Lincoln, in rjpetl of Arrears of the Land Tax, within or for the said Counties, Shires, stew artrics. Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places, or any of them respectively, or such of the Persons last mentioned, as shall also duly qualify themselves according to this Act in that Behalf, shall also be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, within and for the same respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, cinque ports, Towns and Places of Great Britain for which they are so named or appointed respectively j and that all and every the Justices of the Peace and Magistrates of Corporations and Burghs in any Part of Great Britain., who are or shall be in any of his Majesty's Commissions of the Peace, or in the Magistracy of such Corporation or Burgh, at any Time during the Execution of this Act, who shall duly qualify themselves according to this present Act in that Behalf (although not spec: ally named or appointed Commissioners by the said Act) shall be likewise Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and all the Powers therein contained, within the Limits of their commissions and Jurisdictions respectively; which Commissioners by this Act intruded with the Execution of the same, are hereby ilridlly enjoined and required to use their utmost Care and Diligence that his Majesty's Service, in making such Levies as aforesaid, be not disappointed or neglected.

High Sheriffs,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the High Sheriff of every County, from the Secre 6 or his deputy, immediately upon receiving Notice for that Purpose from the Secretary at War, 'shall send taryat War, to Precepts to their respective Bailiffs, or others who are usually employed to summon Juries, directing them issue Precepts for to summon the several Justices of the Peace and Commissioners of the Land Tax within their respective c^missioners6 eivisions, to attend at the usual Place of meeting in every Division upon a certain Day in the said pre tomeet. cepts named, within the Time limited by the Secretary at War (Notice of which Day shall be font to notice of the the War Office upon the issuing of the Precepts by the Sheriff') to qualify themselves for the Execution ^'l°sent'to'he °*" Act 5 anc the Paid Commissioners shall then and there appoint the several Times and Places for War Office! Ue the succeeding Meetings in each of their respective sub divisions during the Continuance of this Adlj Commissioners and the said Justices of the Peace and Commissioners of the Land Tax shall at such Meeting issue their to issue Precepts Precepts to the High Constables, Headboroughs or other proper Officers for the respective Hundreds, habies^&c n" Bathes, Rapes, Wapentakes or other sub divisions within the said Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ri'dings or Divisions as aforesaid 5 which Precept shall contain an Account of the Times and Places appointed for the succeeding Meetings, and shall be returnable on a Day therein to be named within twenty Days, and not lefts than fourteen Days, from the Time of issuing thereof; and such High c011-, stables, Headboroughs or other proper Officers are hereby required forthwith to signify the Times and Places appointed for such Meetings, to the several Commissioners redding within their respective Diet'd give Notice stridls; and the said Commissioners assembled at such hi ll Meeting to qualify themselves as aforesaid, all also Sive Notice of the Time and Place of all and every succeeding Meeting to be appointed as 1 ' aforesaid, to such military Officer or Officers as shall be directed to attend this Service, who shall demand the same.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all reasonable Charges or Expenses incurred by any Sheriff or Deputy Sheriff in the Execution of this Act, shall be allowed in the Accounts of such Sheriff at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace for the CI

- ot London and Westmhfier in their Quarter sessions, together with such Commissioners for the said

Wftjminiier, to Cities as may be present at the said Quarter sessions, shall and may set down and appoint the several Quar^ sef lines ar, d L'laces of Meeting of the said Commissioners within the said Cities respectively, provided tions, c&c.c" there be not more than three Meetings appointed on one Day within each of the ftaicj Cities', nor more Notice to be gi than two Days in one Week; of which Meetings the respective Clerks of the Peace for the said Cities vert to the Ad fltpl] give timely Notice to the Admiralty and Office of his Majesty's Secretary at War, in order

attend.

Sheriffs to be allowed the Expenses.

Times, cof Meeting for London and

miralty ard he cveuiy at War.

T hree Corairuf

that the said Commissioners may be attended by proper Officers for receiving such imprefied Men as aforesaid.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or en eftojcttfueh any three or more of them, in their respective Places or Stations, shall be and are hereby authorised Men ns ate heir and empowered to raise and levy, and to cause to be raised and levied, at any Time or Times during the in described; Continuance of this Act, within their several Limits and Jurisdictions, such able-bodied Men as do not follow or exercise any lawful Calling or Employment, or have not some other lawful and sufficient sup ard to call in the port and Maintenance, to serve his Majesty as Soldiers; and to require and command all and every Pa" le Constables, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Petty Constables, Headboroughs and

Office's own Tithingmen, and other Parish and Town Officers, or any of them within their respective Unfits and Jurisdictions, to be aiding and affilling to them the said Commissioners, or any three or more of

them.

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 4. 627

them, in the Performance of this his Majesty's Service; and for that Purpose the said Commissioners, and mcetin their or any three of them, are to meet in their respective Subdivisions according to the Appointment of ^a^gene the Justices and Commissioners as aforesaid, and to issue out their Warrants under their Hands and, ai sarcii w«r seals, thereby requiring and commanding such Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Petty Con rant. c, r (tables, Headboroughs, Tithingmen or other Pariflr or Town Officers, or else requiring and command [hedokpmk'n. ing the said High Constables to ifiiie their Precepts to such Churchwardens, Overseers, Petty Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen and other Parish and Town Officers as aforesaid, every or any of them, to make or cause to be made a General Search within their respective Parities, town ships, Constablewicks or other Places, for all such Persons as they can find, who are or shall appear to them to be within the Description of this Act, and to bring all such Persons before the cominif sioners, who have Power to execute this act, in and for such County, Shire, Stewartry, Riding or Division, at such Time and Place as (Irait have been appointed by the Justices and Commissioners. aforesaid for the second Meeting of the said Commissioners in their respective sub divisions, which Time and Place shall be prefixed in the said Warrants and Precepts respectively; afterwards the said Commissioners within their respective Limits and Divisions shall meet at such convenient Time or Times as they shall think fit, in order to issue their like Warrants or Precepts for making General Searches for Persons within the said Description, and for bringing them before the cotnmif sioners at any future Times and Places appointed by the Justices and Commissioners as aforesaid, during the Continuance of this ah

VII. Provided always, That in case the second Meeting appointed to be held in any sub division, jm'1? fe<ioni1

shall be at so great a Distance of Time as may render it inconvenient to issue Warrants for bring distantf coming Persons before such Commissioners at the second Meeting, then the Commissioners of such Sub missioner in division respectively may adjourn themselves to some convenient Day, previous to such second Meet heir sub divi ing, in order to issue their Warrants as aforesaid. Joumufa pre

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the vious Day.

Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Constables, Headboroughs, Tithingmen and other Officers of After such fe any Parish or Township, or any of them, at any Time after the said second Meeting of the said c°nd Meeting, Commissioners, without tarrying for any such Warrant or Precept as aforesaid, to search for, a p p re - cers'm ay secure hend and secure all or any such Persons as they or any of them shall find, or shall appear to them such Persons as or any of them to be within the Description of this Act, and to convey them before the Commis come within the

sioners at their next Meeting for lifting of Soldiers, to be exaimined, and (if judged within the De ^veythembe*

feription of this Act to be lifted, and delivered into his Majesty's Service, according to the true fore commis intent and Meaning hereof. sioners.

IX. And be it turther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for executing Commissioners

this act, who shall attend this Service at the Place or Places for lifting Soldiers as aforesaid, shall per "nne the strictly examine the Persons who shall be brought before them by the said Churchwardens, Over ron seers, Constables, Headboroughs, Tithingmen or other Parish or Town Officers as aforesaid; and in and "fund case the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, upon Examination of the per the Tonnes so brought before them, shall find that such Persons shall come within the Descriptions '

herein mentioned, and the said Commissioners, and the Officer or Officers who shall be appointed

to receive the impressed Men, shall judge them to be such as are hereby intended to be entertained as Soldiers in his Majesty's Service; then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall cause such to deliver them Persons to be delivered over by the said Churchwardens, Overseers, Constables, Headboroughs, Titli over to the mfli ingmen or other Parish or Town Officers, to such Officers or Persons as shall be appointed to re tu y?: icers > ceive such Recruits as aforesaid, such Officers or Persons giving a Receipt under their Hands, ac officers to give knowledging what Men are so delivered to him or them; which Receipt thee are hereby required Receipts; to give.

X. And be it further enacted, That the respeislive Officers who shall receive such new raised Men,

shall pay to the Officers of the Parish or Town so employed in the raising such Men, for theirj orevery Pains and Services therein, twenty Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain for every Man so Man; and to raised; shall also pay for every such new raised Man, who shall have a Wife or Family, any ld ar

Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, of lawful Money of Great Britain, cedingo$7 into the Hands of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Township in which nor left titan; s. such new raised Man shall have gained a Settlement, and whose Wife or Family may become charge^"rcic J^ "pj!, ve able to such Parish or Township respectively; which Sum shall be settled by the Commissioners pre miiy*"'"

Cent at the Meeting when such Person shall be infilled, or any three or more of them, Regard being as shall befettled had to the Number of Children, or other particular Circumstances of such Person so infilled; and ^ont"resvoaillilt' the Sum of sixpence per Diem for keeping every such new raised Man, who shall be delivered as a, d 6d.'per aforesaid, according to the Number of Days that the Officers of the said Parish or Town shall have Diem to the pa kept him in Custody, pursuant to the Powers granted by this Act, until such Delivery; the said Allowances, in case of Dispute, to be ascertained and distributed to or amongst the said Church they shall have wardens, Overseers, Constables, Headboroughs, Tithingmen and such other Parish or Town Officers, kept him. or any of them, according to the Judgement and Discretion of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present _

XI. Provided always, That no Person shall be enlisted by the said Commissioners by virtue of this awe bodiecl at, who is not such an able-bodied Man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from Rup Men only to be tures, and every other Distemper or bodily Weakness or Infirmity, which may render him unfit to infixed; perform the Duty of a Soldier, and that no Man be enlisted for his Majesty's Service by V irtue of

this ai51, who shall appear in the Opinion of the Commissioners or Officer or Officers appointed

628 C 4. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

and none under to receive the impressed Men, to be under the Age of seventeen Years, or above the Age of forty 17, nor above 45 five Years, or a known Papist, or who shall be under the Size of five Feet four Inches without

Years otage, nor q, 3 r 7

Papists, nor who oiioes. t r .'

are under Feet

XII. And it is hereby enacted and ftrieily enjoined by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabit inches. ants Gf evciy Parish and Townillip where any Persons described as aforesaid do abide, or are to be Ail Inhabitants found, at the Instance of any one or more of the Commissioners appointed for the Execution of to be this Act, or of any Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor or Constable of the same Parish or Township,

shall (not having a lawful or reasonable Excuse to the contrary) be aiding and assisting in the

Furtherance of his Majesty's Service by this at described.

Clerks to be ap

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to Commissioner* ani fr the Paid Commissioners at their first General Meeting assembled, to appoint a Clerk to a't their firii 3 attend them then and at each of their subsequent Meetings; and for the Commissioners of the feve meeting. pal sub divisions to appoint a Clerk to attend them at their respective Meetings in each sub divi

poimedfor the" ion wherein Soldiers are to be lifted as aforesaid; and such respective Clerks, as a Reward for their

sub divisions. Labour and Pains in the Execution of this Act, shall be entitled to, and shall receive for every Man To be paid by who shall be lifted in pursuance of this act, at the Meetings whereon they shall respectively attend, for every Man' the Sum of two Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the relpeblive Officer in listed. who shall receive such new raised Men respectively.

The second and

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or such sixth Articles of of them as shall be present at such Meeting for lifting of Soldiers as aforesaid, shall cause the fe war to be read tond and sixth Sebtions of the Articles of War again! Mutiny and Desertion, to be read to such

men!wraie new raised Men in the Presence of the said Commissioners then there; and the said Commissioners,

Names of the or the major Part of them present, shall forthwith cause an Entry or Memorial to be made in a

Book or Books to be kept by them or their Clerks for that Purpose of the Names of such new

crcato be enter missed Men, and of the rarilhes or Places of their last Abode (if they can be known) and of the CD in a took. Time and Place when and where such Men were delivered to the said Officers or Persons appointed to receive them, and the Names of the Officers or Persons who received them, and for what Rc

attertedcopy to giment or Company they were so received, and the Sums paid; and shall cause true Copies or Du

with^iodays pl cates of such Entries, attested by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them then pre to the Admiralty lent, within forty Days after the delivering such Men as aforesaid, to be transmitted into the Admi

or War office, ralty, or Office of his Majesty's Secretary at War for the Time being, to be compared with the

?0yenatyof Muster Roll; and every Clerk, for every Neglect or Default in not transmitting the said Copies or Duplicates of such Entries to the Admiralty, or Office of the Secretary at War as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and slic ccflors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in

some of the Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Court of Sections in Scotland, and it is hereby

Commencement declared, That the Pay of every such new raised Man so delivered to the Officers or Persons ap, -

of Soldier's Pay. pointed to receive them as aforesaid, shall commence from the Time of his being taken and secured

After Articles of as aforesaid; and from and after such Delivery as aforesaid, and reading the said Articles of War, fiers dee<med°to every Bcrlon so raised shall be deemed a listed Soldier to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be

be lilted., subject to the Discipline of War, and in case of Desertion shall be proceeded agair.ft as a Deserter

No lilted Person by any Law now in Force, or by any Law to be made for Punishment of Defeiters; and no Perm' the Service f°n f lifted shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's Service by any Process other than for

but Y criminal some criminal Matter.

Matters.^XV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to empower filled till the" t^le Commissioners to enlist any Personas a Soldier, until the several Sums herein direifted to

Sums payable be, paid by the respective Officers appointed to receive such new raised Men, shall be first paid by the Officers to the Person or Persons respectively authorised to receive the same.

are first paid.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer or Officers and other

tm.ymp^cifcd6"person or Persons appointed to attend the said Commissioners, and to receive such impressed Men, Men. shall, in case he or they shall find it necessary - such impressed Men in same secure House or

Place to, be provided by the Justices of the Peace in their Petty or Special Sessions for that Purpose; in case no such House or Place shall be so provided, then in the Gaol of the County, Town or Place where such Man shall be received into his Majesty's Service, or in the House of Correction or other publick Prison of such County, Town or Place, where Debtors are not usually Keeper to be al confined; and the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction or Prison shall receive such imprdfal Ijwed thtirsub men until they can be removed, without Fee or Reward; and such Keeper shall be allowed the usual mu nee Money. Subsistence for such Men, during the Time they shall remain there, from the Officer by whom they Civil Officers, if (halbe delivered as aforesaid; the Constables, Headboroughs and other Civil Officers shall, if i^mir^n'fecube rcclu rec^ l)c a (lifting to such Officer in conveying such Alan or Men to such secure Place, Gaol or ring them, and Correction, and shall be allowed such reasonable Sum or Sums as the major Part of the

; w lie allowed for Commissioners then present shall appoint, to be paid by the Officer or Officers who shall require their Trouble, fuc]j Assistance.

Commissioners

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and mar be nu/ex^edin'"6 to aru' fr Vie said Commissioners, or any tlnee or more of them, to impose upon any High

tol.'or'confia Constable, Overseer, Petty Constable, Headborough, Tithingman or other Parish or bio, &c. for No I own Officer, for every Wilful neglect or Default in the Execution of any Warrant, Order or prc giutl ot Duty, cept, to them or any of them directed in pursuance of this Act, a Fine not exceeding ten Po. nds, and to cause every such Pine to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, rendering the

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

C 4. 629

Overplus (if any.be) to the Owners; and to distribute one. Moiety of the said Fine to reward the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Churchwardens or Overseers, to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatso plrr"?i oh ever shall wilfully do any Act or Thing whereby the Execution of this Act, in the searching for, taking eeut^n of this*" and securing such able-bodied Men as aforesaid, shall be hindered or frustrated, every such Person Act to forfeit shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, to the Use of the Poor of10*

the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; and all and every such Offences maybe inquired Two Justices of, heard and finally determined by: any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace dwell ay L er acting in or near the Place where such Offence shall be committed, who have hereby Power to cause offences the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattles, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owners; and if the Offenders have no Goods and Chattles suffi for want of di cient to anl wer the said Penalty, then to commit him or her to the County Gaol or Ido use of Cor offender redtion, there to remain for the Space of three Months without Bail or Mainprize. ted/corrmut-

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act shall not extend to the taking or Persons who levying any Person to fetve as a Soldier, who shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the com have a Vote in milfionners then present, that he hath any Vote in the Election of any Member or Members to membere ofvai serve in Parliament in any County, City, Borough, Town, Port or Place within the Kingdom offiament, not iia Great Britain. tie to be lifted,

XX. And it is hereby enacted, That no Person who, at the Time of the Execution of this Act, No military Of

shall have any military Office or Employment in Great Britain (other than in the Militia) shall exe ficer may be a cute any power or Authority by this Act given to of as aforesaid. Commissioner.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Plaint, Suit or Limitation of Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for what he or theyaaions shall do in Pursuance or Execution of this Act, the same shall be commenced within three Months

after the Offence committed; and such Person or Persons so sued in any Court whatsoever, shall and may plead the General issue, Not Guilty; and upon any Issue joined may give this Act and the General litue. special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prpfecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer a Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against him, the Defendant shall recover treble Costs; for which they shall have the like Remedy as in any Case where Costs by Treble Cofis, the Lav; are given to Defendants.

XXII. And for the better obviating such Frauds and Abuses as maybe practised in discharging of No Soldier or Soldiers, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no private Soldier who mill Marine to be dif be duly lifted into his Majesty's Service by virtue of this Act (during the Time such Soldier shallste remain in Great Britain) shall be discharged from his Majesty's Service without the Consent of the from hi colo coloneqor in his Absence the Field Officer commanding in Chief the Regiment, tirft had and ob nel> C tained in Writing under their Hands and Seals for that Purpose; in which Writing the Cause of of which a do his Discharge shall be expressed, and a Duplicate or Copy of every such Discharge forthwith trans p!ic3ff? to mined to the Secretary at War, to be by him kept and entered in a Book; or if a Marine, without the toreur/at the Consent of the Lord Pligh Admiral or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being War.

hrft had and obtained; and any Officer that shall presume to discharge any Soldier enlisted purfu Offiserbrafeing ant to this Act, in any ocher Manner, contrary to th s AH, shall for such Offence be cashiered. cashiered/ L

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That every Person who shall be lifted upon infrared Men,

Sendee of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succef after five Years

V if bp thinir sit tn dpnnnf! - bit: Tlifrhrrrop Service, to be

this Act, after lie shall have continued in the military

fors, during the Space of five Years, shall be at Liberty, if he think tit, to demand" his Discharge

from the Colonel, or in his Absence the Officer commanding the Regiment or Company to which they demand it,

he shall belong; and such Discharge shall be granted to him gratis in Writing under the Hand of

gratis m w nting

such Colenel or Officer, who is hereby empowered and required to give the same accordingly; 'I hing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

any

vided tary

Foie

of the Treasury for the Time being, upon Considerauon of the Numbers of Men lifted in the feve rnl Counties, Cities, Boroughs or other Places, and the Pains and Charges of the fevers! Clerks in this Service, shall judge the said Clerks severally and respectively to deserve.

XXV. Provided always, That his Majesty, when he shall be satisfied by the said Returns of the His Majesty may Commissioners, or otherwise, That a sufficient Number of Recruits in the Whole shall be raised for cutionuf ifiis'4* his present Service, may be graciously pleased to suspend or flop the further Execution of this Act, ".a.

by Proclamation or Order in Council, or other publick Notice in the London Gazette; any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commis Persons empioy

gn, Tithingman or other Parish or Town Of

liable, for or b,] reason of such exempta irons

fioner, Churchwarden, overs.er, Constable, Headborou_ ffeer, V ho shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, shall b Execution, to any of the Penalties mentioned in an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign the Faultier of of King Charles the Second, For preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recufunis; or ca; '- - C in one other AH made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, in iw.&m. cs. tituled. An Act for abrogating the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and appointing other Oaths; or in one other AH made in the Parliament held in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reigna; id & w

T. C V

jo

Commissioners in kngund not to act till they t*ken ilie u I is

i & VI C S

nor commissio neis in Scotland tfij* they have qualified as the Laws dire A.

Commissioners in England acting before they kave taken the Oaths, forfeit 200 i.

and of in Scotland 501.

Commissioners for the County at large, may act for any City, C

Qualification of Commissioners for Counties at large within

England.

Pcffons disabled pr. fuming toad, forfeit 5c 1,

Commissioners may atfl for any City, bring in h.m.tan 11.or lnr.avf C

C 4. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii.1l A.D. 1756.

of the late King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Mai iffs person and the Successon of the Crown in the Protefant Line; and for the extinguiftang the Hopes of the pretended Prince oj Wales and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons hereby appointed to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for any County, Riding, City, Borough, Cinque Port or Place of England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed (except such as duly qualified themselves to be Commissioners for executing the said Act for the Land Tax made and passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose) shall be capable in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, of ailing as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, or executing any the Powers of the Commissioners therein mentioned (unless it be the Power hereby given of administering Oaths) until such Time as he or they respectively shall have

taken the Oaths appointed by an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oaths; and also in the said Act, Entitled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and the Succession of the Crown in the Protefant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors, which > Oaths it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of the said Commissioners to administer, and they are hereby required to administer the same to any other of the said Commissioners; and that no Person or pu fons hereby appointed to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for any Part of Scotland (except such as duly qualified themselves according to the Laws of Scotland, to be commissioners there for executing the said Act for the Land Tax made and passed, in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose) shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this present Act in any Part of Scotland, until such Time as he or they respectively shall have duly qualified themselves according to the Laws of Scotland for that Purpose.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person hereby appointed a commissioner for any County, City, Town or Place in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed (except as before excepted) shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, before he shall have taken the said Oaths, which by this Act he is required to take, and in the Manner hereby prescribed, he shall forfeit to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and that if any Person hereby appointed a Commissioner for any Shire, Stewartry, Burgh or Place in Scotland (except as before excepted) shall prefurne to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, before that he shall have qualified himself according to the Laws in Scotland, he shall forfeit to his Majesty the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, in the same Manner as any other Penalties are there recoverable.

XXIX. Provided also, That in case there shall not be a sufficient Number of Commissioners for any City, Borough, Town, Port or Place of Great Britain (for which by this Act Commissioners are specially appointed) capable of acting according to the respective Qualifications required by this Act, then and in every such Case, any the Commissioners appointed for the County, Shire or Stewartry at large, within which such City, Borough, Town or Place doth stand, or which is next adjoining thereto, may act as Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, within such City, Borough, Town, Port or Place; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Actor of any of the Powers therein contained, in or for any County at large, within England, the Dominion of jp ales (the Counties of Anglesey, Merioneth, Cardigan, Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Montgomery, Pembroke, Carnarvon and Monmouth excepted) or in or for any of the Ridings in the County of York, unless such Person, by liiin self or his Tenants or Trustees, was taxed, or did pay in the same County or Riding, for the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum or more of his own Estate, by virtue of the said Act for the Land Tax made and passed in England, in the twenty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, or any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, or unless such Person so appointed to be a commissioner, shall, at the Time of the Execution of this Act, by himself, his Tenants or Trustees, enjoy an Estate of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of the said yearly Value of one hundred Pounds or more, within the said County or Riding respectively; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person intended by this Act to be disabled for any the Causes last mentioned, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers therein contained, every such Person for such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who will info m or llie for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Exchequer of Scotland as aforesaid.

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That no Person who is appointed to be a Commissioners for executing this Act, in any Part of Great Britain, shall be disabled from acting as a Commissioner, within and for any City, Borough, Cinque Port or Town Corporate only, whereof he shall be an Inhabitant at the Time of the Execution of this Actor from acting as a Commissioner within any of the Inns of Court or Inns of Chancery.

'e XXXIII. And

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 5. 631

XXXIII. And whereas same Doubts may arise whether Mayors, Bailiffs, and other chief Magi Mayors, Bail

of Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, and Cinque Ports, for which Commissioners are foe of appointed by virtue of this Act, can aft as Commissioners for executing this Act in the said fpcdaiiyap

Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, and Cinque Ports; 'Be it further enacted by the Authority pointed, aforesaid, That all Mayors, Bailiffs, and other chief Magistrates, who are appointed Commissioners for executing this Act, inail be, and have Power to act as Commissioners for executing this Act, within and for any City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Cinque Port, wherein they inhabit at the Time of executing this Act, as well where Commissioners are specially appointed by this Act, as where they are not.

XXXIV. And it is hereby provided and enacted, That no bailiff's Follower or Assistant, employed bailiff's fci or belonging to any Sheriff, Bailiff' of Liberties, Marshalsea Court, or any other Person or Persons that ie'^ve.resdnot ex shall be lo employed by any one that shall have the Power of executing any Warrant or Process whatso empe ever, shall be deemed thereby to follow or exercise any Calling or Employment, or to have a sufficient Support or Maintenance within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XXXV. And forasmuch as great Inconveniences may happen by impressing Men during the Time of harvest be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Labourers, ha fifteenth. Day of May one thou fare! seven hundred and fifty six, until the fifteenth Day of October ^eniheates following, all Harvest Labourers, and Persons working at Hay Harvest and Corn Harvest Work, ot liable to be within the Time aforesaid, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall not be impressed by virtue of impressed in this Act, but shall be free and exempted from the same during the ime aforesaid, provided they have Harvest lime, a Certificate under the Hands of the Minister, and of one Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor or Elders of the Parish or Place where they live, allowed under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace of the same County, Shire, Stewartry, Ridings City or Place; which Certificate shall be given gratis. '

XXXVI. And for the more easy and better putting this Act in Execution; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any three' or more Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution in Commissioners the several Ridings of the County of York (being Justices of the Peace) though not all of the £'*d'in same Riding, may, within the Castle of York, or Limits thereof, execute the Powers of thisla 'c 0 01 '

Ad.

XXXVII. And whereas diverse Soldiers who have deserted his Majesty's Service, have been harbour ed in a certain Place called threap wood, lying within or near the Counties of Chejhr and Flint, or one of them, and adjoining to the Town of Cuadington in the said County of Chester \ Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar the Commissioners hereby appointed for trie County of Chejhr, and Commissioners the Officers of the said Town of Cuddington, shall execute this Act in the said Place called Th'reapivaod, executing

according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof. Threap wood.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any of the Meetings of officer not at the Commissioners by this Act appointed in any of their sub divisions, they shall not be attended by tending to re some proper Officer appointed for the receiving of Recruits, either through Negligence, or any una "ive Recruits, voidable Accident, then and in that Case it. shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners may adjournj* to adjourn themselves to some other convenient Day; and they are hereby authorised to give Dircc and order the tions for detaining in Custody all such Persons as shall have been then brought before them by the Parish perenftonof the Officers to be enlisted, or such of them as they shall think, duly qualified for his Majesty's Service; and nouceofad"' the said Commissioners shall give Notice to any of the Officers attending on this Service, in the County jdurhment to or Place where such sub divisions shall1 lye, of the Day of such Adjournment, and the said Officer is ]tejiven ic r, n j hereby required, either to attend himself, or to appoint some other Officer to attend such Commission w imssc t" cts, and to receive such Persons as the said Commissioners shall inlifc into his Majesty's Service; and vice, C the Officer so receiving the Recruits shall, pay to such Personas the Commissioners shall appoint. Six L f? pence per Diem, for the Subsistence of every Recruit then enlisted, from the Day of the last Meeting of ney for every the Commissioners, to the said Day of Adjournment, the same to be charged to the Account of the fe Recruit; veral Regiments or Companies into which the said Recruits shall be enlisted, together with such Charges and; nc; denia.j and Expenses as shall appear to the said Commissioners to have been incurred on account of the detain Charges, ing the said Persons, from the Day of the former Meeting of the said Commissioners, to the Day of such second Meeting, not exceeding three Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and everything herein Continuance of contained. Oral] be and continue in force until the End of the next Session' of Parliament, this Act.

CAP. V.

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant Commissions to a certain Number of Foreign pro testants who have served Abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers, in America only, under certain Restrictions and Qualifications.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti Rcfn u

1 tuled. An Act for Naturalising such Foreign prote/lants, and others therein mentioned, as are set C /

or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's Colonies In America; all Persons born out of the Ligeance of20 u 'il'

his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, who have inhabited and resided, or shall inhabit and reiide, for the Space of seven Years, or mere, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, or shall not have been absent out of some of the said Colonies for a longer Space than two Months' at any one Time 4 ' during

632: C 6.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

during the said seven Years, are, upon the Conditions prescrib ed by the said Act, naturalised, and made Partakers of all the Benefits and Privileges which the natural born Subjects of this Realm do other than such as are specified in a Proviso in the said Act contained: And whereas

enjoy.

many

reign pro re 1 uuits, who hz.ve servetl Abroad as Officers and Engineers, receiving the king scom ltiiifions, taking the Oaths,

and producing Certificates of their having received thesacra ment in so.ne Protestant Church, tofei vein America.

Numfeer of Officer not to exceed 50; nor Engineers 2.0 1. Colonel to be a natural born Subject.

Td serve in a merica only $ and when reduced to have half-pay.

See farther C 35. 4in.il Gee. r.25.

Foreigners, being Protestants, have been induced by the Encouragement offered to them by the said Act to reside and settle in some of the said Colonies (and particularly in the Provinces of Maryland and Penfylvaniet) the natural born Subjects of which last mentioned Province do in great Part consist of the People called Quakers, whose Backwardness in their own Defence exposes themselves, and that Part of America, to imminent Danger: And whereas, for the better Defence of the said Colonies, it hath been proposed to raise a Regiment there, confiding of four Battalions of one thousand Men each, and to inlid as Soldiers in the said Regiment any of the said foreign Inhabitants of the said Co ' ionics, who, together with the Natives, shall voluntarily enter themselves in his Majesty's Sendee as Soldiers; which Foreigners cannot so well be raised or trained, without the aftidance of some Officers who are acquainted with their Manners and Language: And whereas it is expedient in the present Juncture ot Affairs, to facilitate the speedy raising of such Regiment, and to enable a certain Number of Foreign Protestants who have served Abroad as Officers, or Engineers, and thereby acquired Ex 4 perience and Knowledge, to serve and receive Pay as Officers in the said Regiment, or as Engineers in america be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Foreign Protedants who shall receive Commissions from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to be Officers in the said Regiment, or to be Engineers, in America (which Commissions it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors to grant) and shall, in some of his Majesty's Colonies in America, take and subscribe the Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the Declaration, appointed by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fird, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majestfs Person and Government, and the Successon of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protcfants; and for ext ingulfing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, his open and secret Abettors; and shall at the Time of the taking and subscribing of the said Oaths, and making, repeating, and subscribing the said Declaration, produce Certificates signed in Manner directed by the said Act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, of their having received the Sacrament in some Protedant and reformed Congregation within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or within fotrie of the said Colonies III America, within six Months before that Time, shall and may be enabled to serve and receive Pay as Officers in the said Regiment, or as Engineers in America.

jfl. Provided nevertheless, That the Number of such Officers in the said Regiment diall not in the whole, at any Time, exceed fifty; nor the Number of Engineers in the whole, at any Time, exceed twenty. -

III. Provided also, That the Colonel of the said Regiment shall be a natural born Subject, and not any Person naturalised or made a Denizen.

IV. Provided also, That no such foreign Officer shall be enabled by this Act to serve as an Officer or Engineer in any Place, except America only; but every such foreign Officer, when he shall be reduced, shall be capable of receiving half-pay, according to the Rank, in which he, shall then serve.

CAP. VI.

An act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

rtfcrtoliga.2. ' WHEREAS it may be necessary for the Safety of this Kingdom, and the Defence of the Possessions of the Crown of Great Britain, that a Body of Marine Forces should be employed in his Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain: And whereas the said Ma 4 line Fore s may frequently be quartered on Shore, where they will not be subject to the Laws reja ting to the Government of his Majesty's Forces by Sea, yet nevertheless it being requisite for the re tabling of such Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed, and that Marines who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert his Majesty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the Law. will allow; 'Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Every Marine present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from anj after the twenty °*cman't*ori'1" ot March one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, if any Person, being entered or in Pay as

Shore, 011 an Officer of Marines, or who is or shall be lifted, or in Pay as a Private Man, in any Company of Marines in his Majesty's Service, and on the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty six shall remain in such Service, or during the Continuance or this Act shall be voluntarily entered and in Pay as a Marine Officer or Private Man in his Majesty's Service, and being ordered or employed in such Service, at any Time during the Continuance of this Action Shore, in any Place who fli.311 muti within the Realm of Great Britain, or in the Kingdom of Ireland, or in any of his Majesty's do ny, or ddert, minions beyond the teas respectively, shall begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition, in C'Company to which lie doth or shall belong, or in any other Company, Troop or Regiment, cither

of Marine or Land Forces in his Majesty's Service, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to fupnrefs the same, or coining to the Knowledge of any such Mutiny, or intended Mutiny, shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his commanding Officer, 'or shall desert his Majesty's Service; or

VA.

I). 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 6. 633

being actually entered as a Marine in any Company, lift himself in any other Company, Tloopor 'n or Regiment, in his Majesty's Service, without first having a Discharge in Writing from the Officer ^rc'erl commanding in Chief the Company in which he last served as a Marine; or shall be found ftecping or shall be upon his Post, or shall leave it before relieved; or shall hold Correspondence with any Rebel, or ene jj0u!ld my of his Majesty, or give them Advice or Intelligence of any Kind, by any Ways or Means, or in poft0<oaoh any Manner whatsoever; shall treat with such Rebels or Enemies, or enter into any Condition with illegal corre them, without his Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or of three or more of the.of for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the o)en^ixfpe. time being; or shall strike or life any Violence against his superior Officer, being in the Execution of or disobey his his Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command of his superior Officer; all and every Person and jj^rj.0l'officer» Persons so offending in any or either of the Matters before mentioned, on Shore, in any Part of this death?or such Kingdom, or Ireland, or any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, shall suffer Death, or such Punishment as other Punishment as by a court-martial shall be inflicted.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may, from time to lordhigh time, during the Continuance of this Act, be lawful to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or three Admiral, cor more of the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the time commimon to being, to grant a Commission under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to any Officer of Marines central in his Majesty's Service, not under the Degree of a Field Officer, for the holding a General court mar courts raartial, tial at any Place or Places on Shore in this Realm, or in Ireland, or in any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas; in every of which court-martial, all or any of the Offences aforesaid, and all or any other of the Offences herein after specified, shall be tried and proceeded against in such Manner, as by this Act is directed.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such court-martial respective court-martial ly, by their Sentence or Judgement, to inflict corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, may infuft cor on any Marine, for Immorality, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty onshore, in any Place or Places four" mm. within this Realm or Ireland, or any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, during the Conti ralities, C nuance of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and ti^admh aky for the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of import red to Lord High Admiral, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, to make and establish Rules and j?, ak (riiicles Articles in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, for the Punishment of Mutiny and otwu^ny andu Desertion, Immorality, Misbehaviour, and Neglect of Duty, in any of his Majesty's Marine Forces, Delation, C while on Shore in any Part of this Realm, or Ireland, or any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the

Seas, and for bringing Offenders against the same to Justice; to erect and constitute court-martial t"tde ccurn' with Power to try, hear and determine, any Crimes or Offences specified in such P, ules and Articles, and martial, inflict Punishments by Sentence or Judgement for the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

V. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be adjudged to suffer any Punishment ex none to be ad

tending to Life or Limb, by the said Rules and Articles, within the Kingdom of Great Britain or Ire judged °n.if« land, except for such Crime or Crimes as is or are expressed to be so punishable by this Act for crimes ex

VI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no General court-martial, which shall have pressed to befo

Power to sit by virtue of this Act, shall consist of a less Number than thirteen, whereof none to be un b>r

der the Degree of a Commission Officer of Marines; and the President of such court-martial shall not genersl court VII

be under the Degree of a Field Officer of Marines, unless where such Field Officer cannot be had, in martial 10 con which Case, the Marine Officer next in Seniority to such Field Officer, not being under the Degree of a fj p1 V an Captain, shall preside at such court-martial; and that such court-martial shall have power and autho pj eivof ° rity, and are hereby required, to administer an Oath to every Witness, in order to the Examination or ficer, or 01 Trial of any of the Offences that shall come before them. ficer next in

VII. Provided always, That in all Trials of Offenders by General court-martial, to be held by under die de virtue of this Act, every Officer present at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, greeof a cap shall take the following Oaths upon the holy Evangelists, before the Court, and Judge Advocate, 'ain; _, or his Deputy (who are hereby authorised to administer the same) in these Words; that is to say, also.utto11

y/itnesses.

1 shall be given in the Matter offices's to bt to be tried

So help you God.

'T Oil shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence which Jhat X now before you, between our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, and the Prisoner i

twom.

AB. do swear. That I will duly administer justice according to an Act of Parliament tfoiv in Force for the Regulation of his Majests Marine Forces while on Shore, and according to the Rules and Articles made in pur fiance of the said Act of Parliament for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein respectively mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or Ajfedtion; and if any Doubt shall arise [which is not explained by the said Act of Parliament, or the said Rules and Articles) according to my Conscience, the left of my under/landing, and the Custom of ive.r in the like Cases. And further fzvear. That will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it ftoallbe approved by the Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the comm ij f oners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain; neither will I upon any Account at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a witness, by a Court of Justice in a due Course of Law.

So help me God.

M

Ajid

Vol. VII

6 34

T, he judge Advocate to be fwcrn.

Iti Sentences of Death, nine Officers to concur, C

Hours of Trial.

The Party tried, in titled to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings.

Proceedings, cof court-martial to be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty, C

None to be tried a fccondtime for the same Offence.

Sentence not to be rcvised more than once.

Deserters beyond Sea, C may be tried here or in Ireland.

This Act not to exempt any on Shore from Process.

Persons tried by the Civil magi strate may only be cashiered by a court-martial.

Persons accused of capital Climes, C to be delivered over to the Civil Magistrate, CC

6. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

And so soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective, Members, thepresident of the Court is hereby authorised and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, an Oath in the following Words

ABDO swear, That I will not upon any Account at any Time whatsoever disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a witness, by a Court of justice in a due Course of Law:

So help me God.

And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender by any such General court-martial as aforesaid, unless nine Officers present shall concur therein; and if there be more Officers present than thirteen, then the Judgement shall pass by the Concurrence of two Thirds of the Officers present j and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence, but between the Hours of eight of the Clock in the Morning and three in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example.

VIII. Provided always, That the Party tried by any General court-martial to be held as aforesaid, shall be entitled to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings of such court-martial, upen Demand thereof made by himself, or by any other Person or Persons on his Behalf (he or they paying reasonably for the same) at any Time not sooner than three Months after such Sentence, whether such Sentence be approved or not; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every judge Advocate, or Person officiating as such at any General court-martial to be held as aforesaid, do, and he is hereby required to transmit, with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of Time and Distance of Place can admit, the original Proceedings and Sentence of such court-martial to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being; which original Proceedings and Sentence shall be by him carefully kept and preserved in the Office of the Admiralty of Great Britain, to the End that the Persons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Application to the said Office, to obtain Copies thereof according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

X Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enabled, That no.marine, either Officer or private Man, being acquitted or convicted of any Offence at any such court-martial as aforesaid, shall be liable to be tried a second time by the same or any other court-martial for the same Offence; and that no Sentence given by any court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, be liable to be revised more than once.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or private Man shall desert his Majesty's Service in any of his Dominions beyond the Seas, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, and shall escape and come into this Realm or Ireland, before he be tried by a court-martial for such Offence, and shall be apprehended for the same; such Officer or private Man shall be tried for the same as if the said Offence had been committed within this Realm.

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to exempt any Marine, either Officer or private Man, whatsoever, while on Shore, from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons being acquitted or convicted of any capital Crimes, Violences or Offences by the Civil Magistrate, shall be liable to be punished by a court-martial for the same, otherwise than by cashiering.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Marine Officer, non commission Officer or private Man shall be accused of any capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Person, Estate or Property of any of his Majesty's Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of the Land; the Commanding Officer or Officers of every Company or Party is and are hereby required to use his and their utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate; shall also be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trial; and if any such Commanding Officer shall wilfully neg lebl or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over any such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the apprehending such Offender; every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the Peace for the County where the Fabl is committed, by the Oath of two credible Witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso faffo cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty's Service; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter sessions of the Peace for the said County, and a Certificate thereof transmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

XV. And whereas his Majesty hath been graciously pleased, in Compassion to the distressed Condition of several Widows of Officers of the Army, who have lost their Lives in the Service of the late War, or during the late Rebellion, by Orders made under his Royal Sign Manual, to direct his Commissary General of the Mullers to allow upon the Muller Roils of all the Regiments, Troops and Companies, a Number of iiblitious Names therein mentioned, instead of private Men, in order 1 to raise and settle a Fund for the Maintenance of such Widows of Officers as are or shall be entitled to his Royal bountytherefore for the more effectually fulfilling his Majesty's said gracious Intentions with respect to the allowing of Iiblitious Names upon the Muller Rolls of the said Marine Forces while

on

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii, II C 6. 635

on Shore, for the Purpose aforesaid; Be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That kftitjousx. imcs 'it shall and may be lawful, during the Continuance of this atto and for the said Lord High Admiral, ity's'orc'.lr or three or more of the said Commissioners for. executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the for themainu time being, by Orders in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to direct the Person for ?ance°ff/fi. the time being authorised to pay the said Marine Forces, to pay over the full Pay of such fictitious private notto ie f'n'men, as shall be allowed on the Mutter Rolls of the said Marine Forces while on Shore, as aforesaid, to flruedafalfs the proper Receiver appointed by his Majesty, according to such Orders and Instructions as his Majesty muster shall be pleased to make under his sign Manual for the Purpose aforesaid, and that no Allowance of any Paymasterto such fictitious Name, upon any Mutter Roll of the said Marine Forces while on Shore, as aforesaid, shall pay the full Pay be construed to be a false Muster; anything in this or any former Act contained to the contrary not notwithstanding'*> .' -

And whereas there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of the said Ma constablesj&c,

rine Forces in several Parts of this Kingdom; 'Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That quarter Offer and during the Continuance of this Act, and no longer (in pursuance of an Order or Orders in fn inns^aie" Writing in that Behalf under the Hand of the said- -- Admiral, or under the Hands of three., qr houses, '&c. more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time, being) it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constables Headboroughs and other chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns and Villages, and other Places within England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and in their Default or Absence, for any one Justice of the Peace, inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village or place, and for no others; and such Constables and other Civil Magistrates as aforesaid are hereby required to quarter and billet the Marines both Officers and private Aden in his Majesty's Service, in Inns, livery stables, ale houses, victualling houses, and all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or Metheglin, by Retail, to be drank, in Houses, other than and except the House or Houses of any Distillersj who keep Houses or Places of distilling Brandy B. D; and Strong Waters, and the House of ally shop keeper, whose principal Dealings shall be more in other nmers housev Goods and Merchandizes than in Brandy and Strong Waters (so as such Distillers and shopkeepers do orshop ueep not permit or suffer Tippling in his of their Houses) and in no other, and m.no private Houses what yateplvuies" soever, without the Content of the Occupier; nor shall any more Billets at any Time be ordered, ..than there are effective Marines present to be quartered; and if any Conlbable, Tithingman, or suchlike Eenf, t[, on Officer or Magistrate as aforesaid presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or private Man in qu'u tering'ot'any such private House, without the Consent of the Occupier; in such Case such Occupier shall have ficers or Men in his.or their Remedy at Law against such Magistrate or Officer, for the.damage that such Occupier shall privatehouses, sustain thereby; and if any Marine Officer shall take upon him to quarter private Men otherwise than is &c' limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to any Mayors, Con Penalty on of fbables or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and discourage any of them from per ficers quarter forming any part of their Duty hereby required or appointed; such Marine Officer shall for every such contrary to this Offence (being thereof convicted before any two or more of the next Justices of the Peace of the Act, C County, my the Oath, of two credible Witneues) be deemed and taken to bt.ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled'to'have Or hold any military Employment within this Kingdom, or in his ma jeflyrs Service; provided the fakl conviction be affirmed at the next qua rter^selnons of the Peace of the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transfnitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial; and in case any Person shall find himself aggrieved, in Persons nggriev. that such Conlbable, Tithingman or Headborough, Chief Officer or Magistrate (such Chief Officer or edniaycom magistrate not being a Justice of the Peace) has quartered or billeted in his house a greater Number Of marines than, he ought to bear in Proportion to his Neighbours; and shall complain thereof to one or more Justice or Justices of the peace of the Division, City or Liberty, where such Marines are quartered; or in case such Chief Officer or Magistrate shall be a Justice of the Peace; then on Complaint made to two or more Justices of the peace of such Division, City or Liberty; fitch. Justice or Justices respeelivbly shall have, and is or are hereby declared to have Power to relieve such Person by ordering such and so many of the said Marines to be removed, and quartered upon such orher Person or Persons as they shall see Cause; and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Marines accordingly.'

XVII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That the Marine Officers and private Men officers ard

so quartered and billeted as aforesaid. be received and furnished with Diet and Small Beer by sum!hevatbthe the Owners of the Inns, 'livery stables, ale houses, victualling houses and other Houses in which Rates herein set. they are allowed to be quartered and billeted by this Act; paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein after mentioned to be payable out of the subsistence money for Diet and Small Beer.

XVIII. Provided always, That in case any Innholder or other Person on whom any non commission Whatlnrhold officers or private Men shall be quartered by virtue of this Act (except on a March, or employed in men^uartered Recruiting; and likewise except the Recruits by them raised, for the Space of seven Days at most, for on them, in such non commission Officers and private Men, who are recruiting, and Recruits by them raised) shall steado1 Meat; be desirous to furnish such non commission Officers or private Men with Candles, Vinegar and Sais,

and with Cither Small Beer or Cyder, not exceeding five Pints for each Mian per Diem, gratis, and allow to such non commission Officers or private Men the Use of Fire, and the necessary, Utensils for drefting and eating their Meat, and shall give Notice of such his Desire to the Commanding Officer, and shall furnish and allow the same accordingly; then and in such Case, the non commission Officers and private Men so quartered shall provide their own Victuals; and the Officer to whom it belongs, to receive, or who shall actually receive the Pay and Subsistence of such non commission Officers and private

636 C 6.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

Penalty on Officers taking Money to ex

No Paymaster, Sec. to make Deductions out of ray, See.

Exceptions.

vnte Men, shall pay the several Sums herein after mentioned to be payable out of the subsistence money fur Diet and Small Beer, to the non commission Officers and private Men aforesaid, and not to the Innholder, or other Person on whom such non commission Officers and private Men are quartered; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Marine Officer shall take or cause to be taken, or knowingly suffer to be taken, any Money of any Person for

cuic ua tc 'n excufms Quartering of Officers or private Men, or any of them, in any House allowed by

CI 0 q r cung. every such Officer shall be cashiered, and be incapable of serving in any, military Employment

whatsoever.

XX. And whereas it may be for the Benefit of the Service for the Commanding Officer to have a ' Power to exchange the Billets or Quarters of Marines quartered in the same Town or Place; 'Be it mandin therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commanding Officer of Marines in any Town Officer mvy gex or Place where such marine Forces are quartered, shall, and he is hereby declared to have Power from change Marines time to time to exchange any Marine or Marines quartered in such Town or Place for any other Ma quarters. rine or jvlat incs quartered in the same Town or Place; provided the Number of men do not exceed the

Constables to Number at that Time billeted on such Houses respectively, where such Men shall be exchanged; and the

i et according ^on^a^, es Tithingmen, Headboroughs and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of the Cities, Towns and Villages, or other Places where any of the said Marine Forces shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such Men so exchanged accordingly.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty LIX no Paymaster, or other Officer or Person whatsoever, shall receive any Fees, or make any Deductions whatsoever out of the Pay of any Marine, either Officer or private Man, in his Majesty's Service, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, other than the usual Deductions for Clothing, and twelve Pence in the Pound to be disposed ot as his Majesty shall think fit, and the one day's Pay In the Year for the Use of the royal Hospital at Chelsea, and such other necessary Deductions as shall from time to time be directed by the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, by Order in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Planets.

Officers to give

XXII. And that the quarters both of the said Marine Officers and private Men while on Shore as kw ers'of'sub a^ore^l'(^ may, during the Continuance of this Act, be duly paid and satisfied, and his Majesty's du ftstence money ties of Excise better answered, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twen in their Hands, ty fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, every Officer or other Person to whom it belongs to receive, or that shall actually receive the Pay or subsistence money for one or more particular Company or Companies of the said Marine Forces, or otherwise, shall immediately, upon each Receipt of every particular Sum which shall from time to time be paid, returned or come to his of their Hands on account of Pay or Subsistence, give public Notice thereof to all Persons keeping Inns, or other Places where Officers or private Men are quartered by virtue of this Act; and shall also appoint the said Innkeepers and others to repair to their Quarters at such Times as they shall appoint, for the di llribution and Payment of the said Pay or subsistence money to such Officers or private Men, which shall be within four Days at the farthest after the Receipt of the same as aforesaid; the said Innkeepers and others shall then and there acquaint such Officer or Officers with the Accounts or Debts (if any shall be) between them and the Officers and private Men so quartered in their respective Houses; Accounts the said Officer or Officers is or are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the same, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed either to the Officers or private Men: Provided the said Accounts exceed not for one Marine Commission Officer under the Degree of a Captain, for such officer's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, one Shilling; and if such Officer shall have a Horse or Horses, for each such Horse or Horses for their Hay and Straw, per Diem, sixpence; nor for one private man's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, fourpence: And if any Officer or Officers as aforesaid shall not give Notice as aforesaid, and shall not immediately, upon producing such Account stated, satisfy, content and pay the lame; upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by suliirifttnce mo any two Witnesses, at the next Quarter sessions for the County or City wherein such Quarters were qmvuto, pa>ing (which Oath the Justices of the Peace at such Sessions are hereby authorised and required to administer) the Paymaster or Person for the time being authorised to pay the said Marine Forces, is hereby required fttisfyat?iemt0out an ain'k, r'7£cl (upon Certificate of the said Justices, before whom such Oath was made, of the Sum of officers At due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same is owing) to pay and satisfy the said Sums roars. out of the Arrears due to the said Marine Officer or Officers?; upon Penalty that such Paymaster or Person

shall forfeit their respctftive Place or Places of Paymaster or otherwise, and be discharged from holding the same for the future. And in case there shall be no Arrears due to the said Officer or Officers, then the said Paymaster or Person for the time being authorised to pay the said Marine Forces, is hereby authorised and required to deduct the Sums he shall pay pursuant to the Certificate of the said justices, out of the next Pay or subsistence money of the Company to which such Officer or Officers shall belong; and such Officer or Officers ill all for such their Offence, or for neglecting to give Notice of the Receipt of such Pay or subsistence money as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipso facto cashiered

of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, &c.

Officers not giving Notice of

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo none Georgii II. c. 6. c37

XXIII. And where it shall happen that the subsistence money due to any Marine Officer or private On moving from Man shall, by Occasion of any Accident, not be paid to such Officer or private Man, or such Officer 0*

or private Man shall neejedt to pay the same, so that Quarters cannot be, or are not paid, as this at up Accounts, directs; in every such Case it is hereby further enacted, That every such Officer shall, before his or and give certifi their Departure out of his or their Quarters, where such Company shall remain for any Time whatso Money

ever, make up the Accounts as this Act directs, with every Person with whom such Company shall have C

quartered, and ligna Certificate thereof, and give the said Certificate so by him signed to the Party to whom such Money is due, with the Name of such Company to which he or they shall belong; to the End the said Certificate may be forthwith transmitted to the proper Paymaster of the Marines, Paymaster to who is hereby required immediately to make Payment thereof to the Person or Persons to whom such pay the sum. Money shall be due, to the End the same may be applied to such Company, under Pain as is before in this Act directed for nonpayment of Quarters.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter Of officers, C to fleers and private Men of his Majesty's Marine Forces in Scotland, in such and the like Places and Houses

as Officers and private Men of the Land Forces might have been quartered in, by the Laws in Force in lawstnforce at Scotland at the Time of the Union; and that the Possessors of such Houses shall only be liable to fur theuniondirect, nish the said Marine Officers and private Men quartered there, as by the said Laws in Force at the Time of the Union was provided, with respect to the Officers and private Men of the Land Forces; and that no such Marine Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more regular Justices to order

Provision of Carriages for his Majesty's Marine Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes car

and Accoutrements, in englandwales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, all Justices of the Peace, nages for the within their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Liberties and Precincts, being duly required Marine Forces thereunto by the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the 0, 1 their marc!l said Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, by an Order in Writing under his or their rc

spective Hand or Hands, shall, as often as such Order shall be brought and shewn unto one or more such Justices by the Officer or Officers of the Company or Companies of Marines so ordered to march, issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the High Constables or Petty Constables of the Division,

Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred or Precinct, from, through, near or to which such Company or Companies shall be ordered to march, requiring them to make such Provision for Carriages, with able Men to drive the same, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them sufficient Time to do the same, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burden: And in case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any such Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, Division or Precinct, then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division, shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or shewn to one or more of them, by any of the Marine Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the High Constables or Petty Constables, of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Division or Precinct, for the Purposes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency

And the aforesaid Officer or Officers, who by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant or Warrants from such

Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned, of the

High Constable or Petty Constable to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required at the same Time to pay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Wagon Rates for car

with five Horses shall travel; and the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Wain with six Oxen, or riages.

four Oxen with two Horses, shall travel; and the Sum of nine Pence for every Mile any Cart with

four Horses shall travel, and foin Proportion for less Carriages; for which respective Sums so received,

the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing to the Person or Persons paying the same: And such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons, having Carriages within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide

and furnish such Carriages and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required

to provide and furnish the same accordingly: And if any Marine Officer or Officers, for the Use of Penalty on Of

whose Company or Companies the Carriage was provided, shall force and constrain any Wagon, fleers forcing

Wain, Cart or Carriage to travel more than one day's Journey, or shall not discharge the same in 'efmorethan3*

due Time for their return Home, or shall suffer any Marine or Servant (except such are sick) or any cne day's Jour

Woraan to ride in the Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage aforesaid, or shall force any Constable or oey; ac.

Petty Constable, by Threatenings or menacing Words, to provide Saddle Horses for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horses from the Owners, by themselves. Servants or private Men; every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; Proof thereof being made upon Oath, before two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, who are to certify the same to the proper Paymaster of his Majesty's Marine Forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of five Pounds accordingly to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of such Justices of the Peace, and is also hereby empowered to deduct the same out of such officer's Pay.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable or Petty con penaltyonconstable shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute any such Warrant of the said Justice or Justices of the rubles, C Peace, as shall be directed unto such Constable or Petty Constable for providing Carriages as aforesaid; Neglect,

or if any Person or Persons, appointed by such Constable or Petty Constable to provide or furnish any Carriage and Man, shall refuse or neglect to provide the same; or any other Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any Actor Thing, whereby the Execution of any such Warrant or Warrants

shall

Treasurers of the County to repay the con ilable extraordinary 'Charges.

The Money for those Purposes, how to be raised.

nowaggon, C to carry above 20 hundred Weight.

Carriages In Scotland, how to be provided,

Marines Wives, C not to be quartered without Consent.

Penalty,

Penalty on Officers or ma lincs destroying th; Game.

Constable maj apprehend de ferters, and carry them before a Justice.

C 6. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

shall be hindered or frustrated; such Constable, or other Person or Persons so offending flail, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where.any such Offence shall be committed: And all and every fuclv Offence and Offences shall and may be inquired of, heard and fully determined, by two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace dwelling in or near the Place where such Offence shall be committed, who have hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattles, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner.

XXVII. And whereas the respective Sums of Money by this Act appointed to be paid to the Con ' (tables by the Officers demanding such Carriages may not in many Cases be sufficient to answer the Charge and Expense of providing the same, whereby the said Constables may be frequently at great Charges, over and above what is received by them of the said Officers, to the great Burden of the Township of which they are respectively Constables, or else the Persons furnishing such Carriages may be grievously oppressed To prevent which, and that such overplus Charge may be born by each County or Riding, at the general Charge of such County or Riding, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer or Treasurers of each respective County or Riding, flail, without Fee or Reward, pay unto such Constable all and every such reasonable Sum or Sums of Money so by him paid or laid out for such Carriages, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Marine Officer requiring such Carriages, out of the public Stock of such County or Riding, according to such Rates, Orders, Rules and Directions, as the said Justices of the Peace, in their Quarter sessions assembled, within their respective Jurisdictions, flail, from time to time, during the Continuance of this Act, make, direct and appoint (which Orders shall be made without Fee or Reward) Regard being always had to the Season of the Year and the Length and Condition of the Roads through which such Carriages are to travel, -

XXVIII. And in case the said public Stock of the County or Riding be not sufficient (over and above the other Purposes for which it was raised) to satisfy the extraordinary Charge of Carriages before mentioned; it is hereby further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace in the General Quarter sessions flail have Power, from time to time, to raise Moneys upon their respective Counties or Ridings, in such Manner as they now raise Moneys for building or repairing County Gaols and Bridges, to satisfy the said extraordinary Charge of Carriages.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage impressed by Authority of this Act, shall be liable or obliged by virtue of this Act to carry above twenty hundred Weight; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Carriages for the Service of the Marine Forces quartered or marching in Scotland, shall be provided in like Manner and at the Rates, and the Fumilher of such Carriages shall be paid, as was directed by the Law in Force in Scotland at the Time of the Union, with regard to the furnishing Carriages for Land Forces.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer, Military or Civil, by this Act authorised to quarter Marines in any Houses hereby appointed for that Purpose, shall. at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid sen ants of any Officer or Marine in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Owners; the Party offending, if an Officer of the Marines, flail, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral or Judge Advocate, be ipso facto cashiered; if a Constable, Tithingman or other Civil Officer, he flail forfeit to the Party aggrieved twenty Shillings, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the next Justice of the Peace, to be levied by Warrant of such Justice by Distress and Sale of his Goods, rendering the Overplus to die Party, after deducting reasonable Charges in taking the same.

XXXII. And ior the better Preservation of the Game in or near such Place, where any Officers or Soldiers flail at any Time be quartered, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, any Officer or Marine flail, without Leave of the Lord of the Manor, under his Hand and Seal first had and obtained, take, kill or dellroy any Hare, Coney, Pheasant, Partridge, Pigeon, or any other Sort of Fowls, Poultry or Fish, or his Majesty's Game, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, convicted before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, who is or are hereby empowered and authorised to hear and determine the same; (that is to say) every Officer lb offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be distributed among the Poor of the Place where the Offence shall be committed; and every Officer commanding in Chief upon the Place, for every such Offence committed by any Marine under his Command, flail forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings to be paid and distributed in Manner aforesaid: if upon Conviction made by the Justices of the Peace, and Demand thereof alto made by the Constable or Overseers of the Poor, such Officer flail refuse or neglect, and not within two Days pay the said respective Penalties; such Officer so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit, and is hereby declared to have forfeited his Commission, and his Commission is hereby declared to be null and void.

XXXIII. And whereas several Marines, who being duly entered, may afterwards desert and be found wandering, or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from his Majesty's Service; 'It is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Headborough or Tithingman of the Town or Place where any Person, who maybe reasonably suspected to be such a De'ferter, shall be found, to apprehend, or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such Person to be brought before any Justice of the Peace living in or near such Town or Place, who is hereby irapow f ered

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 6. 639

ered and required to examine such suspected Person; if by his Confession, or the Testimony of one or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found, that such suspected Person is a Marine duly entered, and ought to be with the Company to which he belongs j such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to Justice to com the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or to the House of Correction, or other pub mitthem, lick Prison in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the Cities of London or Westminster, or Places adjacent, and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being, to the End such and transmit an Person maybe proceeded against according to Law; and the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction secretary of the or Prison shall receive the full Subsistence of every such Deserter, during the ime he shall continue Admiralty, in his Custody, for the Maintenance of such Deserter, but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward gaol keeper to on account of the Imprisonment of any such Deserter: Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary not receive the sub withstanding. of De'

XXXIV. And for the better Encouragement of any Person or Persons to secure or apprehend such De Reward for ferters, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Justice of the Peace shall also issue taking up de his Warrant in Writing to the Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax Money of the parish or Town fetters, ship where such Deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the Land Tax Money arisen or to

arise in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, into the Hands of such Person or Persons who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended any such Deserter from his Majesty's Service, the Sum of twenty Shillings for every such Deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which Sum of twenty Shillings shall be satisfied by such Collector or Collectors, to whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their Account.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal or assist any Deserter Penalty n per from his Majesty's Marine Service, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall forfeit for defe ers^or"6 every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds; or if any Person shall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, buying their or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture belonging to the King, from any Arms, Clothes, Marine or Marine Deserter, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or cause the Colour of such &c'

Clothes to be changed; every Person so offending in each, any or either of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds; and upon Conviction by the Oath of one or more

credible Witness or Witnesses before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said respective Penalties of five Pounds and five Pounds shall be levied by Warrant under the Hands of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of the Offender; one Moiety of the said first mentioned Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, by whose Means such Deserter shall be apprehended; and one Moiety of the said last mentioned Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Informer; and the Residue of the said respective Penalties to be paid to the Officer to whom any such Deserter or Marine did or doth belong: And in case any such Offender, who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring or affifiing any such Deserter or Deserters; having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture belonging to the King; or of having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattles, whereon Distress may be made to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalties within four Days after such Conviction; and in such Case, such Justice or Justices of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, either commit such Offender to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Months, or cause such Offender to be publicly whipped, at the Discretion of such justice or Justices.

XXXVI. Provided always, That so much of this Act as relates to the Punishment of such who This Act to ex shall harbour, conceal or afiifl: Deserters, or shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or otherwise 'd receive any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture belonging to the King, from any Marine or land!'*" ru" Marine Deserter, or cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, shall extend, to all Ends and

Purposes whatsoever, to Ireland, and shall be put in Execution in that Kingdom by all Justices of the Peace and other Officers respectively, according to the Tenor and during the Continuance of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and everything here continuance ef in contained, shall be and continue in Force from the said twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our this Act,

Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, until the twenty filth Day of March in the Year of our

Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven.

XXXVIII. And to prevent as far as may be any unjust or fraudulent Arrests that may be made upon Marines, whereby his Majesty and the Public may be deprived of their Service, it is hereby

further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever, who is entered or shall enter Vo Volunteer himself as a Volunteer in his Majesty's Service as a Marine, curing the Continuance of this Act, shall liable t Process, be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's Service by any Prceefs or Execution whatsoever, other than for cpmin^kviit? some criminal Matter, unless for a real Debt, or other just Cause of Action; unless before the ter, oy real taking out of such Process or Execution (not being for a criminal Matter) the Plainiiif or Plaintiffs Debt C f the va therein, or some other Person or Persons on his or their Behalf, shall make Affidavit before one or more o to Judge or Judges of the Court of Record, or other Court out of which such Process or Execution shall be made; issue, or before some Person authorised to take Affidavits in such Courts, that to his or their Knowledge the original Sum justly due and owing to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs from the Defendant or Defendants, in the Action, or Cause of Action on which such Process shall issue, or the original Debt for which such Execution shall be issued out, amounts to the Value of ten Pounds at leaf!, over and above all Costs

of

640 C 6.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

dum thereof marked on the Process:

and a Memoran of Suit in the same Action, or in any other Action on which the same shall be grounded; a Memorandum of which Oath shall be marked on the Back, of such Process or Writ; for which Memorandum or Oath no Fee shall be taken: And if any Person shall nevertheless be arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for one or more Judge or Judges of such Court, upon Complaint thereof made by the Party himself, or by any his superior Officer, to examine into the same by the Oath otherwise Pri of the Parties, or otherwise, and by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals, ro discharge such foner to be dif Marine so arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, without paying any Fee or Sees, upon due Proof Coitf, WW1 made before him or them, that such Marine so arrested was legally entered as a Marine in his Majesty's Service, and arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act; and also to award to the Party so complaining such Costs as such Judge or Judges shall think reasonable: the Recovery whereof lie shall have the like Remedy that the Person who takes out the said Execution might have had for his Costs, or the Plaintiff in the like Action might have had for the Recovery of his Costs, in case Judgement had been given for him with Costs against the Defendant in the said Action.

XXXIX. And to the End that honed Creditors, who aim only at the Recovery of their just Debts due to them from Persons entered as Marines into his Majesty's Service, may not be hindered from filing for the same, but on the contrary may be assisted and forwarded in their Suits; and instead of an Arrest, which may at once hurt the Service, and occasion a great Expense and Delay to themselves, may be enabled to proceed in a more speedy and cheap Method; Be it further enacted by the Authority afore plaintiff giving That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Notice first given in Notice, may file Writing of the Cause of Action to such Person or Persons so entered, or left at his or their last Place of a common Ap Residence before such Entering, to hie a common Appearance in any Action to be brought for or upon p.aiance, account of any Debt whatsoever, so as to entitle such Plaintiff to proceed therein to Judgement and out and proceed u Iawry, and to have an Execution thereupon, other than against the Body or Bodies of him or them so

judgement. entered as aforesaid; Act, or anything herein, or any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Penalty on Con

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable, Constable, nt h|eifin&cto Beadle or other Officer or Person whatsoever, who by Virtue or Colour of this Act shall quarter or billet,

quaner wa or employed in quartering or billeting any Marine Officers or private Men, shall neglect or refuse for

1 inti. the Space of two Hours to quarter or billet such Officers or Marines, when thereunto required, in such

Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Forces; Penalty on ta or shall receive, demand, contract or agree for any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Reward whatsoever, king Money to for or d11 account of excusing, or in order to excuse any Person or Persons whatsoever from quartering fonfi om quar" or receiving into his, her or their House or Houses any such Officer or Marine; or in case any Victualler, tering, and on or any other Person liable by this act to have any Officer or Marine billeted or quartered on him or her, Vifluaiiers re jjia]] refuse to receive or victual any such Officer or Marine so quartered or billeted upon him or her as marines.1ccluc aforesaid; shall refuse to furnish or allow, according to the Directions of this Act, the several Things herein before respectively directed to be furnished or allowed to non commission Officers and Marines so quartered or billeted on him or her as aforesaid, at the Rates herein before mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty within which such Offence shall be committed, either by his own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or witnesses (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer) every such High Constable, Constable, Beadle, or other Officer or Person so offending, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds, or any Sum of Money not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings (as the said Justice or Justices, before whom the Matter shall be heard, shall in his or their Discretion think fit) to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person oilending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, or of one or more of them, to be directed to any other Constable within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offender shall dwell; and the said Sum of five Pounds, or the said Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, when levied, to be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the

Parish where the Offence shall be committed, or to some one of them, for the Use of tyre Poor of such Parish.

justices may or

XLI. And for the better preventing Abuses in quartering or billeting the Marines, in pursuance of

«!trc°nfiah)e^o this A eft, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

ofvthienumber any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace within their respective Counties, Cities or Liberties, by of Officers and Warrant or Order under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, at any Time or Times during and wiiere011' r flee Continuance of this Act to require and command any High Constable, Constable, Beadle, or other tpred! 1utquai" Officer who shall cmarter or billet any Marines in pursuance of this Act, to give an Account in Writing unto the said Justice or Justices requiring the same, of the Number of Officers and private Men who shall be quartered or billeted by them, and also the Names of the housekeepers or Persons upon whom every Rich Officer or private Man shall be quartered or billeted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every such housekeeper dwells, and of the Signs (if any) belonging to their Houses; to the End it may appear to the said Justice or Justices where such Officers and private Men are chartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all Abuses in the quartering or billeting of them.

Oause for Rq

XLII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after

lies of i' — - -> - r -- --' < -

hastily

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 7. 641

the next Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate (not being an Officer of Marines) and before such Justice or Chief Magistrate he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Dissent to such Enlisting; and upon such Declaration, and returning the enlisting money, and also each Person so dissenting paying the Sum of twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, such Person or Persons so enlisted shall be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty, in the Presence of such justice or Chief Magistrate; if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of twenty-four Hours to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if he or they had given his or their Assent thereto before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate; if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily enlisted himself or themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand, that such Person or Persons is or are duly enlisted; setting forth the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling of him or them respectively (if known) and that the second and third Sections of the Articles of War for the better Government of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore in Great Britain or Ireland, were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the twelfth Sedfion of the said Articles of War; and if any such Person or Persons so to be certified as duly enlisted, shall refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such Person or Persons until he or they shall take the Oath before required; and every Officer of Marines that shall add contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by two Witnesses, before a General court-martial to be thereupon called, shall for such Offence be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty's Service.

XLIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That all his Majesty's Marine P'orces, as well Marine Forces Officers as private Men, shall from Time to Time, during their being respectively born as Part of tyre b, ore as j'ano'" Compliment of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, be subject or liable in like Manner, in all Respects, of^ntshipto as any Officers or Seamen employed in his Majesty's Sea Service are subject and liable to be governed War, liable to and proceeded against and punished for Offences committed by them, during the Time they shall be yvjfjfu efta' born as Part of the Compliment of such Ships or Vessels, according to the Purport, Tenor, Effect and i; Geo. A. a;, true Intent and Meaning of an Act of Parliament made in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending, explaining and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majestys Ships, f'ejjels and Forces by Sea; this present Act, or anything herein contained notwithstanding.

CAP. VII.

An act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two Millions, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for extending to Ireland the Laws made in this Kingdom against private and unlawful Lotteries.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your majesty's public Expenses, have freely resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of two millions; one million five hundred thousand Pounds, Part thereof, to be raised by Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and five hundred thousand Pounds, Residue thereof, by a Lottery, to be attended with Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, in such Manner and Form as is herein after directed; do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for or towards raising the said Sum of two millions, it shall and may be lawful to 2, 000, 0001. to and for the several Persons, Natives or Foreigners, and Bodies Politic or Corporate, who in pur be raised by, an fuance of the Resolution of the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, have, in Books lottery.and a opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribed and agreed to contribute to the Payment of the said Sum of two millions, and who have in pursuance of the said resolution deposited with, or ^bavedepo paid to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time sued ioi. per being, the Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, in Part of the Sums by them subscribed respectively, to ad Cent, in Part vance and pay unto the said Cashier or Cashiers, who is and are hereby appointed the Receiver and th^remafncier Receivers of such Contributions (without any further or other Warrant to be lued for, had or obtained withinthetimes in that behalf) the Remainder of the several Sums so subscribed at or before the rel petsive Days or limited.

Times, and in the Proportions in this Acts limited in that Behalf.

II. And whereas it is intended that all such Contributors to the said Sum of two millions, who shall have subscribed for four hundred Pounds, shall be infilled to three hundred Pounds in Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, transferrable at the Bank of England, and to one hundred Pounds in Lottery Tickets, to be attended with Annuities (transferrable also at the Bank of England) after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum., and foin Proportion for a Vox. VII 4 N greater

642 C 7. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

Times nf Pay greater or less Sum; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Contributors who have

<' 'the sum of LI i mac the said Deposit of ten Pounds per Centum, in Part of the Sums by them severally subscribed,

00, cool. as a Security for their making their future Payments, shall make the same accordingly at or before the

bfhibaed to' respective Days or Times, and in the Proportions in this Act limited in that Behalf; that is to say,

war s Annin in respe£\; of their proportional Share of the said Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds,

fifteen Pounds per Centum on. or before the thirtieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; twenty Pounds per Centum on or before the fifteenth Day of May then next ensuing; twenty Pounds per Centum on or before the sixteenth Day of July then next ensuing; Pounds per Centum on or before the sixteenth Day of September then next ensuing; and the remaining fifteen

Times of Pay Pounds per Centum on or before the thirtieth Day of October then next ensuing; in respect of

'tthesu'm'of proportional Share of the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, twenty Pounds per Centum 4o, oooo 1. toon or before the twenty second Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; twenty Pounds wards the Lot per Centum on or before the sixteenth Day of June then next ensuing; Pounds per Centum t; ry on or before the fourteenth Day of August then next ensuing; the remaining twenty-five Pounds

Annuities to per Centum on or before the twentieth Day of October then next following; and that all such con bear 3l. ios. per tribut s lor and in respect of three Fourths of the Sums so by them subscribed, shall be intided < nt. nteit, tq t]le; r proportional. Share of Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per and Tickets 31. Annum, and for and in respect of the remaining fourth Part of the Sum so subscribed, to as many percent. Lottery Tickets as the said fourth Part of the Sum so subscribed shall purchase, after the Rate of ten Pounds for each Ticket; and that every such Contributor or Adventurer, for every Sum of ten Pounds so advanced for the Purchase of a Lottery Ticket, shall be entitled to such Lot, and to such Annuity, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, as is herein after directed and appointed.

Annuities to HR And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Annuities which shall become

commence from due and payable to the several Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, n Feb. 1756. after tie Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, in respect of the said Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said principal Sum of two millions, shall commence

First Payment of and be computed from the eleventh Day of February one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and that

interetf to be on f0 1t)uch of the said Annuities, as after the said Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum and afterwards shall be due on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, shall be then paid; to be paid half and that the Annuities which shall from and after that Time be due, shall be paid half yearly on the yearly. fifth Day of July and the fifth Day of January, by even and equal Portions; and that the Annuities

which shall become due and payable to the said Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, successors and Assigns, at the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, in respect of the said principal Interest on Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, Residue of the said principal Sum of two millions, shall coin tickets to commence and be computed from the fifth Day of January which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thou 4$ pay" land seven hundred and fifty seven, and shall from time to time be paid half yearly on the fifth Day of ble half yearly. July and the fifth Day of Jahtiaiy, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to be due and payable for the half Year ended the fifth Day of 'july which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven.

Cashier to sive WAND be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Cashier or Cashiers who shall Receipts for have received, or shall receive any Part of the Sums so paid by way of Deposit, or otherwise, in respect fhefamemade'°^. the aid Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, shall forrh assignabk." with give Receipts in Writing, signed by himself or themselves, to every such Contributor for all such Sums, and that the Receipts to be given for any Sums paid in respect of the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Sounds ten Shillings per Contmn per' annum, shall be assignable by Endorsement thereupon made at any Time before the thirtieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, and no longer.

Cashier to give V. Provided always, That such Cashier or Cashiers shall give Security to the good Liking of any three Security; or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer for the public Use, all the Moneys which they shall have already received by way of Deposit otherwise, or shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of or for the said Sum of two millions, and for accounting duly for the same, and for Performance of the Trufis hereby and topyv in in them reposed; shall, ' from time to time, so pay all such Moneys as soon as they shall receive tnlfc£iYquer° ie ^amv or any Part thereof, or within fi e'days afterwards at the farthest, and shall account for 11 L ' all Moneys so received by him or them, in the Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof, deducting the reout such Sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this Act, in Manner herein after mentioned; for which Sums so paid, Allowance shall be made in his or their

Accounts.

Treasury to np

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for piy the Moneys the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more vt.tvd be7l'ieei the Commissioners of the Treasury. for the time being, from time to time, to issue and apply all such Commons.' Sums of Money as shall so be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer by the Lid'cashier or Cashiers, to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of Great Britain hi this Session of Parliament.

Contributors

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Office of the Accomntant Ge names la be nerul of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the tim: being, there shall be pro

bookt dma vided and kept a Book or Books, in which shall be fairly entered the Names of all such Contributors

as

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

C 7. 64

neral for the time being, shall on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, transmit an attested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Duplicate to be Books, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for transmitted to

eyer -.. the Exchequer.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Contributors, duly paying Contributors the whole Sums by them respectively subscribed, at or before the respective Days and Times in this Act jheir'r^vim m'! before limited in that Behalf, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors and A digits, shall to have sure have, receive and enjoy, their proportional Share of the respective Annuities of three Pounds ten Slid Estate, the lings per Centum per Annum, and three Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the Moneys by this Act Annum: s herein after appropriated for Payment thereof, and shall have good and sure Estates and Interests therein

for ever; subject nevertheless to the Provisoes of Redemption in this Act herein after contained, concerning the same respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Contributors, their Executors, Contributors

Administrators, Successors and Assigns, paving in the Whole, or any Part of the Sums by them fub jjak nkthcir feribed respectively, previous to the Days appointed, for the respective Payments herein before directed, vicutto the"^ as fvell in respect to their proportional Share of the said Sum of one million five hundred thousand Times limited, Pounds, as of the said sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, shall be entitled to an Allowance of so j ke allowed much Money, as the Interest of the several Sums so previously paid, after the Rate of three Pounds I, lc

per Centum per Annum shall amount to, from the Days on which such previous Payments shall have been actually made, to the respective Times on which such Payments are directed to be made; such Allowance to be paid by the said Cashier or Cashiers, out of the Moneys contributed towards the said Sum of two millions, as soon as such respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, shall have completed their Payments herein before directed to be made; and that as soon as any Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, fllall have completed their Payments of the whole Purchase Money, payable by them respectively for any such Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds ten shillings per Centum per Annum, the principal Sum or Sums by them subscribed and paid for the Purchase. or such Annuities, shall forthwith be placed to the Credit of the said Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, completing tyre said Payments, and made transferable in the Books of tyre Bank of England, to be kept for that Purpose.

Provided always, That in case any such Contributors who have already deposited with, or paid Contributors to the said Cashier or Cashiers, any Sum or Sums of money, at the Times and in the Manner before n)7dheir?»a\r mentioned, in Part of the Sums so by them subscribed, or their respective Executors, Administrators, mentstoconeit Successors or Assigns, do riot advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers, the Residue, of the Sums their Deponts. so by them subscribed, at the Times and in the Manner before mentioned; then and in every such Case,

so much of the Sum so subscribed ns shall have, been actually paid in Part thereof to the said Cashier or Cashiers, shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public; anything in this Act: contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Annuities which by this Annuities, C Act are granted and made payable, in respect of the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, y^t^funct Part of the said Sum of two millions, as in respect of the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, being 'Q lns u the Residue of the said two millions, until Redemption thereof by Parliament in Manner herein after mentioned, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Moneys which shall from '

time to time arise and be remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of or for the Surpluses,

Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; and the said Surplusses, 'Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues, are hereby appropriated for that Purpose accordingly.

XII. And for establishing a proper Method for drawing the said Lottery, Be it further enacted by the Managers and Authority aforesaid, That such Persons as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or Directors of the more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of thy app^ime'd by Treasury for the time being shall appoint, shall be Managers, and Directors for preparing and delivering the Treasury. out Tickets, and to oversee the drawing of Lots, and to order, do and perform, such other Matters and.

Things as are hereafter in and by this Act (.liredied and appointed by such Managers', and Directors to be done and performed; and that such Managers and Directors shall meet together, from time to time, at some public Office or Place for the Execution of the Powers and Trulls in them reposed by this Act; and that the said Managers and Directors, or so many of them as shall be present at any such Books to be Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall cause Books to be prepared, in which, every i.eaf shall be prepared with divided or distinguished into three Columns, and upon the Innermost of the said three Columns, there jjeachomvuch shall be printedtfty thousand Tickets, hereby intended to be made forth, to be numbered one, two, yocp Tickets three, and so onwards, in an arithmetical Progression, where the common Lxcefs is to be one, until "> be printed, they rise to and for the Number of fifty thousand; upon the middle Column in every of the said Books, shall be printed fifty thousand Tickets, of the same Bieadth and Form, and numbered in like Manner; and in the extreme Column of the said Books there shall be printed a third Rank or Series T k Cobe of Tickets, of the same Number with those of the other two Columns, which Tickets shall severally be of an oblong cf an oblong Figure; and in the said Books shall be joined with Oblique Lines, Flourishes or Devices, Form, and join in such Manner as the said Managers and Directors, or the major Pan of them, final! think most safe ur efh&cbliqu<i

ana

644 C 7. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

Tickets in the and convenient; and that every Ticket in the third or extreme Column of the said Books, shall have have tin; Words vvr tten or printed thereupon (besides the Number of such Ticket, and the present Year of our Lord following print Christ) Words to this Effect: ed on them,

The Bearer hereof is entitled to six Pounds, Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferrable at the Bank of England, or to a better Chance.

"Managers to examine the Books with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashier. Cashier to give "a Ticket for every Sum of 10 /. paid in Cashier to redeliver the Books to the Managers, by 6 Nov. "and account for the Sums received. Tickets undisposed of to be returned into the Exchequer. "Tickets of the middle Columns to be rolled up, and tied, and cut off Indentwife into a Box marked "(A). Box to be locked and sealed. Books to be prepared with two Columns, on each of which "50, 000 Tickets to be printed. 6, 500 Fortunate. 2 of 10, 000l. 3 of 5, 000l. 6 of 2, 000l. 17 of 1,000l. "29 of 500l. 142 of too. 626 or 50l. 5675 of 20l. 500l. to the First drawn Ticket, 'and icoo/. "to the la!l. 43, 500 Blank Tickets, at the Rate of 6l. Tickets of the outermost Columns to be "rolled up and tied, and cut out Indentwife, into a Box marked (B). Public Notice to be given "of Times of cutting the Tickets into the Boxes. The Lottery to begin drawing 22 Nov. After "each day's drawing the Boxes to be locked up and sealed. Numbers of the fortunate Tickets, "and the Sums, to be printed. Disputes relating thereto, to be adjulled by the Managers. Pe "of forging Tickets or Certificates, Felony. Cashier may give Receipts fur Moneys paid in, "before he receives the Tickets. Adventurer not paying his whole consideration money, shall lose "advanced Money. Managers, CC to be paid by the Commissioners of the Treasury out of "the Lottery Money. Guardians may adventure Infants Money in the Lottery. Limitation of Sale CC of Chances, Y. Persons selling Shares in Tickets of which they are not pcffeffed, to forfeit 500l.

Offences com

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Offence against any of the a^inst Ash'for Parliament made in this Kingdom, for preventing private and unlawful Lotteries, shall be com

preventing5un rnitted in Ireland, the Offender shall incur the like Penalty and Punishment, to be inflicted in like lawful Lotteries, Manner, as if the Offence was committed in this Kingdom; and that such Penalties as by any of the duni(liable bid j^s are ^kedted to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at ive/lndnjler, shall, in and maybe sued case of Offences committed against any of the said als in Ireland, be recovered in any of his Majesty's for in Dublin. Courts of Record at Dublin.

Refer toiow.t, C 13. qam. C 6. §56. r.26. §109. 5 Geo. J. C 9. §43. S Geo. I. C 2. §36.9 Geo. 1. r. 19. 6 Geo. 2. c. 35. 12 Geo. 2. c. 28.

j3 Gn. 2. c. 19.

"After the drawing of the Lottery, the Tickets to be exchanged for Certificates. Accomptant General "to give Credit for the Principal Sums in the Certificates. Assignments may be made of the said Sums, "cic. Certificates to be filed and cancelled, and Notes to be given in lieu thereof."

XXX. And for the more easy and sure Payment, as well of the said Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, as of the said Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per a chief Cashier, Centum per Annum, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of andaceomptant the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall, from Time to Time, until the said respective An act^ jfpointed by the nu>ties shall be redeemed according to this Act, appoint and employ one or more sufficient Person or Bank for paying Persons within their Office in the City of London, to be their first or chief Cashier or Cashiers, and one the Annuities, other Sufficient Person in the said Office to be their Accomptant General; and that so much of the Monos by this Act appropriated for this Purpose, as shall be sufficient, from Time to Time, to answer the said several and respective Annuities, and other Payments herein directed to be made out of the said Mo treasury to issue nies, shall, by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or Burpose to the high Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, with said Cashier, out any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf, from Time to Time, at

the respective Days of Payment in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, to be issued and paid

at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer to the said first or chief Cashier or Cashiers, by way of impressed, and upon Account, for the Payment of the said several and respective Annuities payable by who is to ae virtue of this Act; and that all and every such Cashier and Cashiers, to whom the said Moneys shall

same.' e from Time to Time be issued, shall, from Time to Time, without Delay, pay the same accordingly,

and render his or their Accounts thereof, according to the due Course of the Exchequer.

Accomptant

XXXI. And it is hereby also eliadted, That the said Accomptant General for the Time being shall, mfncthere" from Time to Time, inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, ceipts and Pay - and the Vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay; and that menu of the all Persons who shall be entitled to any of the said several and respective Annuities, and all Persons law ' 11'r; fully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, and that the same shall

ed" a jerson *!m" not '3e Hefcendable to the Heir, and shall be free from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions wlutfo biiate, C and ever, and shall not be liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise; to be tax free. Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

The three and^

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of one million xnnuftl sdeem ^ve hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of two millions, on which the said Annuities, ed a Joint Stock; after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, shall beattending, shall be deemed

---

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 7. 645

one Capital or Joint Stock; and that all Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Monies by them severally advanced for the Purchase of the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, or to which they shall become intitled by virtue of this Act, shall have and be deemed to have, a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock, and in the Annuities attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid;

[and made transferrable.]

and that the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferrable as this Act directs, and not otherwise.

[The 3l. per Cent. Annuities to be made a Joint Stock with Annuities of like value incorporated by 25 Geo. 2. c. 57.]

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies to which any Person or Persons shall become intitled by virtue of this Act, in respect of any Sum advanced or contributed towards the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, on which the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be attending, shall be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, into which the several Sums, carrying an Interest after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, were by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty converted, and shall be deemed Part of the said Joint Stock of Annuities; subject nevertheless to a Redemption by Parliament, in such Manner, and upon such Notice, as is in the said Act directed in respect of the several and respective Annuities redeemable by virtue of the said Act; and that all and every Person and Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money to which he, she or they shall become intitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall have and be deemed to have, a proportional Interest and Share in the said Joint Stock of Annuities at the Rate aforesaid.

[Transfer Books to be kept by the Accomptant General.]

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be constantly kept by the Accomptant General for the Time being. Books wherein all Assignments or Transfers of the to be kept Capital or Joint Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and also all Assignments or Transfers of the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall at all seasonable Times be entered and registered;

[Method of transferring stock.]

which Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers; or if such Parties be absent, by their respective Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses; and that the several Persons, to whom such Transfers shall be made, do respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning and transferring the said several Annuities or any Part thereof, or any Interest, shall be good and available in Law.

[Annuities deviseable by will.]

XXXV. Provided always, That all Persons possessed of any Share or Interest in either of the said Joint Stocks of Annuities, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, attested by two or more credible Witnesses;

[Entry to be made of such Clause.]

but that no Payment shall be made on any such Devise, till so much of the said Will as relates to the said Joint Stocks of Annuities be entered in the said Office; and in Default of such Transfer or Devise, such Share or Interest in the said Joint Stock of Annuities shall go to the Executors or Administrators;

[Transfer not liable to Stamp Duties.]

and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers, or any of them; any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Treasury to pay all incident Charges,]

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That out of the Monies arising from the Contributions towards raising the said Sum of two millions, the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall have Power to discharge all such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable;

[and to make an Allowance to the Cashier and Accomptant General;]

and also to settle and appoint such Allowances as they shall think just and reasonable for the Service, Pains and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers, for receiving, paying and accounting for the said Contributions; and also shall have Power to make out of the said Sinking Fund such further Allowances as they shall think just and reasonable, for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company or the Bank of England, for receiving, paying and accounting for the several and respective Annuities payable by virtue of this Act; and also for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Accomptant General of the said Governor and Company, for performing the Duty and Trust incumbent on him by this Act;

[to be at the Disposal of the Bank.]

all which Allowances hereby impowered to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the Service, Pains and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Officers taking any Fee in the Course of their Business, forefeit 20l.]

XXXVII. And be it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Fee or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects, for receiving or paying the said Contribution Monies, or any of them, or for any Tallies or Receipts concerning the same, or for issuing the Monies for paying the said several Annuities, or any of them; and that no Fee or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken for any Transfer, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Act ; upon Pain that the Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any such Fee or Gratuity contrary to this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

[The Annuities at 3l. 10s per cent. not redeemable till after the Expiration of 15 years &c.]

XXXVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That at any Time after the Expiration of fifteen Years, to be computed from the eleventh Day of February one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, and not sooner, upon six Months Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by Authority of Parliament, and upon Repayment by Parliament of the whole Principal Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, for which the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per centum per Annum are payable,

646 C. 8. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

---

able, to such respective Persons or Corporations as shall be entitled to the same Annuities, or upon the like Repayment by Parliament of any Part of the said Sum of one million flee hundred thousand Pounds, so as. such Part or the Sum so paid at any one Time be not less than five hundred thousand Pounds; and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the same Annuities; then, and not till then, the said Annuities shall cease and determine, and be undirstood to be redeemed; and that any Vote or resolution of the House of Commons, signified by the Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed cn the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice, within the Words and Meaning of this Act. '

Bank to conti

XXXIX. Provided always, 'and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said' nue a Corpora Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemptionvinuiti"st«sre a'* or any r'1eir own Funds in pursuance of the said Acts for establishing the same, or any of them,

dee.ried, C

mltah'on.of

Anions.

General Issue, Treble Costs,

mail continue a corporation till all the said several Annuities inajl be redeemed by rarliament, according to the Provisoes herein before contained in that Behalf; and that the said Governor and Company, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.,

XL. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be i'ued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Actor of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs to him or them awarded ngainfc such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act made in the twenty sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to oblige. Ships more effectually to perform their quarenlir.e, and for the better preventing the Plague being 'brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, 'alderney, Sark or Man, whereby the Rationing of Ships infected with the Plague, to the Northward of Cape Pinijlerre, is confined to the Harbour of Neve Grimjly, and removable to no other Place; and for appointing amorefafe and commodious Place instead thereof.

26 Geo. C 6.

V 2*

I'or former pro v'ijioks refer to9Inn. c. 2.

7 Geo. I ft, I. C

8 Geo. 1. C

JO, & 18.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty sixth Year of the reign of V hi's, present Majesty, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform jjuarejitine; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the lfes of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man; it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That if the Plague shall appear on Board any Ship, being to the Northward of Cape Finisterre, the Mailer, ' Commander or other Person, having charge thereof, shall immediately proceed to the Harbour of New Grimily* in the Hands of Sciliy, and there shall remain till Intelligence thereof' shall be com

The recited cuu repealed,

v^tels mfe&ed( bvinp to the said Harbour of New grimjly be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Co sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Clause in the abovementioned Act, whereby the Rationing of Ships infebled with the Plague, to the Northward of Cape Sin; (Iare, is confined to the Harbour of New Grimjly, and removable to no other Place, shall, from and after the passing of this present Act, be, and is hereby declared to be, and Hand totally repealed to all Intents and Purposes.'.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said pairing of this co Vle. present Act, if the Plague shall appear on Board any Ship or Vessel, being to the Northward of Cape c.ipe finifurre, Finisterre, the Master, Commander or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall im to proceed to mediately proceed to the Harbour of Saint, Helen's Pool, between the uninhabited Hands of Saint Helen s, Sr Helens fl; yean and North I Pit hell, or to such other Place as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with Quarentine" C the Advice of his or their. Privy Council, shall front Time to Time direct and appoint, and shall there; remain in like Manner, and subject to the like Orders, Provisions, Restrictions and Regulations, and subject to the like Penalties, for Disobedience, as are enabled, provided and infridted by the aforesaid Act, with respect to Ships infebled with the Plague proceeding to the Harbour of New Grimjly; and nee incicoi That the customhouse. Officers shall send Intelligence to 'one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of the Secretary State, of all Ships or Vessels infebled with the Plague coming into the said Harbour of Saint He ini's of state. Pool, or such other Place as shall by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of fftffci C 16 his or their Privy Council, be directed and appointed, in such and the like Marnier as they are by the said

customhouse Olfierr co send Xnrice thereof to

647

A.D. 1736. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. g.

said Act obliged and required to do, with regard to Ships so infected coming into the said Harbour of New Grithfbys C

CAP. IX.

An Act for establishing a. Fund for Payment of the Bonds of the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and for exchanging the present Bonds of the said Corporation for other Bonds, payable out of the Revenues of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level; and for enabling the said Corporation to borrow further Sums for the Use of the said Great Level.

PR.

WHEREAS by an at of Parliament made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King 20car.a. C 17

Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Draining of the Great Level of ike Fens, called Bedford Level, taking Notice that Francis Earl of Bedford, according to a Law of Sewers,

made at King's Lynn in the sixth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, had undertaken the Draining of the said Great Level, situate within the Counties of northampton, Norfolk, Suffolk, Lin coin, Cambridge and Huntington, and the Isle of Ely, and bounded as in the said Act is particularly mentioned and described; and that he the said Earl was to have for his Recompense ninety five thousand Acres of the Grounds within the said Level, with convenient Highways and Passages to tyre

same; and that William Earl of Bedford, Son and Heir of the said Earl Francis, with diverse of his ad venturers and Participants, had proceeded in the completing and finishing of the said Works; but that the same could not be preserved without constant Care, great Charge and orderly Government;

it was therefore, amongfr other Things, enacted, That the said William Earl of Bedford, and the Ad ' venturers and Participants of the said. Francis and Earl William, ox either of them, their Heirs and Assigns, in such Manner as in the said Assis contained, should be a Body Politic and Corporate,

in Deed and Name, and have Succession for ever, by the Name of The Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens; with Power to lay Taxes upon the said ninety five thousand Acres only (twelve thousand Acres whereof had been designed and intended for his late Majesty king'.charles the First, and had been set forth and allotted by Bounds

in Severalty) for the Support, Maintenance and Preservation of the said Great Level, and to levy the same with Penalties for nonpayment, and to do alt other Things in order to the Support, Main tenance and Preservation of the said Great Level and Works made, and to be made, in such Manner

as in the said Act is mentioned: And whereas by another Act made in the twentieth Year of the 20 Car; acs, Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the taxing and affefjing of the Lands of the Adventurers within the Great Level of the Fens, it was enacted, That eighty-three thousand Acres,

Parcel of the said ninety five thousand Acres, should from Time to Time be taxed and assessed by a 4 gradual Acre Tax, of different Sorts and Values of Lands; and that, the said twelve thousand Arnres;

Residue of the said ninety five thousand Acres, should be rated at a Medium of the whole Tax, to be from Time to Time assessed upon the said ninety five thousand Acres: And to the End that the said eighty-three thousand Acres might be more equally taxed' by a gradual Tax, certain Persons in the same Ad named were appointed Surveyors and Valuers of the said eighty-three thousand Acres;

and were, within the Time limited by the said Act, to digest the said eighty-three thousand Acres into a Number of Sorts and Degrees, not under the Number of seven Sorts and Degrees, and to late and tax such Degrees, and digest the same into Schedules in.writing, and make Returns thereof,

upon their Oaths, into the Fen Office, in such Adanner as by the faith Act is prescribed: 4 whereas by Valuations made by the several Persons appointed by the said Act of the twentieth of King Charles the second, and duly returned into the Office of the said Corporation in London, the said eighty-three thousand Acres were set out and digested into eleven different Soits and Degrees of Land, and the several Sums to be rated and assessed upon each of the said Sorts and Degrees, as their respective Proportions of the Taxes tube paid to the said Corporation were by the said Valua tions settled and limited; and the said eighty-three thousand Acres have always since been taxed by 4 a gradual acre tax, according to the Degrees and Proportions so let outtand»rallotted, and the said twelve thousand Acres atva Medium of such Tax; a single Tax upon; the said eighty-three thousand Acres, together with the Produce of a proportionable Tax upon the said twelve thousand Acres;

amounting to the Sum of five thousand and fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and twopence: And -- Geo. 2. c. 19. 4 whereas by another Acts made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of his' prcleni Majesty, intituled, An Act for discharging the corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called ledford Level, from Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the Proprietors: of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, to rc.fe Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation; and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level,

and for the more effectual draining and preferring the said North Level, and diverse Lands adjoining thereto,

in the Manor of Crowlartd; taking Notice (amongst other Things) that at a Court of the said Cor:

pot ation, held tire tenth day of March one thousand six hundred and iimety seven, the said Corpo - ration declared, that the said Great Level should be distinguished by the several Names of the North Level, Middle Level, and South Level --, and also taking Notice, that the said Corporation, in order to support and preserve the several Works for draining the said Great Level, had been obliged to borrow

Money,

C g.' Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

C Money and contract Debts, amounting in the whole to the Sum of forty-nine thousand one hundred and fifty-three Pounds eleven Shillings and nine Pence; it was, amongst other Things, _ enacted, That the Paid Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Level of the Fens, and their Successors, and all and every the Lands, Taxes, Rents and Revenues of the said Corporation, should be absolutely discharged from the Sum of eighteen thousand nine hundred and thirteen Pounds eleven Shillings and nine Pence (Part of the said Debt of forty-nine thousand one hundred and fifty-three Pounds eleven Shillings and nine Pence) due and owing to the most noble John Duke of Bedford, and the right honourable Henry Earl of Lincoln, who are the Owners of the greatest Part of the Lands lying within the said North Level; and that the Sum of one thousand eight hundred Pounds, to be raised from the taxable Lands, lying within the said North Level, in the Man ' ner by the said act directed, should, when raised, be applied in Discharge of the Proportion of the said North Level of and in the Residue of the said Debt of forty-nine thousand one hundred fifty-three Pounds eleven Shillings and nine Pence: And it was by the said last mentioned act also further enabled and declared, That the Taxes chargeable by virtue of the said Acts of the fifteenth and twen tieth Years of King Charles the Second, upon the taxable Lands within the said North Level, Should be always thereafter fixed and settled upon so much thereof as shall be Part of the said eighty three thousand Acres, at a Tax and a Quarter, and on so much thereof as shall be Part of the said twelve thousand Acres, in Proportion thereto, according to the said act of the twentieth of King Charles the Second, and Should not be lessened or increased under any Pretence whatsoever; and that all the Money which Should arise or be produced by the said Taxes, within the said North Level, and all other the Rents and Revenues arising and payable to the said Corporation, by, from or out of the said North Level, or any Part thereof, Should from thenceforth be applied and disposed of by the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, and their Successors, in and about the several Banks and Works of the said North Level, in the said Act particularly mentioned, and to and for no other Purpose whatsoever; and that the said North Level, and all and singular the Lands, Tenements,

Rents, Taxes and Revenues thereof, should be freed, exonerated and discharged, of and from the Residue of the said Debt of forty-nine thousand one hundred and fifty-three Pounds eleven Shillings and nine Pence, and all Interest payable for and in respect thereof; and that the said North Level,

or the Lands, Tenements, Rents, Revenues and Taxes thereof, or of any Part thereof, should not be subject or liable to the Payment of any Debt, or Sum or Sums of Money, which should at any Time thereafter be contracted, taken up or borrowed by the said Corporation, for or on Account of the said Middle or South Levels or either of them; and also that the said Middle and South Levels or either of them, or the Lands, Tenements, Rents, Revenues and Taxes of them or either of them, should not be subject or liable to the Payment of any Debt, or Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, which should at any Time thereafter be contracted, taken up or borrowed by the said Corporation, on Account of the said North Level: And whereas, the said Sum of one thousand eight hundred Pounds has been raised and applied in pursuance of the said act of the twenty seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and the said Corporation have also, since the making of the said last mentioned Act, paid off the Sum of one thousand Pounds, in further Part of the said Debt of forty-nine thousand one hundred and fifty-three Pounds eleven Shillings and nine Pence, over and besides the said Sum of one thousand eight hundred Pounds raised and applied as aforesaid; the Debt of the said Corporation is reduced to the Sum of twenty seven thousand four hundred and forty Pounds: And whereas the said Debt of twenty seven thousand four hundred and forty Pounds is secured by Bonds, under the Seal of the said Corporation, who have thereby bound and obliged themselves to pay the several Sums mentioned in the said respective Bonds; and inasmuch as the said Sum of twenty seven thousand four hundred and forty Pounds is, by the said act of the twenty seventh Year of his present Majesty, become a 4 Charge upon the said.middle and South Levels only, it is become necessary to exchange the Bonds for securing the said Debt, and to mention in the new Bonds, to be given for that Purpose, that the Money so to be secured is due from the said Middle and South Levels only: And whereas Doubts have arisen amongst the Creditors of the said Corporation, concerning the Securities they now have for their respective Debts, by reason that the said Corporation have it in their Power, under the be fore mentioned Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth of King Charles the Second, either to tax such Parts of the said ninety five thousand Acres as lie within the said Middle and South Levels, with very small Taxes, or not to tax the same at all, whereby the Fund for the Payment of the Debts due to the said Creditors may become deficient: And whereas the said Corporation may have Occa lion to borrow further Sums of Money for the Support and Preservation of the said Great Level;

and it will be necessary to distinguish in all future Bonds to be entered into by the said Corporation,

whether the Money borrowed upon such Bonds be for or on Account of the said Middle and South Levels, or for or on Account of the said North levelto the End therefore that a sufficient Fund may be at all Times hereafter raised and secured for Payment of the Bonds of the said Corporation; and that the Bonds given by the said Corporation for the said Sum of twenty seven thousand four hundred and forty Pounds may be exchanged as aforesaid; that the said Corporation may be enabled to boirow such further Sums as shall be necessary for the Support and Preservation of the said Great level; and that distinct Bonds may be given for the Money which shall be so borrowed upon Account of the said Middle and South Levels, and upon Account of the said North Level; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That during such Time as any Debt or Sum of Money shall be due and owing from or upon Account of the

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

said Middle and South Levels, all fuel. Parts of the said eighty-three thousand Acres as lie within the a fingie Tax '0 said Levels, or either of them, shall yearly and every Year be, and the same are hereby rated, taxed, mi^v'an'd 1'1' charged and affected by and with a iingle' gradual acre tax; and such Parts of the said twelve thou South Levels, sand Acres as lie within the said Middle or South Levels, with a Medium of such single gradual Acre during the cmi tax, according to the said Act of the twentieth of King Charles the Second, and the Valuations made Debt thereon in pursuance thereof.

II. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, of the said Corporation im corporation, from Time to Time, to rate, tax, charge or assess, all such Parts of the said eighty-three powered to lay thousand Acres, and twelve thousand Acres, as lie within the said Middle or South Levels, with any far necessary/'f thertax, which they the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators shall judge necessary, in the same

Manner as they might have done before the making of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the Bonds heretofore given by the said Corporation, New Bonds to for securing the Payment of the said Debt of twenty seven thousand four hundred and forty Pounds, the tii^eondsfo feid Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or any five or more of them, whereof the said Governor or ihepresentdebt. Bailiffs, or any of them, to be two, shall give other Bonds under the Common Seal of the said Corporation, for the respective Sums due to the Person or Persons possessed of such Bonds, mentioning in the

Bonds so to be given, that the Money secured thereby, is due and owing upon Account of the said Middle and South Levels; and all and singular the Rents, Taxes and Revenues, of the said Middle and South Levels, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, a Security for, and shall be charged and chargeable with the Payment of the Sums mentioned in such Bonds, and all Interest due, and to become due thereupon.

IV. And to the End, that the said Corporation may be at all Times enabled to raise such Sums of Corporation im money as shall be necessary for the Support and Preservation of the said Great Level, and for defray p°wfr£dtlh°ebofe ing the other necessary Expenses attending the same; Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for of rtienorth 16 the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or any seven or more of them, whereof the said Gover Level, not ex nor or Bailiffs, or any of them, to be two, with the Consent of the Duke of Bedford, his Heirs or Af cecdms 5; oo) signs. Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor of Thorney, and of the Earl of Lincoln, his Heirs

or Assigns, Owner or Owners of High and Low Borough Fen, from Time to Time to borrow upon Bonds, under the Common Seal of the said Corporation, such Sum or Sums of Money, as they the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or any seven or more of them, as aforesaid, shall judge necessary, for the Use of the said North Level, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of five thousand Pounds; declaring in such Bonds, that the Money secured thereby, is due and owing upon Account of the said North Level; and also any Sum or Sums of Money, which they the said Governor, Bailiffs and Confer and any Sum for vators, or any seven or more of them, as aforesaid, shall judge necessary, for the Use of the said Middle souihlcvels" so and South Levels, or either of them, so as by the borrowing of such Sum or Sums, the Debt of the as the whole said Corporation upon Account of the said Middle and South Levels, be not at any Time made to exceed Debt do not exin the Whole, the Sum of thirty-two thousand Pounds; declaring in the Bonds to be given for such Sum cecd 32, 000'or Sums, that the Money secured thereby is due and owing upon Account of the said Middle and South Levels: And the respective Rents, Taxes and Revenues of the said North Level, and of the said Middle and South Levels, ball be, and they are hereby made a Security for Repayment of the Sums so respectively to be borrowed, with legal or less Interest for the same, as shall be agreed upon between the said Corporation, and the Person or Persons lending such Money; but no Money to be borrowed Money bonw upon Account of the said North Level shall be charged or chargeable upon any of the Rents, Taxes or Voi to bc Revenues of the said Middle and South Levels, or either of them; nor shall any Money to be borrowed chargeable on on Account of the said Middle and South Levels be charged or chargeable upon any of the Rents, Taxes, he Middle and or Revenues of the said North Level, or any Part thereof. and Vice versa?

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Bonds to be hereafter given by the said Corporation Bonds to be

shall be numbered, beginning with Number one, and so proceeding in arithmetical Progression; and that.twmberedj 3|'d no Bond shall be given for any greater or less Sum than one hundred Pounds. twndcol

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds to be given by the said Corporation shall be transferable

or assignable by Endorsement upon the original Bond, without Stamps, to any Person or Persons Jye wi\vout whomsoever; and such Transfer or Assignment being produced to the Register of the said Corporation, Stamps, and by him entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, (which Entry the said Register is hereby Alignments .0^ required to make upon Request, the Person producing such Transfer or Assignment paying the Sum of ffff 0l.1.. two Shillings and six Penee for every such Entry) shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer or Assignment shall be made, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, to the.

Money secured by such Bond, and all Interest due or to grow due thereupon: And such Assignee or af signecs may in like Manner, by Endorsement without Stamp, assign and transfer such Bond or Bonds so assigned as aforesaid; so toties quoties, as Occasion shall require; every such Assignment being entered in loeh Book as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the Rents, Taxes and Sums of Money to be Money raised by received, raised or levied by the said Corporation, from, upon or upon Account of such Part of the said the corp. ati ninety five thousand Acres as lie within the said North Level, shall be charged and chargeable, in the Lands'in

first Place, with the Payment of such Sums of Money as shall at any Time hereafter be borrowed by the spefliveis said Corporation upon Account of the said North Level, and the Interest of such Sums; anything in jjowtobeap the said Act of the twenty seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign to the contrary thereof in any' lic" wise notwithstanding: that all and singular the Rents, Taxes and Sums of Money to be received, raised or levied by the said Corporation, from, upon or upon Account of such Part of the said ninety five thousand Acres as fie within the said Middle and South Levels, or either of them, shall be charged

(>5° C io.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

Bonds to be paid off upon iix Months Notice.

If not paid, Revenues of the Corporation to vest in the Possessors

ol the Bonds.

0i/lm£t Accounts tobskept olthe Revenues of the respeffcive Levels.

[Public Act.]

and chargeable, in the liift Place, with the Payment of the aforesaid Debt of twenty seven thousand four hundred and forty pounds, and of such other Sums of Money as shall be borrowed upon Account of the said Middle and South Levels, and of the Interest of such Debt, and Sums of Money: And the Re, ceiver of the said Corporation is hereby impowered and required, out of the (irft Money which (half from Time to Time come to his Hands, arising from the Rents, Taxes and Revenues of the said North Level, to pay the Interest of such Bonds as shall be entered into upon Account of the said North Level, and also the principal Money due upon such Bonds, upon six Months notice left for that purpose at the Office of the said Corporation in London, by the Person or Persons possessed of such Bonds; and the said Receiver is also hereby impowered and required, out of the first Money which shall from Time to Time come to his Hands, arising from the Rents, Taxes and Revenues of the said Middle and South Levels, to pay the Interest of such Bonds as shall be entered into upon Account of the said Middle and South Levels, and also the principal Money due upon such Bonds, upon like Notice left at the Office of the said Corporation.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That in case any of tyre Bonds to be

fiven by the said Corporation, upon Account of the said North Level, or upon Account of the said diddle and South Levels, shall not be paid by the said Receiver, pursuant to such Notice left or given as aforesaid, then the Rents, Taxes and Revenues of the said North Level, and of the said Middle and South Levels, shall respectively vest in the Person or Persons possessed of such Bonds, until the same, together with all Interest due thereupon, shall be fully satisfied and paid: And such Person or Persons, their Executors, Administrators or altigns, shall have the same Power, Rights and Privileges of recovering the said Rents, Taxes and Revenues of the said North Level, and of the said Middle and South Levels respectively, as the said Corporation would have had, in case such Bonds had been regularly and fully satisfied and paid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That a distinct Account 111311, from Time to Time, be kept of the Rents, Taxes, Revenues and Sums of Money, arising and payable to rthe said Corporation within the said North Level, and of all Moneys which shall be applied and disposed of for the Use or upon Account of The said North Level, or any Part thereof; and that a like Account shall from Time to Time be kept of the Rents, Taxes, Revenues and Sums of Money, arising and payable to the said Corporation within the said Middle and South Levels, and of all Moneys which shall be applied and disposed of for the Use. or upon Account of the said Middle and South Levels, or either of them.

X. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed, in all Courts within this Kingdom, to be a public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. X

An act for the better ascertaining, recovering and collecting certain Duties payable upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes into or out of the Harbour of the Town and County of Pool; and also of Ballad and Boomage Duties, payable in respect of Ships and Vessels coming into and going out of the said Harbour; and for the enlarging, better repairing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour, and the Quays and Wharves; and for providing a proper place for keeping Gunpowder in or near the said Town; and for edablishing and regulating a nightly Watch, and enlightening the Streets in the said Town.,

PR.

WHEREAS the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses and Commonalty of the Town and County of the Town of Pool have, Time out of Mind, received and been intirled to receive certain Duties called Petty Customs or Wharfage, upon the Importation and Exportation of all Goods and Merchan dizes into and out of the Harbour of Pool aforesaid, from the Owner, Importer or Exporter of such Goods and Merchandizes, and also certain other Duties called Boomage and Ballast Duty, from the Mailers or Commanders of Ships and Vessels; which said several Duties have been constantly under the Management of the Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgesses of the said Town and County of the Town of Pool, as Trustees and Managers; and the said Duties have been applied for the repairing the said Harbour, Quays and Wharves, and other Works necessary for the more convenient Use of the same, within the said Town and County: And whereas several Persons have refused to pay the said Duties, induced thereto by the great Difficulties in supporting, by ftriift legal Evidence, prescriptive Claims and Rights to Duties on each particular Species of Goods, and the exact and precise Sums payable for the same: And although the said Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses and Commonalty have brought several Actions, in order to establish such their ancient Rights; yet, by Means of the Expenses in carrying on such Suits, and the many continued Evasions and Refusals of Payment, the Aloney raised such Duties is not sufficient to repair the said Harbour, Quays and Wharves, which are now in a ' ruinous Condition, and will be entirely destroyed, if not timely prevented: For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, C "

"shall be paid to the Mayor, e. the Rates and Duties mentioned in the Schedule, and no others. 44 Mayor, fsv. to appoint and remove Officers, allow Salaries to, and take Securities from such Officers "(sfc. to keep Accounts. Rates and Duties to be levied by Distress. Matters, UY. of "Ships not delivering in an account of their Loadings, to forfeit ioi. Goods that have paid the Duty

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. Crio.

"on Importation, not chargeable on Exportation. quay masters may appoint the mooring, &c. of "Ships. Mailers, &c. of Ships not observing his Directions, to forfeit 40 r., The Money to be ap "to the cleansing and enlarging the Harbour, Wharves, &c. Persons chargeable to the Repairs of "Wharves, to continue so. Mayor, &c. may purchase Lands for enlarging the Wharves. where Per "are incapable, or refuse to treat for Sale of Lands, the Damage and Recompense to be assessed by "a Jury. Lands purchased, to be deemed public Quays or Wharves. Mayor, V may borrow Mo "on the Credit of the Tolls. Assignments may be transferred. Goods, landed ilw.ll be removed " from the Quays, Lfr. in 3 Days, On Penalty of 12'd. per Tonne; and the lame pfcrial ty for every "Hours afterwards: Persons emptying Hall ail, (sc. into the Harbour, liable to such Penalties as "Persons convicted for public Nufances. Mayor and eleven Commissioners to be. chosen yearly by the "Inhabitants. On Death or Removal of Commissioners, others to be chosen. In case the Inhabitants "neglect to appoint Commissioners, the Mayor and Bailiffs are to put the Act in Execution; nd on "their Refusal. Majority of the Inhabitants. Commissioners to appoint Watchmen, who shall execute "Orders of the Commissioners, under Penalty of for. Commissioners to appoint Number and Sort of "Lamps; and regulate the Watchmen; and the Manner olkeeping and lighting the Lamps. Orders "relating to the Watch to be delivered to the Water Bailiff and Assistant Constables, who shall keep Watch and Ward by Turns, endeavour to prevent Mischiefs by Fire, apprehend disorderly Persons "take Notice if the Watchmen do their Duties. Mayor and one justice may remove Watchmen. C Watchmen to apprehend disorderly Persons. Commissioners to appoint Assessors, who are to assess "and Occupiers of Houses, &c. which shall be allowed by two Justices, and collected quarterly "or half yearly. Assessments may be levied by Distress and Sale. Security to be taken of Collectors; "and Salaries to be allowed to them. Differences to be determined by the Mayor and Justices. If Persons "to pay any Rate shall remove, it may be levied, or recovered by Action. No Settlement shall "gained by Payment of the Rates. If Persons neglect to account, and pay the Money remaining "in their Hands, it may be levied by Distress; and for want of Distress the Person to be committed.' If "any Money shall be lost, an additional Affement shall be made. Property of Lamps vested in the "Mayor, &c. The Assessments to be applied for watching and lighting the Town, and building a "Magazine for Gunpowder. .5l. Penalty on Persons breaking Lamps. Persons may lodge Gunpowder "in the Magazine paying sixpence a Hundred Weight. No more than tolb. of Gunpowder to be kept "in any House, &c. or aboard a Ship. Justices may issue Warrants to search for Gunpowder, and seize "sell the same. Exception for Gunpowder belonging to his Majesty. Persons aggrieved may appeal "to the Quarter sessions. Inhabitants of Pool allowed to be Evidences.".

The Schedule referred to, viz. For Harbour Duties, Quayage or Wharfage, Boomage and Ballast Duties, chargeable on Goods, and to be payable by the Mailer of every Ship coming into, loading or unloading any in Pool Harbour.

"For every Tonne of Goods, slipped or unshipped within the Limits of the Harbour of p.oolc, 3 d,

"Provided that it shall be lawful to import or export Goods, ! into or from any Part of the Channel "leading to Wareham, to the Westward of the Southwell Buoy off the Bulwarks of Hamkey, and near "the Entrance of the little Channel leading to the Town of Pool, free from the Laid Duty; neither "shall any Duty be paid for bringing Goods in Boats without Decks from Wareham, or any Part of the "Channel to the Well of the Southwell Buoy, or any Part of the Isle of Purbeck within North Haven "Point, to Pool, or from Pool to Wareham, See."

B O O ima G E.

"For Boomage the following Duties shall be paid, except for such Vessels' as are employed in Fishing "Dredging, viz.

"Every decked Vessel of the Burden of 10 Tonnes, or tinder, 6d. Of 20 Tdns, or above 10 Tonnes, 1 s. "Of 30 Tonnes, or above 20 Tonnes, 2;. Of 40 Tonnes, or above 30 Tonnes, 3 s. Of 50 Tonnes, or above "40 Tonnes, 4*. Of 60 Tonnes, or above 50 Tonnes, 5 5. Of too Tonnes, or above 60 Tonnes, 6s. Of "a Burden above 100 Tonnes, 7 s."

BALLAST.

"For Ballast the following Duties, viz. For every Tonne of Ballast, shipped or unshipped, d.

"It shall be lawful to fttip or unship Ballast in any Part of the Channel leading to lvareham, to thb "Westward of the Southwell Buoy, or any Part of the He of Purbeck, widish North Haven Point, "Duty free; any Ship throwing out Ballast at any Quay within the Mouth of the little Channel "within Pool Stakes, leading to the Laid Town of Pool, in order to careen, shall only pay 6 d. per "ff'on; and no Duty shall be paid for reshipping the same. tobacco pipe clay shall be free."

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

652 C II 12.

CAP. XI.

An Act for the better supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels.

FOR the cetter Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Corn merchant Ships mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after ^dybbefarvika' Act, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty

Saamen, 0^180 feveil and no longer (except in respect to fuclt Merchant Ships and other trading Ships or Vessels which shall be on their Voyage before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, who shall be and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning home navigated in the Manner as herein after is provided) it shall and may be lawful for any Merchant Ship or other trading Ship or Vessel to be navigated by foreign Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain, or of so as they exceed any 'be Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty's natural or naturalised Subjects; so

not three fourths as the Number of such foreign Seamen or Mariners do not exceed three fourths of the Mariners at any ri': h Crevv' one Time employed to navigate such Merchant Ship or other trading Ship or Vessel; and that one fourth Fourilfbe Na at 'be Mariners or Seamen so employed be at all Times Natives, or his Majesty's naturalised

tives, C Subjects of Great Britain, (sudden Death, and Hazard and Casualties of War and the Seas, saved notwithstanding anc excepted) one Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King incar. c.c. i2. chaiu.es the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing Shipping and Navigation, or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

The King's Pro

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away or restrain the chmacion not t Eft'eft of any such Royal Proclamation as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, are empowered to make thereby Dy virtue of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better 13 Geo. 2. c. 3. Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majests Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Privateers.'.

CAP. XII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors; and for establishing a Method for granting such Licences in Scotland and for allowing such Licences to be granted at a Petty Session in England, in a certain Case therein mentioned.

Mof Gracious Sovereign,

9 Ann. C z3.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for Hcenfing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and for charging certain new Duties onjiampt Vilium. Parchment and Paper, " and on Cards and Dice, and on the Exportation of Rock Salt for Ireland; and for securing thereby, and by a weekly Payment out of the Post Office, and by several Duties on Hides and Skins, a yearly Fund of one hundred and eighty six thousand Jix hundred and seventy Pounds, for thirty-two Years, to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders as are therein mentioned, to the Contributors of any Sums not exceeding two Millions, to be raised for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, it was amongst other Things enacted, That there Should be raised, levied, collected and paid unto, and for the Lie of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for the several and respective things in the said Act mentioned, which Should be ingrossed, printed or written, the several and respective Rates, Duties, Charges and Sums of Money, in the said Act expressed; that for every Piece of Vellum or Parch mentor Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which (within or during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the thirty first Day of August in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eleven) ' Should be ingrossed or written any Licence for selling of Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, by Retail, the Sum or Duty of one Shilling Should be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto and for the! Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, in such Manner as in the said Act is expressed; which 3 Geo. j. C 7. ' Duty was, amongst other Rates and Duties, by an Act of the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, made perpetual, and made Part of the Fund, commonly called Thee Geo. j. c.zi.' ' General Fund: And whereas by a Clause of an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the public Revenues oj Excise, Cufoms, Stamp Duties, Post Office and House Money, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That ail Mayors, Town Clerks and other Persons whom it may concern, who shall take any Recognizances from Persons for whom Licences are intended for selling Ale and other exciseable Liquors, shall be obliged to make, or cause to be made out, Ale Licences, duly stamped, before such Recognizances be taken, under the Penalty ot ten Pounds for every fuclt Offence: And whereas by an Act 16 Geo. a. C 8. ' made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, and on Licences for retailing the same; and for laying other Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences to retail the said Liquors; all Persons are forbid, under the Penalties by the said Act inflicted, to retail certain Spirituous Liquors therein enumerated, without first taking out a yearly Licence for that purpose, in Manner in the said Act directed; for which Licence the Sum of twenty Shillings yearly is thereby directed to be paid; And it is also thereby enacted, That

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 12. 653

no such Licence shall be granted for selling by Retail any Spirituous Liquors or strong Waters whatso ever, except to such Persons only who shall keep Taverns, victualling houses, Inns, coffee houses or alehouses: it is thereby provided and declared, That nothing in the said Act shall extend, or be construed to enable any Person or Persons to sell any Spirituous Liquors or strongwaters by Retail, un less such Person or Persons be first licensed to sell Ale or Spirituous Liquors by two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City or Liberty, wherein such Person or Persons shall sell the said Liquors, under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices: whereas by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to4 Geo. c. 40.

his Majesty an additional Duty upon Spirituous Liquors, and upon Licences for retailing the same; and for repealing the Act of the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting a Duty

to his Majesty to be paid by Distillers, upon Licences to be taken out by them for retailing Spirituous

Liquors 5 and for the more effectual refraining the retailing of difiilled Spirituous Liquors; and for allow

ing a Drawback upon the Exportation of British made Spirits; and that the Parish of Saint Mary le Bon, 29 Geo. 2. c. 7.

in the County of Middlesex, shall be under the Inspection of the Head Office of Excise; an additional Far rormlr Duty of twenty Shillings per Annum is directed to be paid for every Licence taken out for restamp Duties tailing Spirituous Liquors, to be paid down in like Manner, and at the same Time, and to be/^5lv & M. e.

levied by the same Means, and under the like Penalties, as the Duty upon Licences to be granted r,

by virtue of the said Act made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty is di go

redied to be raised, levied, collected and paid: And whereas by an Act made in this Session of >3

Parliament, the Interest of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the Sum of two millions ad vanced on the Credit of the said Act, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Annum, 3 Ann. C 19.

and the Interest: of five hundred thousand Pounds, Residue of the said Sum of two millions, after b f c 9

the Rate of three Pounds per Annum, are charged upon the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund: 'ff c'11 We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal bubjedts, the Commons of Great Britain in Parlia 20 Ann, C iq inent assembled, towards making good the said Interest of the said Sum of two millions charged on the, said Fund, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty a Duty of twenty Shillings for every jnlf.l. c.-j. Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrafted, written. or 5 Geo. 1. C imprinted, any Licence from Justices of the Peace for selling Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors by Retail in Great Britain, over and above all other Duties chargeable thereupon; And do therefore moil, ga*i.'c?8." humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excel 12 Geo. 1. c. 33. lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com \§qc' 2' mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Feast of Eajicr one thousand seven handred and fifty six, there shall be, throughout the Kingdom of Additional Great Britain, raised, levied, collected and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Pur ^stsaid on i pose aforesaid, a Duty of twenty Shillings for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or cencesforretaii piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrafted, written or printed, any such Licence for selling Ale in8beer, and or Beer, or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, over and above all other Duties chargeable there Liquors^upon. '

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more effectual levy der themanage ing, collecting and paying the said Duty of twenty Shillings, the same shall be under the Government, ment of the 6 Care and Management, of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties £°'stna, "ri°']ers charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, are hereby re who freto'ap quired and empowered, to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and to cause such point Officers, new Stamp to be provided, to denote the said Duty of twenty Shillings, as shall be requisite in that and p/tavide a Behalf; and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution with relation new amp'

to the said Duty hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner, as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vellum, Parchment and Pa p2per, C for per, upon which any such Licence shall from and after the Feast of Easter one thousand seven hundred Licences to be and fifty six, be ingrafted, written or printed, be brought to the Head Office for damping or marking stamp Office Vellum, Parchment and Paper; and the said Commissioners by themselves, or by their Officers imf ployed under them, shall forthwith upon Demand to them made, by any Person or Persons, from time

to time, Stamp or Mark any Quantities or Parcels of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to be used for the and Duties to Purpose of ingrafting, writing or printing such Licence, he or they paying to the receiver-general of bepaidupen the Stamp Duties for the time being, or to his Deputy or Clerk, the Duty payable for the same by stampuig. this Act, without any Fee or Reward; which Stamp or Mark to be put thereupon in pursuance of this Act, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Duty hereby payable for the said Vellum, Parchment or Paper, which shall be so stamped or marked.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, and all other anttcther'o' 5 Officers who shall be employed in or about the collecting or managing of the said Duty hereby grant ficerstoobey ed, shall in the Execution of their Offices and Trull, obstrve and perform such Rules, Methods and of the Orders, as they respectively shall, from time to time, receive from the Commissioners of the Treasury, No'feepkyabie or the Treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being; and that no See or Reward shall be demanded on Account of or taken by any such Commissioners and Officers relating to the said Duty, from any of his Majesty's pl.dutiei, Subjects, for any Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act; and in case any Officer in ing^fjouty' trusted in the Execution of this Act, in relation to the said Duty, shall refuse or neglect to perform any to thedamaje Matter or Thing by this Act required to be done or performed by him, whereby any of his Majesty's o^ncthen Subjects shall or may sustain any Damage whatsoever, such Officer so offending shall be liable by any she tame, w?tb

Action treble Costs.

654 C 12.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

of to take Care tliatsufficient Quantities of stamped Paper, C be distri fcuted.

Price of stamped

ment.

Stamped maybe altered, or renewed.

Action to be founded on this Statute, to answer to the Party grieved all such Damage, with treble Cods

of Suit.

midvofttere. VAN' L is l)ereky further enacted, That the Duty hereby granted, shall be paid, from time to time, ceiver General" mto the Hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the Duties of stamped Vellum, parch of the Stamps, ment and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account thereof, and pay the same (the necef

and by him into fary Charges of raising, paying and accounting for the same excepted) into the Receipt of the Exche

the Exchequer, quer, for the Purpose in the said Act expressed, at such Time, and in such Manner, as any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, are directed to be paid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said of for the

time being, shall take care that the several Parts of the Kingdom of Great Britain shall, from time to time, be sufficiently furnished with Vellum, Parchment and Paper, stamped and marked as by this Act is

directed, to the End that the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may have it in their

Election to buy the same of the Officers and Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners, at the usual and most common Rates above the said Duty, or to bring their own Vellum, Parchment or Paper to be stamped or marked as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Price of such stamped Vellum, yearly fefl an Parchment and Paper, shall be yearly set, and such Price stamped, and such Allowance made upon pre usualallowance sent Payment of the said Duty, for any Quantity of the said Vellum, Parchment or Paper, so by the made for said Commissioners to be sold, in such Manner as by any former Law relating to stamped Vellum, prompt Pay Parchment or Paper is directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Stamp hereby directed to be provided and used, shall and may be altered or renewed in such Manner as any other Stamp on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, are by any former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Pa

Allowance to be Per directed to be altered or renewed; and that all Persons who shall have in their Custody or poflef made thereupon lion, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, marked with the Stamp or Mark which shall be so altered or ra]01? (&mpt renewec^ r on which a new Stamp is hereby directed to be impressed, shall have the like Remedy and apei, C Allowance, as by any former Law ralating to stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, is in like Cases directed.

Penalties on

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, and their Bteachof Trust, Officers, shall be subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures for any Breach of the Trull hereby in them non of pontes, reposed, or for diverting or misapplying of the Money received in pursuance of this A CL as by any for bycommission Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, are inflicted.

ers or Officers. ' X And whereas Ale, Beer, and other exciseable Liquors, which cannot be sold by Retail in that Dvries see farther art, Great Britain, called England, without Licence from Justices of the Peace, may be sold by

ra.11.mi30 ' Retail without any Licence in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And whereas it is expedi

gea.z. C 19. ' ent that Retailers of such Liquors in both Parts of this Kingdom, should be subject to the like Pow

32 co. z. C 35. C ers an(j Authorities Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Persons keeping twenty-fifrh Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, in every Royal Borough, and from Aiehouses in b and after the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, in every Shire and Stew Scotland, to be artry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, no Person shall keep any ale house, tippling house, or V idtualling house, or sell Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, but such Persons only who shall be annually thereto admitted, allowed and licensed according to the Directions contained in this Act.

Justices in Scot

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace in each Shire and Stewartry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall have full Power and Authority', and they are hereby empowered and required, annually to assemble and meet together, in their respective Shires and Stewartries, on the first Day of November, or on the next lawful Day thereafter, at the Hour

and Place when and where the General Quarter Sessions for such Shire or Stewartry have usually been

held, the first Assembly or Meeting to be held bn the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and at such annual Meeting to admit, allow and license, for the Year then next ensuing, such and so many Persons as the major Part of the Justices then assembled shall think meet and convenient, to keep ale houses, tippling houses, victualling houses, or to sell Ale, Beer, or other excise able Liquors by Retail, within inch respective Shire or Stewartry, or in the Event hereafter mentioned, within any Royal Borough or Boroughs, situated in such Shire or Stewartry; and the said Justices shall deliver or cause to be delivered, to each Person so by them admitted, allowed and licensed, a Licence ingrossed, written or printed, upon a Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper stamped, as by this Act is directed, with a Stamp denoting the Payment of the Duty of twenty Shillings, and signed by the Praefes See of is.pay of the said Meeting, and by the Clerk of the Peace of the said Shire or Stewartry; for each of which Lienee To the licences, there shall be paid and payable the Sum of one Shilling to the Clerk of the Peace, for his L'ierk of the rouble and See, over and above the said Sum of twenty Shillings, for the Stamp Duty imposed by this Peace Act, and no further or greater Sum shall be demanded or paid for each Licence, upon any Account or

Pretence whatsoever.

XII. And for the more ready and convenient granting of Licences to Persons residing in the Royal Boroughs, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Royalties thereof; Be it farther enacted Magistrates of by the Authority aforesaid, That the Magistrates of each Royal Borough shall yearly and every Year, to°ni'etyearly's°n the twenty filth Day of October, or the next lawful Day thereafter, the first Meeting to be on the for the like pur twenty fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, assemble and meet together, at the pe Time and Place when and where they usually have met, for transacting the Business of such Royal Borough

; and the said Magistrates, or any two of them at least, shall at such annual Meeting, admit, allow

land to meet annually,

to license ale houses,

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

C 12. 655

a

um

low and license, for the Year then next ensuing, such and so many Persons as the said Magistrates, or two of them at the least, shall think meet and convenient, to keep ale houses, tippling houses, vic tualliitg houses, or to sell Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, within every such Royal Borough, and the Royalty thereof; and the said Magistrates, or two of them at the least, shall deliver or caute to be delivered to each Person so by them admitted, allowed and licensed, a Licence ingrossed, written or printed, upon a Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, stamped as by this Act is directed, with a Stamp denoting the Payment of the Duty of twenty Shillings, and signed by two of the said Magistrates, and by the Clerk of such Royal Borough; for each of which Licences the like See of one Shilling, over and above the said Sum of twenty Shillings, and no more, shall be paid as is hereby directed to be paid for Licences granted in Shires and Stewartries.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if in any Royal Borough, there shall not be a ivh.?re sufficient Number of Magistrates capable to grant Licences pursuant to the Qualifications and Directions fuss, ck°nt Nu. of this Act, at any of the Times when Licences for ale houses, tippling houses, or victualling houses ber of magi in the Royal Boroughs, are hereby appointed to be granted, then and in such Case it shall and may be ^at^o101a^o' "lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace of the said Shire or Stewartry, in which such Royal Bo rcugh°jmic°c"s rough or Boroughs shall be situated, to grant Licences for such Royal Borough or Boroughs, at the may grant LI same Time, and in the same Manner, as they are hereby empowered to do for the Shire or Stewartry; conces» and all Licences so granted for Royal Boroughs by Justices of the Peace of the Shire or Stewartry, shall to (, e porce continue in Force until the next annual Day for granting Licences according to this Act, and no for one Year longer. on, y

XIV. And whereas Persons may presume to keep ale houses, tippling houses, or Victualling houses, or to sell Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, without such Licence as is hereby required; '

Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who after the twenty-fifth Day of October i^n^convicted" one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, in Royal Boroughs, and after the first Day of November one of keeping un thousand seven hundred and fifty six, in Shires and Stewartries, shall keep an ale house, Tippling licensed aie house or victualling house, or shall sell Ale, Beer, _ or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, without be houses' ing licensed thereunto according to the Directions of this Act, and shall be thereof convicted within one Month after such Offence committed, on his on her Confession, or the Oath of one credible Witness, th/firfkm^" by any two Justices of the Peace of the Shire or Stewartry, or by any two Magistrates in any Royal fenced 5 s.' Borough where such Offender shall reside or be licensed, every such Offender shall forfeit and pay for for thetecond the first Offence, the Sum of five Shillings, for the second Offence the Sum of ten Shillings, and for Jos; the third Offence the Sum of twenty Shillings, and shall, after the said third Offence, be incapable of2°rs.k lr keeping an Alehouse, tippling house, or victualling house, or of selling Ale, Beer, or other exciseable and to be dif liquors by Retail, by virtue of any Licence granted before such Conviction, or of having any Licence <fuallfied > for such Purpose thereafter; and if any such Offender shall continue to commit any of the aforesaid and for every Offences, then such Offender shall, for every Offence subsequent to Iris third Conviction, forfeit and fcnc^ti" L pay the Sum of forty Shillings; all which respective Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be levied lene s by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender (rendering to him or her the distrcstand^Overplus, after the Charges of the said Distress and Sale are deducted) by Warrant signed by the Ju Sale; ftices or Magistrates respectively who do convict such Offender; which laid Penalties shall be paid and °'lcimf "'e(ryltr° applied, one Half thereof to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish where such the othe^o the Offence shall be committed; and such Conviction signed by the said two Justices or Magistrates respectPoor of the tively, shall be good and fuffeient in Law to all intents and Purposes; the said Justices or Magi to

strates respectively, shall, immediately after the said Conviction is signed as aforesaid, intimate, or cause be imimttd to to be intimated, the said Conviction to the Person convicted, and shall return or certify the same, and the offender, the Proceedings therein, to the Clerk of the Peace of the Shire or Stewartry in which such Justices "or thecierifof the Magistrates do ad, or in which the Royal Borough shall be situated, to be by the said Clerk pre served peaces amongst the Records of the said Shire or Stewartry. and recoided.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person ag persons ari: V grieved by such Conviction shall be minded to appeal from such Conviction, it shall and may be lawful edmay appeal to and for such Person, within two Days after such Conviction shall have been intimated to him or her,

to appeal to the next ensuing Quarter sessions, or Adjournment thereof, which shall be held for the "cn"

Shire or Stewartry where such Offence shall have been committed, or wherein such Royal Borough is situated; the Justices of the Peace assembled at such Quarter sessions or Adjournment, are hereby authorised and empowered to hear and determine the said Appeals, and to give and cause to be executed such Judgement or Sentence, as in their Opinion the Justices or Magistrates from whom the Case is appealed, ought to have given.

XVI. Provided always, That the Person appealing shall with all convenient Speed, and before the Notice, and

Meeting of the said Quarter sessions or Adjournment thereof, leave his or her Reasons of Appeal in Ap

Writing with the Clerk of the Peace of the said Shire or Stewartry, and also attend, and with Effect ^itii the clerk prosecute, such his or her Appeal at the said Quarter sessions or Adjournment thereof; and the Clerk of the Peace, cof the Peace shall, at the Quarter sessions or Adjournment thereof, produce all such Convictions and Conviction to be Reasons of Appeal as shall have been returned or certified to him, or left with him since the last Quar exhibited at ter sessions or Adjournment thereof, and shall, upon reasonable Notice, deliver to any Person requir the er, cns< ing the same, a fair Copy of such Conviction or Reasons of Appeal; for each Copy whereof, the Sum and Copy to te or See of sixpence, and no more, shall be demanded and paid. paying d?

XVII

Penalty on Appeals deemed frivolous.

[ud^ment of Justices to be

1n.1l.

Brewers, C in Scotland, inhibited to grant Licences

or aft in the Execution of this Action

Penalty of 50 1.

one Moiety to the Prosecutor.

the other to Repair the Roads.

Licences for Houses on the Military Roads, C in Scotland,

to be issued on Payment of 1 s. only to the Clerk of the Peace.

101. Penalty on making out Licences before the same be stamped;

and O. on making them contrary to the Intention of this Act;

and the same to be vacated unless the Duty and Fine be paid, and Receipt produced,

and Licence stamped, See,

Forging the Stamp, Sec. Felony, without Clergy.

C 12. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

XVII. And in order to prevent frivolous and vexatious Appeals, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace at the said quarter sessions or Adjournment thereof, if they shall judge any Appeal from any Conviction to be frivolous and calculated for Delay, to award, order and direct the Party appealing, to pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, over and above the Penalties herein before mentioned, to be levied and applied in such Manner, and to such Use or Uses, as the Paid Justices shall direct and appoint; and the judgement and Determination of the said Justices at the Quarter sessions or Adjournment thereof, shall in all the Cases aforesaid, be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XVIII. And whereas it is expedient that Persons empowered to grant Licences by virtue of this Act, should not be swayed by Interest in the Execution of the Powers vested in them Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Justice of the Peace or Magistrate in any Shire, Stewartry, or Royal Borough, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who is a Brewer, Malster, distiller, or Retailer of Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, or is concerned in Partnership, or otherwise, with any Brewer, Maltster, Distiller, or Retailer of Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, at any of the Time or Times when any of the Powers in this Act are to be executed, shall act in any of the Meetings for granting of any Licence or Licences, or shall convict or join in any Conviction, or in the Determination of any Appeal directed by this Act; and every Justice of the Peace or Magistrate who shall offend in any of the Premises, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered by any Person who will sue for the same within six Months after such Offence committed, by Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in which no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; which said Penalty of fifty Pounds shall be paid, one Moiety thereof to the Person who sues for the same, and the other Moiety to the Collector of the Cess for the Shire or Stewartry within which such Justice or Magistrate has offended, to be applied for the Reparation of the Highways or Bridges in such Shire or Stewartry, in such Manner as the Persons, who by Law have the ordering and directing ft.ch Reparations, shall think proper.

XIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge any Licence for keeping any ale house, tippling house, victualling house, or Place for the Sale of Ale, Beer, and other exciseable Liquors by Retail, situated upon or near the King's Military Road or Roads, made or to be made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, at the public Charge, and not being within any Royal Borough, nor within the Burghs of Dumblain, Muthill, Cries, Dunkeld, or within one Mile of any of the said Royal Boroughs or Burghs, with any Duty hereby directed to be paid, levied or received; but all such Licences shall and may be granted and delivered by the Justices of the Peace of the respective Shires and Stewartries, where such Road and Roads shall and may lie, upon tyre Payment of one Shilling for each Licence to the Clerk of the Peace of such Shire or Stewartry, for his Trouble only; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall from and after the Feast of Easter cne thousand seven hundred and fifty six, write, ingross or print, or cause to be written, ingrafted of printed, any such Licence to be granted by Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, for selling of Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, before the Vellum, Parchment or Paper whereupon such Licence shall be ingrafted, written or printed, shall appear to have been duly stamped, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, with full Costs ot Suit; to be recovered in such Manner as Penalties by any former Laws relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, are directed to be recovered: And that if any such Licence shall be so ingrafted, written or printed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in every such Case, there shall be answered and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above the Duty hereby due and payable for every such Licence, the Sum of five Pounds, to be applied and paid in such Manner, and to such Uses, as the said Duty hereby granted is applicable and payable; and that no such Licence stir.ll he available in Law, or be given in Evidence, or admitted in any Court, unless as well the said Duty hereby charged, as the said Sum of live Pounds, shall be first paid to theute of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes of this Act, and a Receipt produced for the same under the Hand of the receiver-general for the time being, of the Stamp Duties, or of his Deputy or Clerk, and until the Vellum, Parchment or Paper, on which such Licence is so ingrafted, written or printed, shall be marked or stamped according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that the said receiver-general, or his Deputy or Clerk, shall upon Payment or Tender of the said Duty payable by virtue of this Act, and of the said Sum of five Pounds, give a Receipt for such Money; and that thereupon the other proper Officers shall mark and damp such Licence, with the proper Mark and Stamp requisite in that Behalf.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Maik to resentble the Stamp or Mark directed to be provided by this Actor shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the said Duty, or shall utter, vend, or sell any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with such counterfeit Mark or Stamp thereupon, knowing such Mark or Stamp to be counterfeit, or shall cause or procure any Vellum, Parchment or Paper to be stamped or marked with such counterfeit Mark or Stamp, or shall privately or fraudulently use any Stamp to be provided or used in pursuance of this Act, with an Intent thereby to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the said Duty, or shall cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited any Stamp or Mark, to resemble any Stamp or Mark hereby directed to be used, every Person so offending, bein

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 13. 657

thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That neither his Majesty's Commission no Licences to ers of Excite in England cr Scotland respectively, nor any of the Collectors or Supervisors of Excise, orb iifiiedburto any other Officers by the said Commissioners respectively appointed to deliver Licences to the Retail cini°ucenceac ers of any Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, shall grant or deliver any such i/cence to any Person cording to who shall not produce a Licence granted to him or her in due Form of Lav by Justices of the Peace, aim. C t to sell Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, and damped as by the said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne and by this Act is directed.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person fopn?, r, licensed to sell Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, shall die or remove from the ale house or aether

Place wherein such Ale, Beer, or other Liquors, shall, by virtue of such Licence, be sold, it shall and licensed rioufts, may be lawful for the Executors, Administrators and Assigns, of such Person so dying or removing, £fir Assigns, i who shall be postefifed of lueh House or Place, or the Occupier thereof, to sell Ale, Beer, or other LI nue theme for'

quors therein, during the Residue of the Term for which such Licence shall have been granted to the the relue of

Person so dying or removing, without any Certificate from any Justice of the Peace, or any new Liti, e Vear'

cenee to be had or obtained in that Behalf; anything in the said Add made in the twenty sixth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any other Law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any ale house or victualling house, in New Licences

that Part of Great Britain called England, shall become empty or unoccupied after the general Day ap tottou^s^oc pointed for licensing (the Occupier whereof was duly licensed the Year preceding) it shall be lawful for cupiedandu|i°c any two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, at a Petty Sessions to grant a Licence to any new Te censed the pre nant or Occupier, to open such House as an ale house or victualling house, and to sell Ale there, till "dlns Year the next general licensing Day, so as the said Licence be stamped as herein directed; new Tenant Tenant obtain or Occupier obtaining such Certificate, as is directed and prescribed in and by an Act of Parliament, ing a Certificate made in the twenty sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Manner of LI ^6^pribed.b)r cenfing ale houses, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for the more easy convicting Persons1 co'2'c'3i'

selling Ale and other Liquors without Licence.

XXV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act, or in as not to ex any former Law relating to flampt Vellum, Parchment or Paper, contained, shall extend, or be construed granted bycom to extend, to charge with any Duty, such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, on which any Licence to be missioneis of granted by the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or by their Officers, to retail diddled Liquors Excise.

or llrong Waters, shall be ingrafted, written or printed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall

retail Ale, Beer, or other Liquors, in any Prison, or House of Correction, or Workhouse to be p^fons to take appointed for the Reception ot poor Persons, shall be deemed a keeper of a Common ale house out Licences, or Tippling - house, and shall be subject to the Penalties inflicted by Law on the Keepers of Common Ale - houses and tippling houses, unless he or she shall obtain from the Justices of the Peace, according to due Course of Law, a Licence to retail such Beer, Ale, or other excise able Liquors.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That towards making good to the Sink This Duty to

ing Fund, the littered of two millions charged thereon by an Act of this session of Parliament, the said ^sinking"'* Duty hereby granted shall be carried to and made Part of the said Fund. Fund.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall at any Time Persons fuedon be brought against any Person for any Matter or Thing which he or die shall do, or cause to be this Act, may done, by virtue or in Execution of this Act, in every such Case, the Defendant or Defendants in plead the gene every such Action may plead the General Blue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in evi la Iiue' vidence, on any Trial or Trials to be hereafter had in such Action; and that if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

in any such Action shall discontinue such Action, or become nonsuit, or if Judgement shall be d recover given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Action, the Defendant or Defendants in every such ticnfe Coat, Action shall recover his, her, or their treble Cods of Suit.

CAP. XIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on Cards and Dice.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

C 7" hi

WHEREAS y an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act9 Ann. C 23;

for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and for charging certain nrw Duties on. C Stamped Eellum, Parchment and Paper, and on Cards and Dice, and on the Exportation of roa Salt for Ire, C land; and for securing thereby, and by a weekly Payment out of the Pof office, and 'by feverei! Duties CL*and Skins, a yearly Fund of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and flinty Poun Is, for thirty two Years, to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders as are therein mentioned, to the Contributors of any.

Sum not exceeding two Millions, to be raised for carrying on the war, and other her Majesty's Occassions it was enacted, That from and after the eleventh Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven,

during the Term of thirty-two Years from thence next earning, there diould be raised, collected, levied and paid, unto and for the life of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for all Playing Cards and

658 C 13. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

Dice, which during the said Term should be made fit for Sale or Use in Great Britain, or imported,

the Duties following; that is to say, For every Pack of such Cards, the Sum of sixpence; and for every Pair of such Dice, the Sum of five shillings, to be paid by the Makers or Importers thereof re spedlively; and it was thereby enacted, That such Duties upon such Cards and Dice imported, should be levied and brought into the Exchequer, in such Manner and Form, and under such Penalties ard Forfeitures as any her majesty's cu(loins or Duties on Subsidy Goods inwards, were by any Law then in Force to be levied and brought into her majesty's Exchequer; and it was thereby enacted, That all'

Makers of Playing Cards or Dice made in Great Britain, before they should respectively begin to make any such Cards or Dice, should give or send to the Commissioners for managing the Duties on flampt Vellum, Parchment and Paper (who are by the said Act appointed to manage the said Duties on Cards and Dice) or to their Officers, such Notice as by the said Act is directed, and should permit the proper Officers for the said Duties, to enter any House or Place for making Cards or Dice, C and take an Account thereof, and should not remove or suffer to be removed the same from such House or Place, until the Mark and Seal devised to denote the charging the said Duties, should be put on the said Cards and Dice respectively; that the Makers of such Cards and Dice should make an Entry, and clear the Duties owing from them respectively, without Fraud or Concealment,

in such Manner, and at such Times, as by the said Act is directed, upon such Pain, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are thereby inflicted for any such Offence, to be recovered in Manner as by the said Act is directed: whereas, for the better securing the Duties on playing Cards and Dice,

10 Ann. C 12. ' it was. by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon all Sope and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and upon chequered'

and Jlriped Linens imported; and upon certain Silts, Calicoes, Linens and Stuffs', printed, painted orjlained and upon several Kinds of stamptffcllum. Parchment and Paper, and upon certain printed Papers, Pam ' phlets and Advertisements -, for raising the Sum of one Million eight hundred thousan i Pounds by I Pay of a ' Lottery towards her Majestfs Supply; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice; and for better securing her Majestfs Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp Duties, by Licences for Marriages, and otherwise; for Relief of Per sins who have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due Time, or have lojl Exchequer Bills or Lottery Tickets; and sir bor rowing Money upon Stock (Part of the Capital of the south-sea Company) for the Use of the Public, ' further enacted, That during the Continuance of the said Duties, no Playing Cards or Dice should be sold or exposed to Sale, or uled in playing in any public gaming house, unless the Paper and Thread enclosing, or which should have enclosed the same, should have been respectively sealed and flampt or marked, according to the said former Act in that Behalf, and unless one Card in each Pack or Par. el of Cards sold, mould be so marked or flampt on the spotted Side thereof, with such Mark or Stamp as the said Commissioners should direct or appoint, und.r such Penalties and Forfeitures as by the said Act are inflicted, to be recovered in such Manner as in the said Act is directed:: ' whereas Provision was' made by the last mentioned Act for preventing the Forgery of the Seal, ' Stamp or Mark, provided to denote the Payment of the said Duty, and for obliging the Makers of

Cards and Dice to give due Notice of their Intention to make the same, and for prohibiting the Removal of the Materials being to be wrought, for or towards the making of Cards or Dice, untd the same shall have been completely made into Cards or Dice, or the Duties for the Cards or Dice therewith intended to be made, shall be paid or secured, and for extending to every Part of Great

3&4ed.4. C ( Britain, the Act made in the third and fourth Years of King Edward the Fourth, prohibiting the Importation of Playing Cards or Dice into England or Wales, and for declaring what Pieces of Ivoiy, Bone, or other Matter made or tifed for any Game or Play, with any Letter, Figure, or.

other Mark thereupon, to denote any Chance or Chances, shall be deemed to be Dice, and for im povvering any Officer appointed by the said Commissioners, to enter into any House or Place where Cards and Dice shall be made, sold or exposed to Sale, or suspected to be privately made, or into any public gaming house, Room or Place, and there to search for Cards and Dice not duly

sealed, marked or flampt, and for encouraging the Exportation of Cards and Dice into foreign Parts

5 Geo. t. C ig. ' And whereas by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

First, a Time is limited for Prosecutions upon Bonds given for the Exportation of Cards and Dice, ' and Provision is thereby made for vacating such Bonds in certain Cases therein expressed: 6 Geo. r. C 25. ' whereas by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

First, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abufis in the Public Revenues of Extife, Customs,

Stamp-duties, Post office, and House money, a Penalty is inflicted on all Persons who shall fraudu lently cut, tear, or get off, any Mark or Stamp, in respect whereof or whereby any Duties are payable, o are denoted to be paid or payable on Playing Cards, or shall fine, square, or new Spot,

any Dice which have been sold or played with, or shall fraudulently enclose any Parcel or Pack

of Playing Cards, in any Oulfide Paper, duly sealed and flampt, the same having been once made use

for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall sell or expose to Sale, any Playing Cards, the same not be,

ing at the Time of such selling or exposing to Sale, actually flampt on the spotted or painted Side, ' and also enclosed in Paper or Thread lealed and flampt as by the said Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne is directed; Provision is thereby also made for obliging Card,

Makers to enter into Bond for the due Payment of the said Duty on Cards, within the Time there

in limited, and for an Allowance for prompt Payment of the said Duties; and Power is thereby

also given upon Information by Affidavit, and by such Warrant, and in such Manner as by the said Act is directed, to any Officer employed by the said Commissioners, to break open the Door, 'sir any Part of any House or Place wherein any Cards or Dice are lufpcdled to be made cr making,

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 13. 659

and to seize all such Cards and Dice, and the Tools or Materials by which they are made or making

And whereas by an Act made in the third Year of tyre Reign of his late majesty King George 3 Geo. i. e.

the First, the said Duties on Cards and Dice were among other Rates and Duties made perpetual, and made Part of the Fund commonly called The General Fund: And whereas the Interest of the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, 'Part of the Sum of two Millions advanced on the Credit of an Act made in this Session of Parliament, at the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum;

and also the Intereil of five hundred thousand Pounds, being the Residue of the said Sum of two Millions, at the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, is by the said Act charged and charge able upon the Fund commonly called The Sinking fundwe your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards making good the said Intereil of the said Sum of two Millions, so charged on the said Sinking Fund, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates, Duties and Impositions, on Cards and Dice herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, Additional dn unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for all Playing Cards and Dice which ties granted on shall be made fit for Sale or Ule in Great Britain, the additional Duties following, over and above Cardi and Dice, all Duties chargeable thereupon (that is to say)

For every Pack of such Cards, the Sum of sixpence, over and above the Duty of sixpence payable 6 don each for the same. Pack o Card's

And for every Pair of such Dice, the Sum of five Shillings, over and above the Duty of five Shillings and 5s. on each payable thereupon. 1>aur of Dlce>

Such respective Duties to be paid by the Makers of such Cards and Dice respectively.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for better securing and enforcing the to be under the Payment of the said Duties, the same shall be under the Management of the Commissioners for the of Stamp Duties for the time being, who, or the major Part of them, by themselves, or their Officers ners for Stamp (which they are hereby empowered to employ for that Purpose) shall cause a Seal, Stamp or Mark Duties.

to be used to denote the additional Duties hereby granted, in such Manner as Stamps or Marks by the stamptobeufed said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, are directed to be used to denote the Du for denoting ties thereby imposed. these Duties.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Duties hereby granted shall be paid into the Hands of Duties payable the receiver-general for the time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who genera^an'd br shall keep a separate and distinct Account thereof, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, him to b^paid^ collecting, paying and accounting for the same excepted) in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the into the Exche purposes in this Act expressed, at such Time, and in such Manner, as any former Duties on stamped

Vellum, Parchment and Paper, are directed to be paid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Powers, cof Clauses and other Penalties and Forfeitures, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other extemitmo^hes Matters and T hings prescribed or appointed in the said Acts made in the ninth and tenth Years of additional du the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the said Acts made in the third, fifth and sixth Years of his late ties.

Majesty King George the First, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the like Duties,

and not hereby altered, shall be of full Force and Effect with relation to the additional Duties hereby charged on Cards and Dice, and shall be applied and put in Execution for raising, levying, collecting and securing the said additional Duties hereby charged, according to the true Intent aiufmeaning of this Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures, and every of them, had severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the additional Duties hereby charged on Cards and Dice, and as if the Duties hereby charged had been charged by the said Act made in the ninth Year of Queen Anne, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge Counterfeiting any Seal, Stamp or Mark, to referable the Seal, Stamp cr Mark directed to be tiled by this Act for the any Stamp for Purposes ot denoting the Duties on Cards and Dice hereby granted, or shall counterfeit or referable tllefe dut4t's' the Impression of the same upon any Cards or Dice, or any Thread or Paper enclosing any Pack or

Parcel of Cards, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Deirs or Successors; of any of the said Duties upon Cards or Dice; or shall utter, vend or sell any Cards or Dice with such counterfeit Seal, orvendiogcaids

Stamp or Mark, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or shall privately and fraudulently use any Seal, or Dice with

Stamp or Mark hereby directed to be used, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue jea^'lc^to" cessors, of any the Duties upon Cards and Dice, or shall cause or procure to be forged or counter defraud the feited any Seal, Stamp or Mark, to referable any Seal, Stamp or Mark hereby directed to be used, or King, Felony

shall cause or procure any Card or Dice, or any Thread and Paper enclosing any Pack or Parcel ofwlthout Clergy.

Cards, to be sealed, stamped or marked with any such counterfeit Seal, Stamp or Mark, or shall in like Manner counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged any Seal, Stamp or Mark, to referable any Seal, S: amp or Mark by the said Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne directed to be imprested on the spotted or painted Side of one Card in each Pack or Parcel of playing Cards, or shall vend, utter or expose to laic any Cards with such counterfeit Seal, Stamp or Mark, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or shall privately and fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp or

660 C 13. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

Mark used for sealing, stamping or marking the spotted or painted Side of any such Card, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the Duties on Cards and Diee; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And whereas great Frauds are or may be committed by Makers of Cards and Dice, under Pre ' tence that the same are intended for Expurtation, in which Case the same are, by the said Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, exempted from the Duties payable for the same: And whereas the Provision by the said Act made for preventing such Frauds, has by Experience been Cards for Kx, ' found ineffectual Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Playing Cards made por1taftlvl kfj in Great Britain, which shall be intended for Exportation, shall, before they are packed up for expor atthe Commit tation, be enclosed in Paper and Thread, in Packs or Parcels, in such Manner as the said Cominif

lioners rtrill di lioners for managing the Duties on (tampt Vellum, Parchment and Paper shall direct and appoint,

rest, and co be, jrl order to distinguish them from other Cards liable to the Duties thereon imposed; that for the

ilmf' said Purpose one Card in every Pack of Playing Cards so made or intended for Exportation, or so many

Cards in every such Pack as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, shall also be marked or flampt on the spotted or painted Side thereof, with such Mark, and in such Manner as the said commis ac t. Penalty on sioners shall diiecl; and if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, vend,

the^unein utter or CXP°*C to fple, to be used in Great Britain, or shall use or permit to be used in any pub

Great Britain, lick gaming house, any Playing Cards so marked, (tampt and distinguished as Cards for Exportation, every Person so offending shall for every Pack of Cards so vended, uttered or exposed to sale, or used or

permitted to be used as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and distributed

in such Manner, as Penalties by any former Law relating to Cards and Dice are directed to be recovered and distributed.

Eond given for

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bond which shall be enter exportation of ed into pursuant to the said Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne for export notlo be vac; TB' Cards and Dice, shall be vacated or delivered up, unless and until Proof be made that such Cards

ted till proof" nr Dice have been entered and shipped for Exportation as Cards and Dice, and not as (tationary

and Certificate Wares; and unless and until a Certificate of such Entry and Shipping, signed by the proper Officer

dulyvnter^dand or Officers of the Customs, be produced; which Certificate the said Officer or Officers are hereby shipped. directed and required to give without Fee or Reward; anything in the said Act made in the fifth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas a fraudulent Practice hath prevailed of selling and buying Covers and Labels,

which have before been made use of for denoting the Duty payable upon Cards For preventing such aol. Penalty on Frauds, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, from and after the passing buying Covers of this Act, sell or buy any such Cover or Label, in order to be made use of for the enclosing any Pack tbremadeufifof or °* Cards, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of tw enty

urenu eu eot. p0lukis. to pe recoverec) in Manner aforesaid, and to be distributed, one Moiety to the Use of his Majesty, his heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to any Person who shall inform and sue for the same.

Buyer or Seller

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if either the Buyer or Seller informing, to be of any such Cover or Label shall inform against the other Party concerned in buying or selling such Cover sence^arfd in" or Label, the Party so informing shall be admitted to give Evidence against the Party informed against, demni fied. and shall be indemnified against the Penalties so by him or her incurred.

eoi. Penalty on X And further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Maker of Playing Cards, or any selling Waste other Person shall, from and after the passing of this Act, sell or clifpose of any Cards, commonly Cards unmark called ivafle Cards, unless he or she shall, before such Sale, mark the Back or plain Side of every painted or pidtured Card in such Manner, as to render the same unfit to be used in Play; every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and distributed in Manner aforesaid.

Persons sued on

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Actions shall at any Account of this Time or Times hereafter be brought against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for any Matter or thebtn/raf it Thing which he, she or they shall do, or cause to be done, by Virtue or in Execution of this Act, that (ue, in such Case tyre Defendant" or Defendants, in every such Action or Actions, shall and may plead the

General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, on any Trial or Trials to be hereafter had in such Action or Addons; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue such Action or Addons, or become nonsuit; if Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Addons, that then the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or actions shall recover and recover tie his or their treble Costs of Suit; any Law, Custom or Usage whatsoever to the contrary in any wile not me Colts. withstanding.

Duties to becar

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties hereby charged for ifod into, the Cards and Dice shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, to' cmc nlijrtjmfi war<l making good the said Interest of the Sum of two Millions charged thereupon by an Act made in

ikl: in '/j forthfr this Session of Parliament,

o. 2. C iq.

ctq. <. 5$.

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

C 14.. 661

CAP. XIV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, and Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate,

Mof Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting too. ggeo. j. c. 7. his Majesty the Sum of two Millions, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery, _ and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for extending to Ireland the Laws made in this Kingdom again private and unlawful Lotteries; the Interest of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the Sum of two Millions advanced on the Credit of the said Act, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and the Interest of five hundred thousand Pounds, Residue of the said Sum of two Millions, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, are charged upon the Fund commonly called The Sinking fundwe your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards making good the said Interest of the said Sum of two Millions, charged on the said Fund, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the respective annual Rates and Duties herein after mentioned, for and upon all Silver Plate in Great Britain, and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 12 Geo.i.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, f'2 That from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, there shall be ann"bji(! raised, levied, collected and paid to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and vcr tlate viz."' upon all Silver Plate in Great Britain, tlte respective annual Rates and Duties herein after express.d; that is to say,

For and upon one hundred Ounces Troy Weight, and any greater Quantity of Silver Plate, not For icoouncc9, amounting to two hundred Ounces, the Sum of five Shillings. 5 sand

for and upon two hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to three hundred For 200, 10s. Ounces, the Sum of ten Shillings.

And for and upon three hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to four hundred For 300, 13s. Ounces, the Sum of fifteen Shillings.

And for and upon four hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to five hundred For 400, 20s. Ounces, the Sum of twenty Shillings.

And for and upon five hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to six hundred For 5°°! 1, 1 5 s' Ounces, the Sum of one Pound five Shillings.

And for and upon six hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to seven hundred Forfoo, 11.10s. Ounces, the Sum of one Pound ten Shillings.

And for and upon seven hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to eight hundred Foryco, II 15s:. Ounces, the Sum of one Pound fifteen Shillings.

And for and upon eight hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to nine hundred Soso, 2l. Ounces, the Sum of two Pounds.

And for and upon nine hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to one thousand For 900, 21. 53. Ounces, the Sum of two Pounds five Shillings.

and for and upon one thousand Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to one thousand !ce°' 2*one hundred Ounces, the Sum of two Pounds ten Shillings.

And for and upon one thousand one hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting tofornco, 21. one thousand. two hundred Ounces, the Sum of two Pounds fifteen Shillings. lss'

And for and upon one thousand two hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to For, 1200, 3). one thousand three hundred Ounces, the Sum of three Pounds.

And for and upon one thousand three hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to For 1300, jl. 5s one thousand four hundred Ounces, the Sum of three Pounds five Shillings.

And for and upon one thousand four hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to ^, <!co>one thousand five hundred Ounces, the Sum of three Pounds ten Shillings.

And for and upon one thousand five hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to Isc°3 >] one thousand six hundred Ounces, the Sum of three Pounds fifteen Shillings. s

And for and upon one thousand six hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to For l6c°3 e1 one thousand seven hundred Ounces, the Sum of four Pounds.

And for and upen one thousand seven hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to For 1700, 51.5s. one thousand eight hundred Ounces, the Surn of four Pounds five Shillings.

And for and upon one thousand eight hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to For isoo, 4k one thousand nine hundred Ounces, the Sum of four Pounds ten Shillings.

And for and upon one thousand nine hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to For 1903, 41. two thousand Ounces, the Sum of four Pounds fifteen Shillings. 15s'

And for and upon two thousand Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to two thousand For 2000, 51. one hundred Ounces, the Sum of five Pounds.

And for and upon two thousand one hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to for2100, 5?.55. two thousand two hundred Ounces, the Sum of five Pounds five Shillings.

4. And

662 C 14.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

For 2200 And fr and upon two thousand two hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to

unctb, 5 ios, twq thousand three hundred Ounces, the Sum of five Pounds ten Shillings.

For 2300, 5l. And for and upon two thousand three hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to i55, two thousand four hundred Ounces, the Sum of five Pounds fifteen Shillings.

For 6l. And for and upon two thousand four hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to two thousand five hundred Ounces, the Sum of six Pounds.

For 1500, 61.5s. And for and upon two thousand five hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to two thousand six hundred Ounces, the Sum of six Pounds five Shillings.

For 2600, 61. And for and upon two thousand six hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to ICS two thousand seven hundred Ounces, the Sum of six Pounds ten Shillings.

For 2700, 61. And for and upon two thousand seven hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to S two thousand eight hundred Ounces, the Sum of six Pounds fifteen Shillings.

For 2s00, 7l. And for and upon two thousand eight hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to two thousand nine hundred Ounces, the Sum of seven Pounds.

perrg^o, 7l. 5s, And for and upon two thousand nine hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to three thousand Ounces, the Sum of seven Pounds five Shillings.

For 3000, 7l. And for and upon three thousand Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to three thousand J0S one hundred Ounces, the Sum of seven Pounds ten Shillings.

For ico, 7l. And for and upon three thousand one hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to S5, three thousand two hundred Ounces, the Sum of seven Pounds fifteen Shillings.

For 3: 00, 81. And for and upon three thousand two hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to three thousand three hundred Ounces, the Sum of eight Pounds.

For 3300, 81. And for and upon three thousand three hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting 5s' to three thousand four hundred Ounces, the Sum of eight Pounds five Shillings.

For 3300, si. And for and upon three thousand four hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting, as to three thousand five hundred Ounces, the Sum of eight Pounds ten Shillings.

For 3500, Si. And for and upon three thousand five hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to 'o5 three thousand six hundred Ounces, the Sum of eight Pounds fifteen Shillings.

For 3600, 91. And for and upon three thousand six hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to three thousand seven hundred Ounces, the Sum of nine Pounds.

For 3700, gland Lr and upon three thousand seven hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting 5s to three thousand eight hundred Ounces, the Sum of nine Pounds five Shillings.

For 3s00, 91. And for and upon three thousand eight hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting Fos. to three thousand nine hundred Ounces, the Sum of nine Pounds ten Shillings.

For 3900, 51. And for and upon three thousand nine hundred Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting 35s- to four thousand Ounces, the Sum of nine Pounds fifteen Shillings.

For 4000 and And for and upon four thousand Ounces, and upwards, the Sum of ten Pounds.

Management of land for the time being; and such of the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as are or shall be r'Silver Plate in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commis

for the Time being; which Commissioners of Excise in England and scot respectively are hereby impowered to appoint proper Officers for collecting and receiving the said > Duties; and all"monies arising by the said Rates and Duties (the necessary Charges of

tliecop

ers of Excise in England; and \r0nj those in Scotland I (I flu under the Com l^ates

Duties, which are to be paid in to the Exche

The Sinking Fund.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons and Bodies Politic or fm r' T rde Corporate, who, on the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, shall own, sinkin. Fund. ul" e > Pave or keep any Quantity of Silver Plate chargeable by this Act, in London, Westmini}; r,

., ., L a. Dn aa 1.*1, I. I 1. f 1 aa — V —. -. T. - — AJ a FF a. H. C I. t'1« I. — ( '\.. VA C t. A. a ..a T. /1.. 11.

or in

any other Parts within

tilli)utics^wul» 'hirty Days after the said

the Limits or jurisdiction of the Chief Office of Excise in London, shall, within id fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, give Notice and

give Notice, and where such Persons shall respectively inhabit, or where such Bodies Politic or Corporate shall resp.c

J t.ntry tively be situate, distinguishing in such Notice whether the same be given on their own Account, or 011

the Account of any other, and what Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate; and all Persons and Bodies Politic or Corporate, who, after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, shall own, use, have or keep any Quantity of Silver Plate chargeable by this Act, in London, U'ellminjkr, or in any Parts within the Limits or Jurisdiction of the Chief Office of Exclle in London, shall, within twenty Days next after such Persons or Bodies Politic or Corporate respectively shall begin to own, use, have or keep any Quantity of Silver Plate chargeable by this A CL

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo iioiio Georgii II.

C 14.

663

com

Du

give the like Notice, and make the like Entry at the said Chief Office of Excise; and all Persons and and Persons in Bodies Politic or Corporate, who, on the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, shall own, use, have or keep any Quantity of Silver Plate chargeable by this Act, in any e've 1 e ice' other Part of Great Britain, shall, within forty Days after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, give the like Notice, and make the like Entry at the Office of Excise next to the Place where such Persons shall respectively inhabit, or where such Bodies Politic or Corporate shall respectively be situate; all Persons and Bodies Politic or Corporate, who, after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, shall own, use, have or keep any Quantity of s.lvcr at the next Of plate chargeable by this Act, in any other Part of Great Britain, shall, within twenty Days next after fice of Excite;

such Persons or Bodies Politic or Corporate shall respectively begin to own, use, have or keep any

Quantity of silver Plate chargeable by this Act, give the like Notice, and make the like Entry at the Office of Excise next to the Place where such Persons shall respectively inhabit, or where such Bodies Politic or Corporate shall respectively be situate; all Persons or Bodies Politic or Corporate re and make pay spectively shall, at the Time of giving such Notice and making such Entry, pay down the respective mentatthefarne annual Rates and Duties chargeable by this Act; and the respective Rates and Duties so to be paid, i(!eo lle u by all such Persons and Bodies Politic or Corporate, who, on the said fifth Day of July one thou '

fund seven hundred and fifty six, shall own, use, have or keep any Quantity of Silver Plate chargeable So by this Act, shall annually be computed and deemed payable from the said fifth Day of July one thou puting the

sand seven hundred and fifty six; and the respective Rates and Duties so to be paid by all Persons and ties

Bodies Politic or Corporate, who, after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, shall own, use, have or keep any Quantity of Silver Plate chargeable by this Act, shall annually be computed and deemed payable from the Time of their first beginning to own, use, have or keep such Silver Plate.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons and Bodies Politic or frdhmo ice so Corporate, who shall give, or be obliged to give such Notice as aforesaid, shall, within thirty Days next i e given, and after the Commencement of each Year, for which the said Rates and Duties shall be payable, give a du.'jes to b, fresh Notice in Manner aforesaid, and pay down the respective annual Rates and Duties above men an "ua y tioned, according to the Number of Ounces of Silver Plate chargeable by this Act, which they shall then respectively own, use, have or keep, and shall in' the same Manner renew such Notice, and make such Payment from Year to Year, as long as they shall respectively continue to own, use, have or keep any Quantity of Silver Plate chargeable by this Act; and if any Person or Body Politic or Corporate so owning, tiling, having or keeping any Silver Plate chargeable by this Act, shall refuse or neglect to o. Penalty on give such first Notice, and make such Entry and Payment as aforesaid, or to renew such Notice, and not giving Nomake such Entry and Payment yearly and every Year in Manner aforesaid, or shall, with Intent to de ^htcram 'c fraud his Majesty of any of tyre Rates and Duties granted by this Act, conceal, or cause or procure to inglil 'irn', t'c' be concealed any Silver Plate, which lie or flic, or such Body Politic or Corporate shall own, use, have or keep; then, and in every such Case, every such Person or Body Politic or Corporate acting contrary to the respective Directions of this Act, shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to oblige any Person or Body frefonoticeand Politic or Corporate to give any such fresh Notice, and make any such new Entry or Payment, be Entrr not between the Commencement and Expiration of the Year, for which any such Rates or Duties shall have newamuifuion been paid >- although such Person or Body Politic or Corporate may have acquired in the mean time of Plate within the Property, Use, Possession or Custody of any additional Quantity of Silver Plate; anything herein the Year, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Case where the Persons making Duty or Duties required by this Act to be paid, by any Person or Body Politic or Corporate charge o'^lv' able with the faine, shall be paid, and Notice given, and Entry made as aforesaid, before any Infor hefov^infonna mation laid for not having given such Notice, and made such Entry and Payment, or Prosecution begun tion given, Ac, for the same, no Person or Body Politic or Corporate having given such Notice, and made such

Entry and Payment, although not strictly within the Time prescribed by this Act, shall be after -

prosecuted for not having given such Notice, and made such Entry and Payment, within the Time limited as aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein con Persons receiv tained shall extend to charge with the Duties payable by virtue of this Act, any Persons or Bodies Po 'pfi late htick or Corporate, who, on the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, or ufinf foefacne/ at any Time afterwards, shall keep and not use any Silver Plate, which hath been or shall be p'edged noi liable. '*to, or deposited with them respectively, by any other Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That the true Owner or Owners of such Plate so pledged or deposited, Owners toemer shall, during all such Time as such Plate shall be so kept, and not used by the Person or Persons, or *lor Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom such Plate shall be so pledged, or with whom the same Plate.

shall be so deposited, be liable to pay the Rates and Duties' chargeable by this Act, in respect of such Plate, and to give such Notice, and make such Entry and Payment as aforesaid.

IX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That this Act shall not extend to charge with any of the Churefi Plat, respective Rates and Duties granted by this Act, any Silver Plate which shall belong to any Place of lyaifcdotliafcie religious Worship, and which is, or shall be used therein only, nor the Stock in Trade of any Gold

finith, Silversmith, Manufacturer, Seller of or Dealer in Silver Plate.

664 C 14.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

Upon Payment i the Duties,

ficer Pci suns and Quantity of Plate chargeable.

Receipt to be given.

Dealers ro eater X Provided nevertheless, That every such Goldsmith, Silversmith, manufacturer, Seller of or Dealer in"ufb?yfori te 'n Silver Plate, shall give such first Notice, and make such Entry and Payment as aforesaid, and from Timd to Time renew such Notice, and make such Entry and Payment yearly and every Year, in Manner herein before directed, for and in respect of all such Silver Plate, as shall be used by him or in h; s

Family; on Pain to forfeit for every Neglect or Refusal to give any such Notice, and make such Entry

or Payment as aforesaid, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

Perform who

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person having 'a'c 7p?c.en' S'ven due Notice, and made due Entry and Payment of the Duty, for any Quantity of Silver Plate hyingwiuiinthe chargeable by this Act, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, shall die before the End of

Year, the Year for which such Payment shall be made, in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the

their successors Person or Persons, Body, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, in whom the Property of such Silver Plate not li.ibie to pay shall immediately be veiled upon such Death, to ule, have and keep such Silver Plate, for or in re whereof such Duty shall have been paid as aforesaid, during the Residue of the Year for 4'which such Payment shall have been made, in like Manner as such deceased Person might have done

if living.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Payment of the said re speitive Rates and Duties so hereby granted, at the said respective Offices of excise, the Names, Styles, ^ide b? the oran Titles of the respective Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, by whom or on whose Account the of the same shall be so paid, and the Number of Ounces of Silver Plate chargeable by virtue of this Action

such Persons, or Bodies Politic or Corporate respectively, and the Names of the Parish or Place, or Parishes or Places where such Person shall respectively inhabit, or such Bodies Politic or Corporate shall respectively be situate, shall be entered in a Regiiler to be kept at the said respective Offices of Excise for that Purpose, by the Person so receiving the same; and a Receipt (of which an indented Duplicate shall be kept by the Person so receiving the said Money) shall be given to every Person so paying such respective Rates and Duties by the said Person so receiving the same, which Receipt shall contain the Number of the said Register, the Number of the Ounces ot Silver Plate so respectively paid for the Sum so pa d, and the Time for which such Sum shall have been so paid, and be a Discharge to the respective Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall so own, use, have or keep such Silver Plate, for the Rates and Duties payable for such Number of Ounces of Silver Plate, wheresoever the same shall be respectively used or kept.

Prosecutions for NIK. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Prosecutions for the Recovery Recovery of the f tie Rates and Duties hereby granted, and for Forfeitures and Offences incurred and committed fritures^desr aga'n^ 'Bis Act, or any clause or Article therein contained, shall and may be heard, adjudged and de minableinweit termined either by Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at ivejhr.inster, "nd Cmm'cf or'n the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, if such Forfeiture shall be incurred there, or in such man lxchequer in rei' ant Form as hereafter is directed; that is to say. All Prosecutions for Forfeitures and Offences in scoiiand, curred and committed within the Limits or Jurisdiction of the Chief Office of Excise in London, shall nliffionets ofm" anc may Be heard, adjudged and determined by any three or more of the commissioners of Excise in excise"lf within England for the Time being; and in case of Appeal from the Judgement of the said Commissioners (and the jtinfdiflion not otherwise) shall be heard, adjudged and determined by the Commissioners for Appeals for the and °in'ca(e of Fime being, or the major Part of them, whose Judgement therein shall be final; and all Prosecutions Appeal from for Forfeitures and Offences incurred and committed within all or any other the Counties, Shires, them by the Stewartries, Cities, Towns or Places within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall and maybe heard, mlt" adjudged and determined by any two or more of the Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place or/n other where such Forfeiture shall be incurred or Offence committed; and if either the Informers or De i'lnces by two or fendants shall think themselves aggrieved by the Judgement given by such Jutliees, it shall and maybe b)fonvrrorude Full for every such Informer or Defendant to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next quarter fendantag u Sessions to be held in and for the County, Shire, Stewartry, City, own or Place where the for grieved, may feitures shall be incurred, who are hereby authorised and empowered to hear, adjudge and determine ^: frter seffi same aid whose Judgement therein, shall be final; and the said Commissioners for Excise, and com ofis. missioner for Appeals (in calc of Appeal) and all justices of the Peace aforesaid respectively are hereby

upon complaint authorised and required, upon Complaint or Infoimation upon Oath exhibited and brought before en oailv^the^ them respecth elv, for any Forfeiture incurred or Offence committed by any Person or Persons contrary Parties to be to this Act (which Oath the said Commissioners and Justices of the Peace respectively are hereby au

summoned ami thorized to administer) to summon the Party or Parties acctifed; and in case of any such Complaint or

Information exhibited tfeainst anybody Politic or Corporate, to summon the Chief Officer or Officers of such Body Politic or Corporate, and upon the Appearance or Contempt of any such Person so and Judgnnnt summoned, to proceed to the Examination of the Matter of Fact; and upon due Proof made thereof u be given either by the voluntary Confession of the Person or Persons so summoned, or by the Oath of one or

thereupon, more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath they the said Commissioners and Justices respectively

have hereby Powder to administer) to give Judgement or Sentence thereupon; and to award and blue out Forfeitures to be Warrants under their Hands respectively, for the levying of such Forfeitures and Penalties as are by mid sale0111^ imposed, upon the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic

or Corporate, and to cause Sale to be made of such Goods and Chattels, if they shall not be redeem forvant ofdi within fourteen Days, rendering to such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, liven, Offender the Overplus (if any be) and for want of llifficient Distress, otherwise than in the Case of a Body po tojx" commit 1; tick or Corporate, to imprison the Party or Parties offending till Satisfaction be made, me Moiety of

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties which shall be re che Forfeiture covered for any Offences committed against this al (all necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof

ta the #wn,' b; ir«r

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

C 15, 665

the other to the Informer.

Persons seed may plead the

General Itfiicj

and recover treble Costs.

See farthev 31 32 Ueo. 2. C 24,

being first deduced) shall be distributed, one Moiety thereof to and for the Use of his Majesty, his heirs1 and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to him, her or them who shall inform or sue for the same.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested or prosecuted for any 'Filing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, or any the Clauses herein contained, such. or Persons shall and may plead the General Blue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, for his, her or their Defence; and if afterwards on a Trial, a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her or them upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him, her or them awarded, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

Geo. 2. c. 32.

CAP. XV.

An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported; and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax.

WHEREAS the Wealth and Prosperity of this Kingdom do very much depend upon the Pre r cr tozs n. 8. servation and Improvement of the Manufactures thereof: And whereas the Manufacture ot 4-

Linen would be greatly improved, and the Exportation of it to foreign Parts considerablydncreased, t2c\q

if a Bounty was allowed on the Exportation of all British and Irijl) Linens of a certain Value, and the \ Ann. jtf i.'cs.

Duties payable upon the Importation of raw or brown Linen Yarn made of Flax were discontinued s 8. May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Ex \^annj'u> cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Come? f?' mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be am.p.t. given and paid without any Fee, Reward or Deduction whatsoever, a Bounty for every Yard of british['g'f9,

and Irish Linens made of Hemp or Flax, and of the Breadth of twenty live Inches or more, under 3 g. 1. i 7 hi the Value of five Pence per Yard, the Sum of one Halfpenny; and of the Value of five Pence per yard, and under the Value of sixpence per Yard, the Sum of one Penny; and of the Value of six || cj Pence per Yard, and not exceeding the Value of eighteen Pence per Yard, the Sum of one Penny;, 27'& 36. halfpenny, which from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year one thousand seven11 gl° z C -- 6 hundred and fifty six, and within the Term of fifteen Years, to commence from the said twenty-fourth f>o, "y 2gvartlti Day of June, or at any Time thereafter before the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be on certain spe exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the Island of Minorca, or cic of Bnnib the East indiesy which said Bounty shall be paid upon Demand to the Exporter of such Linens, or the exported;, ncns Seller thereof for Exportation, by the Collector of the Port from whence the same shall be exported, viz. under 5d. out of the Moneys that shall be in his Hands, arising from any of the Duties, Revenues and Customs pr ya'\d a ot collected and received at such Port; and in case any Collector of the Customs in any Out port in South d' p^y^rd jd. Britain, or of any Port in North Britain, shall not have Money sufficient in his Hands to pay such Bonn of 6 d. and not ty, that then every such Collector shall, if thereunto required, forthwith without Fee or Reward give exceeding is. to the Person or Persons entitled to such Bounty a Certificate under his Hand, attested by the Comp ldj far' troller, certifying to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at London, if such Linens are exported Term of 15 from any Port in that Part of Great Britain called England, or to the Commissioners of his Majesty's je"rs a Customs at Edinburgh, if such Linens are exported from any Port in that Part of Great Britain calledmuieixporte* Scotland, that he hath not Money in his Hand sufficient to pay the said Bounty, and also what is due or Seller, by for the same to such Person or Persons, and upon producing such Certificate, and the Debenture f pojle d°so-lle the Linens exported, the said respective Commissioners of the Customs shall cause to be paid without want of money See or Reward, by the receiver-general or Cashier of the Customs at London or Edinburgh respect Certificates to be rively, to the Person or Persons producing every such Certificate and Debenture, the Sum or Sums of'; lanete^_!01 th: 'Money so certified to be due, out of the Moneys arising from any of the Duties, Revenues and Customs lame' under the Management of such respective Commissioners; and if the receiver-general or Cashier of the Customs at Edinburgh shall not have Money sufficient in his Hands to pay the Bounty so certified to be due, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at Edinburgh, or any three of them, shall forthwith without Fee or Reward give such Exporter, or Seller for Exportation, a Certificate, certifying the same to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at London; which Certificates being affixed to the Debentures for the Bounty of the said Linens so exported, and being produced to the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at London, they the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required on Demand by such Exporter or Seller for Exportation, or other Person legally authorised to receive the same, that shall bring such Certificate and Debenture, to cause the Money thereby certified to Ire due, to be paid by the receiver-general or Cashier of the Customs without Fee or Reward, out of the Mo v^du^oi lile mes that shall be in his Hands, arising from any of the Duties, Revenues and Customs under the Ma linens to be i nagement of the said Commissioners at London. and en

II. Provided always, That the Exporter, or Seller for Exportation, of such British and Irijl) Linens, cocque ^vnd shall in his Entry thereof express the Quantity and Value, and likewise endorse on the Cocquet granted Certificate 1.0m upon such Entry, the true Quantity and Value of the Linens intended to be shipped; and moreover the Searcher^shall, before he receive such Bounty, produce a Certificate from the Searcher or other proper Officer security ttiveri appointed to see the same shipped, verifying the shipping thereof, and shall likewise give sufficient Southeast for net reiand vol, VII 4 Q curity ins

666 C 15.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

and Oath to be made of the Value and Manufacture.

Searcher may examine if the Goods agree with the Entry and Cocquet $ if right, they are to be repacked at his Charge.

Linens entered for the Bounty of greater Value than 1 ». 6d. per Yard, to be delivered on Demand into the King's yare house,

and 1 s. 7 d. per Yard to be paid for the same. Goods to be afterwards sold puoiickly, to replace the Expense to the ptoper Funds. Overplus how to be applied.

Linens entered at an under Value, and refused to be given up 5

and also Linens found to be under the Value of dor 6 d. per Yard respectively, or less in Quantity or Breadth, than required by the Act,

or entered under a wrong Denomination,

to be forfeited with the Package.

Linens relanded to be forfeited,

with is. per Yard.

Striped and chequered Linens, C excepted.

curiiy to the Collector or Customer of the Port, in the Penalty of double the Value of the Goods intended to be exported, and one hundred Pounds (which Security every such Collector or Customer is hereby empowered and required to take in the Name, and to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; that such Linens so shipped or intended to be dripped, or any Part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought on Shore again in any Port or Part of Great Britain, Ireland, or The Isle of man y and shall also, before he receives any such Bounty, make Oath (which Oath the proper Officers of the Customs have hereby Power to administerp of the Value of such Linens, and that, the lame, were made in Great Britain or Ireland.

III. And in order to prevent Abuses in obtaining the said Bounty, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Searcher, or other proper Officer, after the Entry of any Linens, as being entitled to the said Bounty, and before or after the shipping thereof, to open and ftriiftly examine any Bale, Truss, Chest or other Package, to see if the Goods are right entered and endorsed on the Cocquet; and if, on such Examination, the same shall be found to be right entered and endorsed, the Searcher shall at his own Charge cause the same to be repacked; which Charge shall be allowed to the said Officer by the Commissioners of the Cuiloins if they think it reasonable.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon View ard Examination by the proper Officers of the Customs it shall appear, that all or any Piece or Pieces of Linen which shall be entered for Exportation, as entitled to the Bounty hereby granted, is or are of greater Value than one Shilling and sixpence per Yard, then, and in such Case, the Exporter, or Seller of such Linen for Exportation, shall, on Demand made in Writing by the Customer or collector and Comptroller of the Port where such Goods or Merchandizes are entered, deliver, or cause to be delivered, so many Pieces of such Linen as shall be demanded by the said Officer, into his Majesty's Warehouse at the Port of Exportation, for tyre Use and Benefit of the Crown; and upon such Delivery, the Customer or Collector of such Port, with the Privity of the Comptroller, shall, out of any Money in the Hands of such Customer or Collector, arising by Customs or other Duties belonging to the Crown, pay to such Exporter, or Seller for Exportation, the Value of one Shilling and feycn Pence ster Yard, taking a Receipt for the same from such Exporter or Seller for Exportation, in full Satisfaction for the said Goods, as if they had been regularly sold; and the respective Commissioners of the Customs shall cause the said Goods to be fairly and publicly sold for the belt Advantage; and out of the Produce thereof, the Money so paid or advanced as aforesaid, shall be repaid to such Customer or Collector, with the Privity of the Comptroller, to be replaced to such Funds from whence the same was borrowed; and if any Overplus shall remain, after defraying the Expenses of such Sale, and the necessary Charges incident thereto, one Moiety of such Overplus shall be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, to be made Part of the Sinking Fund, and the other Moiety to the proper Officers who shall have searched and examined such Linens.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall enter

for Exportation any Linen at any Value, not exceeding the Value of one Shilling and sixpence per Yard, and which, upon the View and Examination of the proper Officers of the Customs, shall be thought to be of greater Value than one Shilling and sixpence per Yard, and shall, on Demand made in Writing by the Customer or collecior, and Comptroller of the Port where such Linen is entered for Exportation, refuse to deliver, or cause to be delivered, all or any of the Pieces of such Linen into his Majesty's Warehouse at such Port, for the Use and Benefit of the Crown, and to receive from the said Officers of the Customs at the said Port the Value of one Shilling and seven Pence per Yard for such Linen, in full Satisfaction for the same; or if the proper Officers of the Customs shall, upon View and Examination, find any such Linen which shall be entered for Exportation, at the Value of sixpence per Yard, or above that Value, not exceeding eighteen Pence />rkyard, to be under the Value of sixpence per Yard, or which shall be entered at the Value of five Pence per Yard, or above that Value, and not amounting to the Value of sixpence per Yard, to be under the Value of five Pence per Yard; or if such Linen shall be less in Quantity than shall be expressed in the said Endorsement on the said Entry or Cocquet, or shall not be of the Breadth of twenty-five Inches at the least; or if the same shall be entered and endorsed under a wrong Denomination, whereby the said Bounty, or any. Part thereof, would have been fraudulently obtained; that then, and in every such Case, all such Linen which shall be so refused to be delivered, or that shall be under the Value of sixpence per Yard, or five Pence per Yard respectively, or shall appear to be less in Quantity than expressed in such Endorsement, or be under the Breadth of twenty-five Inches, or entered and indorsed under a wrong Denomination, and also all the Goods contained in all and every the Package or Packages indorsed on the said Entry or Cocquet, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs; and the Owner or Merchant shall lofetlie Benefit of receiving the Bounty for such Goods.

VI. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any British or Irish Linen for which the Bounty shall have been given or claimed, shall be relanded in Great Britain, Ireland, or The ijlc of Man, the same shall be forfeited; and every Person concerned in bringing back or relanding the same, shall forlcit one Shilling for every Yard so brought back orrelanded.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give any Bounty on any Linens that aie firmed or chequered, or printed or painted, or made into Buckrams or Tilletings.

VIII

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

i5

667

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Linen of the Ma info Linen rc nufadlure of Ireland, to be exported from Great Britain, shall be entitled to the Bounty, unless such ujf Linen shall be, at the Time of such Exportation, the Property of a Person or Persons redding in Great pme/ra make

Britain, or in foine of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations m America, of which the Exporter or Sel oath, that tbs ler for Exportation of such Irish Linen is hereby required to make Oath, before the proper Officer or [), mce1rstti of Officers of the Customs of the Port where such Irish Linen shall be entered for Exportation; which fomcwiit:

n in Great Britain of

oath such'officer or Officers is. or are hereby empowered to administer.

IX. 'and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Species of Irish Linen made of Flax and Amenc3

Hemp, whereof the Piece or Bolt contains thirty-eight Yards in Length, and twenty-four Inches in Linens except breadtli; and Clothes of different Lengths and Breadths in Proportion from Number one to Numbered from County, ten inclusive', which shall wreigh fifteen Pounds Weight or upwards, to forty-four Pounds Weight, as the same is described in an Act made in the ninth 't ear of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled.

An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Still Cloth; and for the more ef feslual securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, mall not be in titled to any Bounty or Reward by virtue or in consequence of this Act; anything in this or any former at contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Bonds taken or to be taken, and Deben bondsand oe tures made or to be made, pursuant to this Act, shall not be chargeable with any of the Duties bentur«ex upon stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper; any Law or Statute made or to be made to the contrary sump Duties, notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall falsely make any 200 Penalty,

Oath by this at directed to be made, and shall thereof be legally convicted in any of his Majesty's imprisorfment Courts of Record in Great Britain, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and on making a be imprisoned for twelve Months. false oath.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Seizures, Penalties and where Seizures, Forfeitures in this Act mentioned, shall and may be prosecuted and determined by Bill, Plaint or Infor Penalties, and mation, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in be^rose^ut'ed1^ Scotland respectively, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imps "u C "parlance shall be allowed; and one Moiety of the said Seizures, Penalties and Forfeitures, shall be qul^cof C

to the Use of the King's Majesty, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as will sue wningwhere for or prosecute the same; and in case in any such Suit it shall be made a Question whether any Linens were such Linen is of the Manufacture or Fabrics of Great Britain or Ireland, or of any foreign Coun kooatif jico'n try, in such Case the Onus Probandi thereof shall lie upon the Exporter or Seller thereof for Ex the Exporter.

portation.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty n "ei£r' fourth Day of June, no Subsidy, Custom, Rate, Duty, or other Imposition whatsoever, shall be de yams imported, manded, collected, received or taken, upon any Raw or Brown Linen Yarns, made of Flax, and

known by the names of Dutch Yarn and French Yarn, and of Spruce or Muscovia Yarn, or any other foreign Raw or Brown Linen Yarns made of Flax, which shall be imported into this Kingdom; but that all such Linen Y arns shall and may be imported duty free, for the Space of fifteen Years from the taken off for said twenty-fourth Day of June, or at any Time thereafter, before the End of the then next Section "

of Parliament; any former: Law, Statute, or Act err Acts of Parliament, to the contrary not with incite of quc (tending: And in case any Question ffiailarife in respect of Yarn imported duty free, whether rtion relating t, such Yarn be made of Flax or not, the Onus probandi shall lie upon the Importer or claimerjo^conthe001 thereof: t Importer.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a due Entry shall Entry to he

be made of all such foreign Raw, or Brown Linen Yarns, at the customhouse belonging to the Port luc

into which the same shall be imported, in such Manner and Form, and expressing the Quantities and Species of such Raw or Brown Linen Yarns, as were used and practised before the making of this Act;

and such yarn shall be landed in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs appoint porting,

ed for that Purpose; the Importation thereof, be in Ships or Vessels built in Great Britain, Ireland,

or his Majesty's Dominions in America, and navigated according to Law; and if any Person or Persons upon the Importation of any foreign Raw or Brown Linen Yam made of Flax, shall not observe

and perform the said Conditions and Directions herein before - mentioned, every fuel! per cr? -.

son shall be liable to and pay such and the same Duties, as such Yarn would have" been liable bypald. lt'e'u'

to, if this Act had not been made; anything in this Act contained to the contrary not with,

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be account'o/th's commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in Pursuance of this Act, the defendant 'tet, or Defendants in any (itch Action or Suit may plead the General Blue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by J '

the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear lb to have been done, the Jury shall find (or the Defendant

for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law

A. O

C A?.

668 C 16, 17

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

16 Car. 1. C 21,

I Joe. 2. C 8.

5 Geo. 1. c. 26.

II. Geo. 1. c. 23. 4 Geo. 2. c. 29. 15 Geo. 2. c. 32. 22 Geo. 2. c. 38. His Majesty 1m powered by Proclamation, or Order of Council, to prohibit lire Exportation of Salt f'etre.

Salt Petre, Gunpowder, Arms, or Ammunition, Hupped after iuchprohibition,

to be forfeited, C

and Owner to pay loo I. for every vvt, of such Salt Petre and Gunpowder 5

loo 1. for every 25 Arms, and 1001. for every CC vt. of other Ammunition } and Aiders in thipping thereof, to forfeit too 1. and treble Value j

and the Matter 100

The same may be prohibited from being carried Coastwise.

Application of the Penalties.

Cap. xvr.

i j

An Act to empower his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Salt Petre; and toenforce the Law for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms and Ammunition, and also to empower his Majesty to restrain the carrying Coastwise of Salt Petre, Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms or Ammunition.;

WHEREAS by an Act of Tonnage and Poundage made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, Power is expressly reserved to his Majesty to prohibit, at and for

such Times as he should see Cause, the transporting of Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms or Ammunition, into any Parts out of this Kingdom: And whereas Salt Petre is absolutely necessary to the making of Gunpowder, and the public Safety may require temporary Restraints upon the Exportation there ' of, at critical Conjunctures Therefore to prevent all Dobuts, be it hereby declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled by the Authority of the same, That his Majesty may, by Proclamation or Order in Council, when he shall see Cause, and for such Time as shall be therein expressed, prohibit the exporting, or attempting to export, Salt Petre out of this Kingdom, in such Manner and under such Restraints as he shall think fit.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That whatever Quantity or Quantities of Salt Petre, Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms or Ammunition prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council to be exported, shall be shipped or laden on Board any Ship or vessel in any of the Port or Ports of Great Britain, in order for Exportation, contrary to such Proclamation or Order, all such Salt Petre, Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms or Ammunition, prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council to be exported, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by Warrant from any magistrate, or by any customhouse. Import, or Excise Officer; and the Owner or Owners of such Salt Petre, Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms or Ammunition prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council to be exported, as shall be so shipped for Exportation, shall severally and respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every Hundred Weight of Salt Petre and Gunpowder, and foin Proportion for any Idler Quantity; and one hundred Pounds for every five and twenty Arms, and foin Proportion for any greater or Idler Number; and one hundred Pounds for every two hundred Weight of any Species of ammunition, and foin Proportion for any Idler Quantity, prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Counejl to be exported, so shipped for Exportation.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be aiding or assisting in the hipping or lading any Salt Petre, Gunpowder, or any sort of Arms or Ammunition for Exportation, during the Time it shall be so prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council, contrary to such Proclamation or Order, every such Person shall forfeit and pay one hundred Pounds, and treble the Value of such Salt Petre, Gunpowder, or any sort of Arms or Ammunition prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council to be exported.

IV. Provided also, and be it hereby further enacted, That if any Master of any Ship or Vessel shall lade or take on Board, or suffer or permit to be laden or taken on Board, any Salt Petre, Gunpowder, or any sort of Arms or Ammunition for Exportation, during the Time it shall be so prohibited to be exported as aforesaid, every such Master shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Clause, Matter and Thing herein contained, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to empower his Majesty to prohibit the shipping of any Salt Petre, Gunpowder, orany sort of Arms or Ammunition; in order to be carried Coastwise, in like Manner as he is by this Act empowered to prohibit the Exportation of Salt Petre.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Penalties before in this Act mentioned and provided, shall be divided into three several Parts, two third Parts thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other third Part thereof to such Person or Persons as shall seize or sue for the same, by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Exchequer in Great Britain, wherein no eftoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to prevent his Majesty's Subjects from serving as Officers under the French King; and for the better enforcing an Act passed in the ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to prevent the enlisting his Majesty's Subjects to serve as Soldiers without his Majesty's Licence; and for obliging such of his Majesty's Subjects as shall accept Commissions in the Scotch Brigade, in the Service of the States General of the United Provinces, to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration.

WHEREAS diverse of his Majesty's Subjects have been induced to serve as Officers under the French King, which Practice is highly to the dishonour, and is greatly prejudicial to the Safety and Welfare of this Kingdom: For Remedy thereof; Be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty,

ap. 1756. V anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 17. 669

effyv, by and with the Advice and Consent of the lords'spiritual and temporafand Commons in this jvrefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Subject of the Crown of ^ccj§jj"t|ro£ Great Britain; from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, shall take commissionj or accept of any Military Commission, or otherwise enter into the Military Service of the French King, C in the as a Commissioned br non commissioned Officer, without Leave or Licence of his Majesty, his Heirs or f^vice without successors, first had and obtained for that Purpose, under the Sign Manual of his Majesty, his Heirs or Leavefuhder Successors, nevery such ri person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be taken, deemed thesignma and adjudged to be gqilty of felony,: and mail suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit ofnua1' felony clergy, 'JT t.d lonni; !

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any commissioned or non com officers snd' mifliofted Officer, ! of private Soldier (being a Subject of the Crown of Great Britain) who may be now Soldiers return in the Laid I Service, without Iris majesty's Licence first had and obtained as aforesaid, do and shall, on mfred^ime to or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, return into their Du and this Kingdom, with Intent to become, and shall become, a dutiful and faithful Subject to his Majesty, Allegiance, and his 'Heirs" and Successorsf and surrender/himself to any one or mormof his Majesty's Justices of the the Peace within this kingdom, and fhalb within, the time aforesaid, with good and sufficient Sureties, enter into a sufficient Recognisance to appear at the next General Assizes', or General Quarter sessions

of the peace to ber held for the County in which he or they shall so surrender, and shall at such General Assizes, or Quarter sessions of the Peace, take and subscribe the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration in open Court, such Officer or Soldier shall from thenceforth be exempted and freed from all Of ex ted from fences, Penalties and Forfeitures created by this Act, or by any other Act, against enlisting in So penalties; reign Service; anything in this Act, or any former Act, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted, that if any Commissioned or nori comitthfibned Officers 6r' Private

Soldiers' (Subjects of the Crown: of 'Great Britain) who are now.in The servidlof the French King, shall adjudged guilty remain and continue'in'such Service, from and after the; said twentyaiinth Day of September one thou of Felony, sand seven hundred and fifty seven, without Leave or Licence from his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, first had and obtained, under the Sign Manual of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successiors, all and every such persons and Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be taken, deemed and adjudged to' be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases; of Felony, without and suffer death. Benefit of Clergy.' T "5: !K, J

IM. And whereds'a Practice has been introduced in order to evade andelude the' Provisions made by an Act passed in the ninth year of his present Majesty's Reign, entitled. an act'to prevent the lifting, 9^o.z. c. io,

his 'majestfs Subjiff to serve as soldiers without his Majesty's ' licence, by hiring, retaining, or procuring.

his Majesty's Subjects to gobeyond the Seas, 'or embark, with an Intent upon their arrival abroad, to

enlist and enter themselves to serve as Soldiers in Foreign 'Service, Without actually giving them any i enlisting Money at the Time of their To procuring them to go abroad, with the Intent aforesaid: ' whereas a Doubt has arose, whether the so hiring, retaining or procuring, his Majesty's Subjects,

with Intent to embark, and go beyond the Seas, to be Inliffed when abroad to serve as Soldiers in.

Foreign Service, without actually paying to such Persons, and their receiving infilling Money here from the Persons so hiring, retaining or procuring, be an Enlisting within the Meaning and Intention of the said Act of the ninth of his present Majesty, so as. so make such Person liable to the Provisions and Penalties of the said Act for removing the said Doubt, and for the more' effectually preventing,

a Practice so highly detrimental to this Kingdom; Be it declared and enacted, That if any Subject ofsubjcfiscon the Crown of Great Britain hath engaged, contracted or agreed, or shall engage, contrast or agree, trading. &c.tto within the Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, to go beyond the Seas, or embark, with an Intent and iort's "in order to enlist and enter himself to serve as a Soldier in any Foreign Service, though no enlisting Money be actually! paid to or received by him; or if any person hath hired, retained, engaged or procured, a"<i!^erf-en' or shall hire, retain, engage or procure any subject of his Majesty, Iris heirs or successors, though no without i.icence enlisting. Money hath been or shall be actually paid to or received by him, to agree to go beyond the from his ifa seas, or embark, with an Intent and in order to be enlisted to serve any Foreign Prince, State or Po jem tentate, asa soldier, without Leave or Licence of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, first had and obtained for that Purpose; every such Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged to be guilty of Felony, 'and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit ofto suffer death: Clergy.

V. And whereas it is highly necessary that Officers of Troops composed of British Subjects and recruited in Great Britain, by his Majesty's Permission, should not be permitted to enter into the Service of any foreign Power or State whatsoever, without giving the most solemn Testimony of the Allegiance which they owe to his most sacred Majesty; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if subjects accept any of his Majesty's British Subjects shall, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand jnstf(e scotch°rs seven hundred and fifty six, accept of Commissions in the Corps in the Service of their High Mighti Brigaide, in the nesses the States General of the United Provinces, distinguished by the Name of The Scotch Brigade, States Generals and who are not already in that Service, every such Person shall within six Months after the Date of such Service his Commission, take and subscribe the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration in one of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or at the General Assizes or, General quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held to the

for same County, in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in the Court of Session - of°at's' Justiciary, Court of exchequer; in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in a Sheriff or Stewart Court, cr before the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter sessions there, or in the Dominions of the States General, before his Majesty's Minister there (who are hereby empowered to administer such',

670 1

and trn'.smit a Certificate, y, thereof, with the Date of their commission, to the Southeast. cretary at War, to be L egilteied, C,

Penalty of 500l.

Justices at their Quarter sessions, may order Prisoners for Debt on 1 Jan. 1735, to be brought before them, to be discharged on their conforming to the recited Act,

670 C. 18. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

Oaths); and every such Officer shall within six Months after he shall have taken and subscribed such Oaths as aforesaid, transmit a Certificate thereof signed by order! ofd such Court or tptidbn or per.foii*| before whom thcfifaipe shall; been so taken and subscribed as before directed, together with am Account of the Date, of his Commission, to his Majesty's Secretary at War for the time being, wlior is hereby required to register the names of all such Officers, and the Dates, of their commissions and such Court;or Person or Persons, before whom such Oaths are taken andt subscribed, are hereby! required to give such Certificate to every, such Officer, as aforesaid and every such officer noltrfiow in', the Service of the States General, who shall accept, of a Commission in the Corps. aforesaid, r and shall not take and subscribe the Oaths aforesaid, and transmit a Certificate thereof, in Manner before directed,) shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by, action.df' deb'r, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any ptjhis majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the court of session or Exchequer in Scotland one Moiety whereof shall go to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, and the other Moiety to his Majesty, within one Year after such Person so offending shall come into Great Britain.

---

[Offences committed without this Realm, may be tried in Great Britain.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Offence against this Act, though committed without this Realm, shall and may be alleged to be committed, and may be laid, inquired of, and tried, in any County in Great Britain.

[Not to work Corruption of Blood.]

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Attainder for any Offence made Felony by this Act, shall make or work any Corruption of Blood, Loss of Dower, or Disherison of Heir or Heirs.

CAP. XVIII.

An act to obviate a Doubt arisen on an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for Relief of Sheriffs and Keepers of prisons, in respect to Escapes of such Persons as were prevented by the said Doubt from being discharged under the said act.

[28 Geo. 2. c. 13.]

'WHEREAS by an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That all Sheriffs, Gaolers or Keepers of Prisons in any County, Riding, Division, City, Town and Liberty, within this Kingdom, were required to make an exact alphabetical List of the Names of all such Persons who on the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, were in their actual Custody, together with the Names of the Persons at whose suit such Prisoners were detained, and deliver the same upon Oath to the Justices at their first General or Quarter Sessions to be held after the thirty-first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; as also to fix upon the Gate of the said Prisons true Copies of the said Lists ten Days before the said Sessions; And it was thereby further enacted, That the Persons whose Names were inserted in such Lists, and who at the Time in the said recited Act mentioned were in the actual Custody of any Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers of Prisons, taking the oath, and giving such Notice to their Creditors as the said Act requires, might be released and discharged from their Imprisonment: And whereas it was in, most Places impracticable for Sheriffs. Gaolers, or Keepers of Prisons to deliver in Lists at the time directed by the said Act, as the first General or Quarter Sessions next after the thirty first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, was held before the said act passed into a Law: And, whereas a Doubt has arisen, whether the Justices in any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for any County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Liberty, within this Kingdom, had, by the said above recited Act, a Power to discharge any Prisoner or Prisoners at any General or Quarter, Sessions held subsequent to that held after the thirty first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; and, whether the Discharges of Prisoners by the Justices, in pursuance of the said Act, have been legal: And whereas the Justices of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster, by reason of such Doubt, have absolutely refused to discharge the Prisoners in the Gaols of their several Jurisdictions; which Case may likewise have happened in other Places, whereby they are still detained, in a loathsome Prison: And whereas notwithstanding such Doubt the Justices in many Counties have proceeded to discharge, and have discharged Prisoners from many Gaols in this Kingdom, at the Sessions held subsequent to that held next after the thirty first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five;' To obviate which Doubt, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Justices at their Quarter-Sessions, may order Prisoners for Debt on 1 Jan. 1755, to be brought before them, to be discharged on their conforming to the recited Act.]

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Liberty, within this Kingdom, at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held for such County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Liberty, after the passing of this Act, or at any.subsequent General or Quarter Sessions (within the Time limited by the said recited Act) to direct and order the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers of Prisons, to bring up any Person or Persons, who was, or were, in their actual Custody, on the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; and upon such Prisoner and Prisoners pursuing the Directions of the said former Act, such Justices may (if they see just Cause) release and discharge such Prisoner or Prisoners from their Imprisonment; anything in this or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. C. 19 671

[Sheriff or Gaoler sued for Escape of Prisoner, who had complied with the recited Act,]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any action has been, or shall be brought against any Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, on account of the Escape of any such Prisoner so detained as aforesaid, the Defendant in such Action, upon Proof made, that such Prisoner had complied, as far as in him lay, with all the Directions, of the said Act, and was detained in Custody, only by reason of the said Doubt,

[liable only for the Estate or Effects wasted or secreted since Delivery of prisoner's Schedule.]

shall not be liable to answer or make Satisfaction to the Plaintiff, to any greater Amount than the value of the Estate and Effects comprised in the Schedule given in and sworn to by such prisoner, pursuant to the Directions of the said act, in case the whole shall appear to have been wasted or secreted, or the Value of so much thereof, as shall appear to have been wasted or secreted, subsequent to the Time when such Schedule was delivered to the Clerk of the Peace.

[Discharge of Prisoners in pursuance of the recited Act, declared to be valid.]

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all discharges of prisoners by the justices of the peace in pursuance of the herein before recited act, where such prisoners have complied with every direction of the said act, are hereby declared to be good and legal discharges, to all intents and purposes; and such justices, and all sheriffs, gaolers, keepers of prisons, and every other person or persons, acting under them, are hereby indemnified for what they may have done in pursuance thereof, in the same manner as if no such doubt had arisen.

CAP. XIX.

An act to impower Judges of Courts of Record in Cities and Towns Corporate, Liberties and Franchises, to let Fines on persons who shall be summoned to serve upon Juries in such Courts, and shall: neglect to attend.

---

WHEREAS the City of London, and many other Cities and Towns Corporate, Liberties and for former Law Franchises, within this Kingdom, have by Royal Grants, Or by Prescription, certain Courts of refe rto 13 Ed. 1.

Record held within such Cities and Towns Corporate, Liberties and Franchises respectively, for the £ 3*.

Trial of Addons' and Suits arising within the Limits or Jurisdictions of such Cities and Towns Corporate, Liberties of Franchises respectively: And whereas great Inconveniences and Delays frequent 5 £</ 3 f 10.

ly happen to the Suitors in? those courts, by reason that Persons duly impanelled and summoned to Ed' 3 a 5-

serve upon Juries' in such churtsj refuseor neglect to appear and serve upon the same: And whereas 3. r

fuclv Inconveniences and Delays principally arise from want of Power in the Judge or Judges of

'.such Courts' to compel Persons who are impanelled and summoned to serve upon Juries, for J r' 11 '

the trial of Causes depending in such Courts, to attend, or to line them for their not attending: '\iht/. 1.

Wherefore be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent 4 H 8- 3.

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the 5 C 5 authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hull 33 //.' 8.' C e.' dred and fifty six, every Person duly impanelled and summoned to serve upon any Jury sort the Trial 27 ehz. c. 6. of any Cause to be tried in any Court' or Record, held or to be held within the said City of London, J morin any other, City or Town Corporate, Liberties or Franchises, within the Kingdom of 'englandwho rr. 3.

shall not appear and serve on such Jury (after being openly called three Times, and on Proof being 32-

made on Oath of the Person Jo making Default having been duly summoned] shall forfeit and pay for Bern's* 2 every such his Default, such Fine net exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than the Sum of Gel'. 1. 7 F' twenty Shillings, as the Judge - or judges of the respective Courts Wherein any such Default shall 6 Geo. 2. c. 7. be made, shall, from time to time, deem reasonable to impose or set; unless some just Cause for pt^naum 8' such defaulter's Absence, shall be made appear by Qadi or Affidavit, to the Satisfaction of the Judge moned to seen or Judges of the said respective Courts wherein any such Default shall from time to time be made. on juries, not

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person on whom any Fine shall ?oforfeitenot be imposed or set in pursuance of this act, shall refuse to pay the same to the Person or Persons who shall more than ks, be authorised by the Judge of Judges who shall impose or set any such Fine', 'to receive the same, it shall nor less than and may be lawful for the Judge or Judges who shall have imposed or set any such Fine, and he and court'b^satis they is and are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands fied with the and Seals, to cause all and every such Fine which shall have been imposed or set by him or them as afore pufe of ab said, to be levied, from time to time, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of the Person or finaviable by Persons on whom any such Fine Iliad have been so imposed or set as aforesaid 3 and the Overplus Money, Distress and

if any, which shall remain after Payment of such fine, "and deducting the reasonable Charges of such aie distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Person or Persons whole Goons and Chattles shall have been so returned to tie distrained and sold. Owner.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Fine which shall be jm fine to be paid posed or set in pursuance of this act, diall, when received or levied, be paid by the Person who shallt0 the proper receive or levy the same, to the proper Officer of the City or Town Corporate, Liberty or Franchise, beappuetas'0 in which the Court or Courts was or were held, wherein such Fine lo received or levied was im other hr^of posed or set 3 to be applied to such Uses, as Ilfues seton Jurors, or other Fines set in Courts held Court, within such City or Town Corporate, Liberty or Franchise, are by Charter, Prescription or Usage applicable. "

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation of brought or commenced against any Person. or Persons for anything done in Pursuance of this act, Afttons.

672 C 20, 21. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

then and in every such case; such Suit or Action shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next after the matter complained of shall have been committed, and not afterwards; and General issue. that the Defendant or Defendants in every such aion, shall and may plead the General issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, on any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in Pursuance and by the Authority hereof.; and if upon the Trial of any such Action or Actions, the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, df discontinue his or their. Action; or Actions; if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall, and may double corts.' recover double costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, 'as; ariy Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XX.

An Act for erecting, maintaining, and supporting a light house on the Island of Little Cumray, in the County of Bute, at the Mouth of the River Clyde in North Britain; and for rendering the Navigation in the Frith and River of Clyde more safe and commodious.

PR.

WHEREAS the Entry into the River Clyde is extremely dangerous, whereby Ships are frequently in great Hazard of being shipwrecked, especially in the nighttime, which might' in a great Measure be prevented by a light house on the Summit or southwest End of the Islandiof Little Cumray, which will be a public Benefit: And whereas there are several.shoalsiar^d flats^in the Frith

and River of Clyde, which if removed or marked out by Beacons, would render the Navigation more safe and commodious And whereas there is no Fund provided for ahfwerirtg the Purposes aforesaid: And Whereas the said Island is the Property of the Right Honourable Alexander Earl of Eglintoun, which he holds under a strict Settlement or Tailzie, whereby he is restrained from alienating the same, or any Part thereof, under the usual Certification in such Deeds of Uriel Settlement of irritating and

forfeiting his Right to the whole Estate: whereas the said Earl is willing that two Acres of the said Island of Little Cumray, with the Liberty and Privilege of a Road; or Passage, to the Shore, of the said Island, should be veiled in Trustees, for the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned, to be held in feu of him, and the other Heirs of Tailzie in the said Estates, on the Payment of an annual feu duty of two Pounds Sterling, and to execute such deeds as shall be thought necessary for that Purpose, but the same cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament; 'Wherefore, may it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, C "

"given to the Earl of egungtoun to grant at a certain Rent, a feu charter of two Acres of Land on the Island of Little Cumray, for erecting a light house. feu duty to defeend to the Heirs of Tailzie. 44 Property of the said two' Acres vetted in Trustees. Trustees empowered to appoint proper Officers; 41 and to allow them Salaries; also to erect a light house and other necessary Works for rendering the ". Navigation commodious; and after such Erection, to demand id. per Tonne from Vessels passing the "said light house., Annual, Rent of 40l. to be paid to the said Earl, &c.\out of the said Duties. "Pain of 40 5. payable on Arrears of the said Rent. Proceedings of the Trustees, and Accounts of the "Receipts and Disbursements of Moneys, to be entered in Books. Trustees empowered to borrow Mo "for the Purposes of this Action the Credit of the Duties. Vessels not to be cleared at the Cu "till a Receipt he produced. that these Duties are paid. Duties may be levied by di rtrefs and Sale. The King's Shipsj Y. exempted from the Duties. Buildings vested in, and to be repaired by the Trustees. Proper Fire in the Night season to be kept in the light house, fsv. Sura "plus to be applied one sixth for improving the Harbour of Greenock, and the Residue to the improving the Navigation above (Greenock. Duties may be sued for in any Court competent for Civil Actions, and be determined in a summary Way. Civil Officers to assist in putting this Actin Exe cution,

CAP. XXI.

An Act for imbanking and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, called The Washes, lying and being in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Wit chain, Eh, tvitchford, Wentworth, Coveney and Downham, in the ife of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and of Bluntisham with Erith in the County of Huntingdon.

PR.

WHEREAS certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called The tfajbes, lying' and being in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, 1 Sit chain,

Ely, ifitch ford, ifcnttvor/h, Coveney and>downham, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and also Bluntisham with Erith, in the County of Huntingdon, containing in the whole fifteen hundred Acres or thereabouts, the Boundaries whereof are as followeth; that is to say, Beginning at a Bank called The Old Bedford Bunk, and from thence over The Old Bedford River, below The Nine Holes Sluice,

to Earith Drove; and from thence by the said Drove to the upper End of Bluntisham School Ground,

S and

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 22.

C and across the upper End of the said School Ground to The Hundred Feet, or New Bedford River;

and from thence by the West Side of the said Hundred Feet, or New Bedford River, to Richard Rar rfan's Waflt, below Ox Willow Load, and then along the said Load to the Old Bedford Bank, and so along the East Side of the said Bank to The Nine Holes Sluice aforesaid, are, except certain Parts or Parcels thereof, which are herein after described and excepted, subject to be overflowed by Tides and final! Freshes, and are in Danger of being rendered useless, to the great Damage and Impoverishment of the Owners and Proprietors of such Ground, and to the Loss of the Public j'May it therefore please your tnoft Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, C "

"empowered to imbank the River, and lay Tunnels, making Satisfaction for Damages. "Differences to be udjufted at the Quarter sessions. Commissioners are to meet twice a Year and "make Orders concerning the draining and preserving the Low Grounds, and to appoint proper Of "who are to give Security, Where Ditches shall be filled up. Ports and Rails are to be erected. 44 An acre tax, not exceeding 1 s. 6d. to be laid on the Fens and Low Grounds, for the two first Years; "and for every Year after, not exceeding is. per Acre. Days for Payment to be appointed. Proprie tors of the Crops of Hay on Middle Moors, to pay two Thirds of the Tax, and the Lcflces one Third. "Commissioners may borrow Money and assign over the Taxes. The Taxes may be levied by Distress and Sale. Tenants to pay the Tax, which is to be allowed in their Rent; except where there is a "Lease fubflfting of three or more Years. Penalty of making a Way over the Wafnes. Owners neg lecling to scour their Dikes, and lay proper Tunnels, after Notice, Collectors may cause the same to be done, and levy the Charge. Penalty of damaging the Banks. For want of Distress Offender to be committed. Accounts to be audited yearly; Officers to attend, and verify the same on Oath. Ac "when parted to be entered in two Sets of Books, c3 C Tunnels for taking Water out of the River into the Washes, not to be laid more than two Feet below the Surface. On Death, GY. of Commissioners, others to be chosen. Number of Commissioners not to exceed thirty-one. Elections to be registered. Qualification of Commissioners. Reservation of the Rights of the Conservators of "Bedford Level."

CAP. XXII.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the isle of Ely and County of Norfolk, lying between the Hundred Foot River and the Ouse, and bounded on the South by the Hard Lands of Mepall, ivicheim, Wentworth, Wichford, Ely, Downham and Littleport and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invejied Lands.

WHEREAS certain Fen Lands and low Grounds lying and being in the several Parishes of Mepall, Wicham, Coveney, Wentworth, Wichford, Dozvnhatn and Littleport, ar d in the Township of Ely in the Jfe of Ely and County of Cambridge; and also in the Parish of Welney in the said Isle and County of Norfolk; and also in the Parishes of Southery, Helgay and Denver in the said County of Norfolk \ containing in the Whole eighteen thousand Acres, or thereabouts, and which are bounded as follows; that is to say. From the South Bank of New Bedford River, commonly called The Hundred Feet Bank, at the Bottom of Mepall Green along the Edge of the said Green and Skirts of the high Lands, to a certain Place called Wicham Hive or Hithe; and from thence along the Skirts of the high Lands to the Bottom of Wolbey Hill, and from thence round the Edge of the highlands to Grunty Fen Drcdn near Wichford town's End; and eroding the said Drain, along the Side of the high Lanas to Beale Farm at the Bottom of Ely Field; and from thence round the Skirts of the highlands of Ely and Downham to a certain Place called Downham Hive or Hithe, and from thence along the Side of the highlands to Westrnoor Bridge, and so along Grunty Pen Drain to a certain Place called Witches Corner, and from thence by the Skirts of the highlands of Downham and Chetiisham to the Bottom of Chettisham wood Closes, now called jvoodhouse Farm, and a'ong the Bo'tom of the said Farm to a Ccr tain House called wood's End House; and from the said House along the Skirts of the highlands to Littleport Caufnvay; and along the said Causeway to the hard Lands at the Bottom of Littleport Field, and then round the Bo: tom of the said Field and hard Lands of Littleport to a ceriain Place called Littleport Knoll, and so round the Edge of the said Knoll; and along the Skirts of the high Lands to an ancient. Sewer, called The Croft River, and then along the North Bank of the said Sewer to the West Bank of the River Ouse, at a Place called Littleport Chair, and from thence along the said West Bank of the River Ouse to Denver Sluice, and from the said Sluice along the South Bank of New Bedford River to the Bottom of Mepall Green aforesaid, except the imbanked Grounds for merly of Edmund Skipwith Esquire (now belonging to Finer Small Esquire) lying on the North Side of the River Ouse, are frequently very much annoyed with Waters, through the Defect of Their Out salis to Sea, to the great Damage and Impoverishment of the Owners of fetch Lands, and of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places where the same do lie: And whereas the said Fen Lands and low Grounds cannot be drained and preferred without the Aid of Parliament; 'May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, nil Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the La rd Vox. VII 4 R jbhhop

674

Commissioners with others, to be chosen for the several Places to execute the A £1,

The first com mifiloners for the several Places.

Their Continuance.

Future com nrflioners to be rhoftn annually

Their Qualification,

Exception.

C 22. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

Bishop of Ely for the time being, the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the several and respective Manors of Coveney, Littleport, Up well, Southery and Denver for the time being, or in their Absence, their several and respcfhve Stewards or Agents appointed under their Hands; an Agent appointed by the Dean and Chapter of Ely under their Common Seal; every Person who for the time being shall be bona sids seized or possessed in his or her own pjght of two hundred Acres of Land, lub jest to be taxed by virtue of this Act, lying within the Limits above described; or in the Absence of such Person or Persons, his, her or their Agent or Agents appointed tinder their Hands, together wrh five Persons, being Owners or Lands lying within the Township of Ely; two Persons, being Owners of Lands lying in the Parish of ivicham; seven Persons, being Owners of Lands lying in the Pari 111 of Coveney two Persons, being Owners of Lands lying in the Parish of I PI chford, twenty-two Persons, being Owners of Lands lying in the Parish of Downhant; twenty Persons, being Owners of Lands lying in the Parish of Lhtleport; six Persons, being Owners of Lands lying in the Parish of Welney; seven Persons, being Owners of Lands lying in the Parish of Southery; nineteen Persons, being Owners of Lands lying in the Parish of Helgay; and one Person, being an Owner of Lands lying in the Parish of Denver; to be respectively chosen as herein after is directed, shall be commissioners to put this present aist, and all the Powers and Authorities herein after mentioned, in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That William Cole Esquire, Charles Nalfon Cole Esquire, John Met lay,

Jonathan Page, and John Drage, Gentlemen, tliall be the first coinmiftfoners for the Paid Tovnship of Ely; Anthony Gregory and William Saberton, Gentlemen, shall be the first of for the Paid Parish of ivicham; the Reverend Master Thomas Neale, George Clay, William Clay, Robert Marling, William Saunter, William Musgrave and Abraham Biggs, shall be the first Commissioners for the Paid Parish of Gcveucy; Gectge Peacock and John Cave, fnali he the first Commissioners for the said Parish of wiehfordfrancis Top ham and Dinghy ajkham Esquires, the Reverend Master Tleomas Jones, John lea ford, John Tingey, Francis Tingey, Robert Afpland, John Leaford junior, William Cole the elder, Anthony South, Joseph Denfon, Richard Ho (Am, Edward Martin, Robert Rayner, Richard Grimditch senior, Philip Cawthorne, 'Mi cab Cole, ifuliam Longman senior, John Ellington, Francis Moxcn, Philip Hcpkin and Robert Clarke, shall be the first Commissioners for the said Parish of Downbam; John Patcriche Esquire, Painter Mender, Henry Morley junior, Afoley, John Barber, John Love, Gentlemen,

the Reverend Master Richard Ofivin, John Barratt Reyner, Robert Cralb senior, Robert Crabb junior, John Cutlack, Janies Clarke, William dislamore, Robert Sutton, William Crabb, John Crabb, Henry wade low, Thomas Prior, Thomas Gotobed and John Lough, shall be the first Commissioners for the said Parish of Littleport \ William Greaves, Hart, Esquires, Gabriel Scott, Robinson, John Scott

and Edward Smart, shall be the first Commissioners for the said Parish of Welney; Sir Robert Burdct Baronet, Aunger Peacock Esquire, John Waddington, Henry Robinson, Abraham Murphet, Gregory Porter and William Pigott, shall be the first Commissioners for the said Parish of Southery, Sir Cecil jvray Baronet, Sir Thomas Drury Baronet, Matthew Robinson Morris, Henry Morley, Matthew jvtldbore, Thomas Waddington and Edward Pratt, Esquires, George Hat land, William Galloway, Isaac Cockram, Thomas weafen ham, _ Eaton, Christopher Galloway, Henry Mayer, Robert seas, Henry Tan fey. King Whit red, William Nix and George South, shall be the first Commissioners for the said Parish of Helgay; and the Reverend Samuel Sedman, D.D. shall be the first Commissioner for the said Parish of Denver: And that the said Persons shall continue Commissioners for the said Towns and Parishes respectively, until the Friday after the second Sunday in the Month of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty ieven; and that all such Persons as are bona fide seized or possessed in their own Right, of ten Acres of Land, subject to be taxed by virtue of this ab, lying within the said Township of Ely, shall meet at the shire house in Ely; and all such Persons as are bona fide seized or possessed in their own Right, of ten Acres of like taxable Lands, lying in the several Parishes of Mcpall, ivicham, Coveney, Wentworth, Wiehford, Downhant, Littleport, ivtlney, Southery, Helgay and Denver, respectively, shall meet in their respective Parish Churches, upon the Friday next after the second Sunday in the Month of April in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and upon the Friday next after the second Sunday in April in every succeeding Year and shall clioofe so many Persons to' be Commissioners for the said Towns and Parishes respectively, as are herein before appointed to be Commissioners for the said Towns and Parishes respectively: And in case the Persons who are to clioofe Commissioners for the Township of Ely, or for any of the Patilhes aforesaid, shall neglect to meet in any Year at the Time appointed for such Elections, or shall not choose Commissioners accordingly, then the Persons who were Commissioners for the said Township or Parish in the preceding Year, shall continue Commissioners for the same, until other Commissioners shall be chosen as aforesaid, upon the Friday after the second Sunday in April in the next or some succeeding Year.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be enabled to act, sit or meet

as a Commissioner for any of the Purposes of this Act, unless he shall be the real Owner of twenty

Acres of like taxable Lands, within the said Fens and low Grounds, bounded and described as aforesaid; the said Lord Bishop of Ely, and the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the several and respective Manors of Coveney, Littleport, Upwell and Southery, for the time being, or his her or their respective Stewards or Agents, the Agent of the Dean and Chapter of Ely, and the several and respective Agents of such Persons as shall be possessed of two hundred Acres of taxable Lands as aforesaid, and fume one of the Trustees of the Poors Land belonging to each of the Towns of Ely, Welney, and pldgr.y respectively.

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

G. 22. 675

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners, or their Successors, or any thirteen or Commurienen more of them, shall twice in every Year, to wit, Upon the hit Wednesday in April, and laic //'edncj jay4"

in October, or oftener, as they see Cause, meet at same pubiik House in Ely, Ccvcney, Dcivnkam in the oft ner, II CC isle, Litthport or Helgay, to be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them; tcl6'>' the first General Meeting to be at the Shire house in Ely, upon the third Friday after the passing of Firrt General this Act; and at such Meeting shall have full Power and Authority to make Orders, and give Direc meltins* tions, for the better and more orderly Management of the Work of draining the said Fens and Low Grounds, and for making proper Cuts, Drains, Dams, Tunnels and Outlets through the same, and for making and erecting proper Works and Engines thereupon, and for the Maintenance thereof; and also Commissioners to appoint one or more Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or such other proper Officer or to nppg'r, t Co officers, as they the said Commissioners shall think lit, for taking Care of such Works, and for collect Jiher officers ing the Rates or alteltrnents which shall be made or aflcfied for the Maintenance thereof; and to allow and appoint to be paid to such Officers, out of the said Rates and afeltments, such yearly or other Wages and Salaries, for their Trouble and Pains in their respective Offices, as the said Commissioners, or any thirteen of them present at such Meeting, shall think reasonable; which said Collector or Collectors, Re wiioaretobe ceiver or Receivers, or other Officer or Officers, to be appointed as aforesaid, may be altered and remov r movabl ed at the Will and Pleasure of the said Commissioners, or any thirteen of them assembled at such Meeting or Meetings to be held as aforesaid, and another or others chosen and appointed in his or their Room and Stead, as Occasion shall require; and such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to be and tog.ve southeast named and appointed as aforesaid, shall before they ait in the Execution of their several Offices, give such cunt Security for the due Execution of such their respective Offices, and for performing the several Trusts to them committed, as the said Commissioners, or any thirteen of them then present, shall in their discretion think fit.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, or their Commissioncn

Successors, shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time hereafter, at their Wills and Plea n"4e'cuts i C

lures, to make such Cuts, Drains, Dams, Tunnels and Outlets, through the said Fens and Low and ereit kv

Grounds, or any Part thereof, so bounded and described as aforesaid, and to erect such Works and s!ne3 for dnin engines thereupon, for draining and conveying the Waters from the same, as shall be thought fit, 105 tlle lards necessary and convenient, by the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, at the Meeting or Meetings to be held as herein before is appointed for tite Purposes aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, That if the said Commissioners shall make, or cause to be made, any Cut, Saturation to Drain, Dam, Tunnel or Outlet, through any several Grounds, or creel any new Work or Works be m "di Ior thereupon, then they shall pay a reasonable Satisfaction to the.peidcm or Persons who hath or have amases>

Right to the Soil through which such Cut, Drain, Dam, Tunnel or Outlet shall be made, or whereupon such Woik or Works, Engine or Engines shall be creeled, for the Damages such Person or Persons shall sustain, and as shall be agreed upon between the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, and the Person or Persons having such Right as aforesaid; and if the said Commissioners, to be determi or any thirteen or more of them, and such Person or Persons, cannot agree about the Amount of such ned, in case of Damage, that then the same shall be allehed, adjudged and finally determined, by the Justices of the y

Peace, or the major Part of them, at the next General or Quarter session of the Peace to be held for the seffior.s. said isle of Ely, or County of Cambridge.

6 VII. And whereas a considerable Part of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying near the Skirts 1 of the Highlands, are much higher in their Situation than the rest, and if the Sewers lie in common, it is apprehended, may be made too dry, by such Time as the lowetl Lands are Weil drained Therefore for avoiding this Inconvenience, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said provicon to be Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, to erect such Stanches or Overfalls, at proper Places, in the Drains and Dikes leading from the said Lands, as they the said Cmnmissioners shall, in their the Highlands

necessary to keep up a sufficient Head of Water, for the Service of

ich bordering from bein210°

s dry.

Discretion, judge Lands.

VIII. And be it further enacted, Thai at all and every or any such Meeting or Meetings to be held as Commissioners aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, to alless, rate, ja Twlf0' tax and charge, all and every the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of all and fingu draining the lar the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, so bounded and described as aforesaid, by an equal and Lands, proportionable Tax, in any Rate or Sum, not exceeding one Shilling per Acre for each Year, for carrying on and effecting tile said Work of draining and maintaining the lame; and to limit and appoint such

certain Days and Places for the respective Payments of fuel! Tax to the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for the Time being, as they the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or mote of them, under their Hands, shall ditedl and appoint.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Tax lb to be altelled, rated ami charged, shall not Not under sd.

be less than eight Pence per Acre in each Year, until all the Money which shall be borrowed for the Jfr Acre t Purposts of this Act, with the Interefc thereof, 'shall be disch nrged. - -- ro\ved°be paid?

X Provided always, That no Assessment, Rate or Tax, shall be made, collected or levied, upon Lands, being Part of the Lands bounded and d. fienbed' as aforesaid, which are Highlands, and h

i paid.

any provjfo touch

having Commons.

not been futject to Inundations; and that no Act'effinent, Rate or Tax, shall, during the first Lands exempted five Years after the making of this Act, be made, colledied or levied, upon any Lands within the for a certain Limits abovementioned, which are now so dug out into Hods or Turf Pools, so as to be at present Ierm* of no Use; neither shall any Assessment, Rate or Tax be made, collected or levied, upon the imbank Other Lands ed Lands of "John Part end e Esqtiire, known by the Name of ivillow Rozv Farms; nor upon tyre im exempted, r, banked Lands of John Pike Esquire?' called The Ch in Farm \wliuleport aforesaid; so long Time only

676 C 22. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

as the Owners or Occupiers of those Lands respectively shall keep and maintain the respective Banks, now kept and maintained by them, of a sufficient Height to keep the Waters (except such Waters as shall overflow by a Breach of the Corporation Banks) draining from the Lands which are defended by the said Banks, from overflowing into the Lands without the said Banks.

Commissioners

XI. Provided also, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to make any Cuts, Drains, with theftid*6 Dams, Tunnels or Outlets, through the said imbanked Lands of John Parteriche, or John Pike,

i.ands, while El'quires; or to erect any Work or Engine thereupon, for so long Time as the Owners or Occupiers of they shall be those Lands shall keep and maintain their respective Banks aforesaid.

kept imbanked.

XII. Provided always, That no Tax shall be assessed, rated or charged upon the bordering or other H, o1'lands Highlands, part cularly described in the Schedule to this act annexed; but all such Lands shall be for exemp e. ever exempted from all Taxes to be assessed, rated or charged, by virtue of this act.

Disputeconcern

XIII. And whereas in the said Schedule all Lands may not be included that ought to be exempted the dc e'm'is) rom Dch Taxes; be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise concerning any of such Lands naby View of (not mentioned in the said Schedule) being to be deemed or not deemed Highlands, the same shall be Commissioners. determined, upon View, by thirteen or more of the said Commissioners.

XIV. And whereas there is a certain tract of Fen Land lying within the Township of Ely, Parcel of the within described District, containing by Estimation three hundred and ten Acres, or thete about, which is called The Poors Lands, and made use of only by the poor Inhabitants of the Pa

of Trinity and Saint mary's in Ely, for the Purposes of Fuel, who dig their Winters Firing therein, and have so done for near one hundred Years last past: And whereas the charging the said Lands with such Tax, as is herein imposed on other. Lands comprised within the dillrict, are hereby taxed with, would be taxing them more than they are able to pay, prevent them from the

kioiety only^of ' Enjoyment of so necefla.y a Relief, and tend to the Misery of many industrious poor familiesit laid cn^thee hereby further enacted, That the Commissioners under this Act shall never lay or impose more than Poors Lands, half the Tax on the said Lands, which they lay or impose on other Lands within the District.

XV. And whereas diverse Persons have been at the Expense of imbanking several Lands within the Limits aforesaid, and erecting Mills for draining the same; Therefore in Consideration or such Persons havine: Expense; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if all or any of the Persons having such o^theiviands an£j Mills, shall at the first or second Meeting of tyre Commissioners for putting this Act in

surrendering the Execution, surrender up and refion to the said Commissioners, all such Mill or Mills as to them respectsame, exempted tively belong, to be taken down and disposed of by the said Commissioners, towards carrying on the for five yearsx f draining the said Fen Lands, bounded and described as aforesaid, any such Person or Persons so

delivering up their Mill or Mills, shall be freed and discharged from any Taxes to be imposed upon the Lands so imbanked and milled by virtue of this Act, for the first five Years after the same takes Place; Lowlands in and also that certain Lowlands in Pymoor, belonging to 'William Cole Esquire, containing one hundred eryvdterf1* for "the ant' fourteen Acres, or thereabouts (which have been dug out into Turf) shall be exempted from such said Term. Taxes as aforesaid, during the said Term of five Years.

XVI. And to the End that a sufficient Sum of Money may be speedily raised for the Purposes of this Taxes assignable Act; be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall have boiro ve? C k sower anfl Authority, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to assign over the said yearly Rates and Taxes hereby chargeable, or to be charged upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, so described as aforesaid, and every or any Part thereof (the Coils and Charges of such assignment to be paid out of the said Tax) as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money by them to be borrowed for the Purpose aforesaid, to such Person or Persons, or their Trustees, as shall advance or lend the Application of same, to secure the Repayment thereof, with Interest, not exceeding legal Interest; which said Money so the Money. borrowed, shall be applied, in the first Place, to pay and discharge the Expenses of obtaining this Act of Parliament, and then shall be applied and disposed of in makng such Cuts, Drains, Dams, Tunnels and Outlets, and erecting such Works and Engines, as shall be necessary for draining and improving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds before mentioned, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

Taxes to be lc

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, so rated and taxed as aforesaid, vied in Default shall refuse or neglect to pay the Rate or Tax charged upon him, her or them respectively, within iot Payment. the Space of twenty-one Days after the respective Times of Payment, to be appointed by the said Commissioners (public Notice thereof being affixed upon the Market Cross at Ely, by the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for the Time being) it shall be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or for any other Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept, under the Hands and Seals of five or more of the Commissioners (which said Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby Empowered and required, from Time to Time, to make, as Occasion shall require) to levy the Sum or Sums so afiefled and rated upon any Goods and Chattels which shall be found upon all or any of the Grounds and Pretniiles so charged with any such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Goods and Chattels so diiltained to keep by the Space of five Days, at the Costs ani Charges of the Owner or Owners thereof; and if the said Owner or Owners shall iot, within the said Syiaee of live Days, pay the Sutn or Sums so afiefled or rated, tint then the Goods and Chattels so distrained shall be appraised by two or more of the Inhabitants of the Parish where the same shall be taken, or by other sufficient Persons, and shall be sold by the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for Payment of the said Money, and the Overplus (if any be) coming Tax to be paid by such Sale (after the Sum or Sums so rated and assessed, and the Charges of taking, keeping and soiling by the Tenants, the said Distress, are deducted) shall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof, upon Demand; out rf thdrd anc several and respective Tenants of all and singular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, forent. 4 bounded

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo norm Georgii II.

C 22. 677

bounded and described as aforesaid, which shall be assessed or rated by virtue of this Art, are hereby required and authorised to pay such Sum and Sums of Money, as shall be so assessed, rated and charged upon such Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and to dedurt out of the Rent so much of the said Assessment or Rate, as the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, or the Tenant or Tenants in respect thereof, shall be assessed or rated at; and the Landlords, both mediate and immediate, according to their respective interests, are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Payment, upon Receipt of the Residue of their Rent; and every Tenant paying such Assessment or Rate, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as the said Assessment or Rate shall amount unto, as if the same had been artually paid to the Person or Persons entitled to the Rent of such Lands and Grounds, except where there is a Lease of three or more Years to come, from the Commencement of this act; in which Case the Proportion of the Afin case of assessmentor Rate, which the Tenant ought to bear and pay, in Consideration of the Benefit he receives ^eaae> jtepra0nt by such Lease, shall be adjusted and awarded by thirteen or more of the Commissioners for putting this portion'!'

Art in Execution.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in case any of the said Fen Lands or Lands unoccu low Grounds shall at any Time hereafter be untenacted or unoccupied, so that no sufficient Distress a'ltcurit^for* can be found whereon to levy the said Rates and Taxes, then the Lands and Grounds charged with Paynrent of the the said Rates and Taxes, shall always remain a Security for Payment thereof; and all Goods and Tax.

Chattels which dial] at any Time thenafter be found upon such Lands cr Grounds, shall and may be distrained, kept, appraiied and sold, in Manner aforesaid, until all Arrears of the said Rates and Taxes and the Charges of such Distress shall be fully paid and satisfied.

banked Lands called The Administrators and Alii;

Banks

Mill or Engine on each in

Parts of the said Fen Lands comprised within, the District intended

ryth, lying under Downkam Park, and for their respective Heirs, Executors, ns, at their own proper Charges and Expenses, to maintain and continue such as are now (landing, for the Preservation of the said Lands; and also to maintain and woik one

Traits of Land, for throwing off the Waters towards the Outfall, like Manner as they have heretofore done; and a!so for the Owners and Occupiers of such other .1 j rr. r i. rr. 1. 1 .1 to be drained by this Art, as are

Arable, and produce Winter Crops, or have artually been dug up into Turf, to erert Horse miils, or other small Engines thereon, in order to drain such Lands so as to preserve the said Crops, and to render the Lands so dug up useful, and for no other Purpose whatsoever.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of ar.v of yo

r .1 t '.t 7. II t\ 1 7»7, r. », r, 7 scour Outnngs

O and Dikes, and lay sufficient Tunnels under

one Days Notice given to him, her or them, for that Purpose, by the Collector or Coilertors, Receiver thee °'" r or Receivers, for the Time being, appointed by virtue of this Art, then it shall be lawful for such owners.neg collector or Coilertors, Receiver or Receivers, to cause such Dike to be roded, scoured and cleansed, in lefling so to do. a sufficient Manner; and where there is not a sufficient 'Funnel under such Ways, to cause those Ways to be taken up, and made so wide and deep as the Dike ought to be; and by Warrant or Precept under c1'?rges to the Hands and Seals of thirteen or more of the said Commissioners (which Warrant or Precept such owntr^oro; .! Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from Time to cupiers.

Time, to make, as Occasion shall require) to levy the Charge thereof upon the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her or their Goods and Chattels, upon the Ground and Fremiffes to which such Dike or Dikes, Way or Ways, doth or do, or shall respectively belong (over and above the other Rates and Taxes chargeable or to be charged upon the Ground and Premises by virtue of this Art.) rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers respectively, when demanded, after all Charges paid.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Tunnel or Regulations Tunnels shall be laid for taking Water out of the River Ouse, or the Hundred Foot River, the Bottom lay'in* ots t: e of such Tunnel or Tunnels, for taking Water out of the Hundred Foot River, shall not at any Time be Tunnels, laid more than three Feet below the Surface or Level of the adjacent Ground; and the bottom of such Tunnel or Tunnels, for taking Water out of the River Ouse, shall not at any Time be laid more than two Feet below the Surface or Level of the adjacent Ground: And if any Person shall lay the Bottom of pen?!ty ?n not 'any such Tunnel lower than three or two Feet respectively, as aforesaid, below the Surface or Level Of conforming, the adjacent Ground, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, he or (lie so offending shall for every such of (tnce, so feit to the Use of the Person giving Information thereof, the Sum of live Pounds for every such Offence, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattles, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Justice before whom he or she shall be convicted as aforesaid.

xxit. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons dial], at any Time or times cutting hereafter, wilfully cr maliciously cut, throw down or destroy any of the Banks, Works or Engines so down^rdenjovl to be made or ererted as aforesaid, or by any ways hinder, obstruct or lay open any of the Cuts, <ng Banks or Drain's or other Works to be made for draining or improving the said Fens or Low Grounds as aforesaid, and shall be thereof convicted upon Oath before two Justices of the Peace for the said Jfie of Eiy, if the Offence shall be committed within the said lile, or before two Justices of the Peace for the' raid County of

otiici Works

673 C 22,

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

of Norfolk, if ihe Offence ihalf be committed in the said County; every such Person so convihed shall

fnrd*(^ frv»rtr'/=* Ssiiiyi rtf r.np 1 n ti A raid pmm/ lc sir i/m/ip/i fttr T jtlrrp nnrl f'v'ilp rtf

in currying on the Works anil Improvements in and upon the said Fens and low Grounds where such Offence is or shall be committed; and for want of such fufncient Distress, such Offender or Offenders

shall by the said Justices be committed to the Common Gaol of the said Isle of Ely, or Couni y of Nor m.d. on Persons folk, for any Time not exceeding twelve Months, at the Discretion of the said Justices: if am burning or de Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously set fire to, burn or otherwise destroy any of the said

i 110)1 Eb* r r, 11 ac 4- rua nt oao/l o r n IV j vli/jviinf ai

gincs,

Accounts to be examined annually by the < oit)millloners upon Oath.

Engines to be erehed as aforesaid, and be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person or Persons shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and liable to '.he like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court, by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall and have hereby Power and Authority to transport such Felons for seven Years, in the like Manner as other Felons are CL hefted to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXIII. And to the End it may appear clearly, what Money has been raised from time to time, by virtue of this Act, and that the Owners and Occupiers of the said Fen Lands and low Grounds may be satisfied that the Money so raised has been duly applied; Be it further enacted, That once in every Year, on one of the Days herein before appointed for the Meeting of the said Commissioners, inspehion shall be had by the said Commissioners, or any thirteen of them, of the Receipts and Disbursements of such Money as shall have been raised by virtue of this Act, to the twenty-fifth Day of March then next preceding; and all Accounts relating to the same, shall be then or within ten Days after, made up and settled by the said Commissioners, or any thirteen of them, then assembled at such their Meeting as aforesaid; which Time the Co Heitor or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the said Rates and Sums of Money to be raised as aforesaid, are hereby required to attend with proper Books of Accounts of their Receipts and Disbursements, and all Vouchers for the same; and upon Consideration and Examination thereof upon Oath to be administered by one of the said Commissioners (which Oath any one of the said Commissioners is hereby impowtered to administer) the said Commissioners, or any

missioners for their Attend ance.

thirteen of them, are hereby empowered to allow and pass the said Accounts, as they shall think fit, or li ich Part or Parts of the same, as they shall see just and reasonabl?; and such Account or Accounts, or Inch Part or Parts of them as shall be so allowed by the said Commissioners, or any thirteen of them, under their Hands, shall be fairly entered in two several Books to be kept for that Purpose, one whereof shall remain with the said Commissioners, and the other in the Parish Church of the Holy Trinity in Ely y and the said Books shall and may be inspehed and perused at any Time, at reasonable Hours, by any Person or Persons requiring the same (being an Owner or Owners of any of the said Fen Lands and low Grounds) without Fee or any other Reward.

xfv. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That towards defraying the Expences of said Commissioners, upon Account of their Attendance at any of the Meetings, to be he'd as aforesaid,

for putting this Act in Execution, the Sum of one Shilling, and no more, shall be paid by the Collector or Receiver of the said Rates and Taxes, to each of the said Commissioners present at any such Meeting, and shall be allowed in the Accounts of such collehor or Receiver, as so much Money paid for the Purposes of this Act, so that the whole Expense, at any one Meeting, shall not exceed the Sunt of twenty Shillings; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Clause to save

XXV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act, or anything herein contained,

'dovfcl'1 u°el*16 not extend or be construed to extend, to empower the said Commissioners appointed for putting

Corporation' this Act in Execution, to have, use or exercise any Power or authority over, or to intermeddle with any of the Banks, Sewers, Drains or Works already made, or hereafter to be made by the Governor, Bailjtfs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called bed forn Level, by virtue of an Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, "entitled, An ltd for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens, coiled Bedford Level, or by virtue of any other AH or Statute whatsoever, or to invalidate, lessen, diminish, alter or take away any of the Rights, Powers and Authorities, vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, but that all Rights, Powers and Authorities whatsoever, which by virtue of the said Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or any other AH or Statute whatsoever, now are vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue and be in the said Governor, bailiff's and Commonalty, and in the said Governor,

Bailiffs and Conservators, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if

this Act had never been made.

XXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, shall keep and maintain the South Bank of the Hundred Foot River, and the West Bank of the River Ouse, in like Alantter as they have hitherto done.

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Finer Small Esquire, his Heirs or Assigns, being Owner or Owners of the imbanked Grounds, late of Edmund Shipicith esquire, before exempted, shall not at any Time hereafter run off the Waters from the said imbanked Grounds, through Tunnels or other wise, into the Lands intended to be drained by virtue of this Act, but shall keep and Viner small!rfr); n151nta 111 (he tfabks round tyre said Grounds of the same Height and Strength they row are.

Drains or Grim

XXVIII. Provided always, That noth ng in th s AH contained shall extend, or be construed to ex hto the l1-"11" io deprive the owne.s and Piopiieturs of Lands and Commons lying in Grimly Fen, of the Drains jrirtok?, 0' drey

Corporation to maintain the Souili Bank of the Hundred Foot River, and Wtft Bank of the Ouse. Provisoconcern ing the imbanked Grounds of

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

G. 22.

6 7 q

they have hitherto had and enjoyed, and Hill do enjoy, for running off the Waters of the said Fen, through Grunty Fen Drain, towards the Outfall.

XXIX. And whereas by the said Act of the fifteenth Year of King Charles the Second, it was, ijcar.a. 0.17.

among! other Things, enacted, That the Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators of the Great Level,

should have Power to lay Taxes upon the ninety five thousand Acres of Land (allotted as a Recompence for the Draining of the said Great Level) for the Suppott, Maintenance and Preservation of the said Great Level, and to levy the same with Penalties for nonpayment; and that the said Governor, Bai ' liffs and Conservators, should have Power to sell so much, or such Parts and Proportions of the said ninety five thousand Acres, upon which any axe Should be in Arrear, or Penalties, in fuclf Proportions as the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, should judge to be sufficient to raise such Taxes and Penalties: And whereas several Parcels of the said ninety five thousand Acres of Land, lying within the State of the in said Distriift, bounded and described as aforesaid, were at diffeient Times put up to Sale, in pursuance V '!ci!nir'[11rdl';

and according to the Directions of the said Act of the fifteenth of King Charles the Second, and of f ua^bclorjing another Act made in the twentieth Year of the said King, intituled, An Act for the Taxing and assessing to the Corpora of the Lands of the Adventurers within the Great Level of the Fens, in order to raise the '1 axes ani Pe tion nalties in Arrear, for and in respect of the said Lands; but the same not being thought worth the Taxes 2ocar>1* C s 4 and Penalties due thereon, such Lands could not be sold so as to raise such Penalties and Taxes; and the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, having directed their Officers, from Time to Time, to bid for such Lancs as could not be sold for the Amount of the Taxes and Penalties respectively due thereon, they the said Officers became the Purchasers of such Lands, and have either conveyed the same to the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, or declared such Purchases to have been made in Truk for the said Corporation; and the Lands so purchased have ever since such Purchases respectively made

thereof remained vested in the said Corporation, and been called Invejhd Lands, and have been an

rated and assessed to the Taxes laid upon the said ninety five thousand Acres, according to their respective Proportions, in putfuanee of the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth of King Charles the Second; but such Taxes not having been raised or paid, the said Corporation have, from Time to Time, let such invested Lands, or such Parts thereof as they could find Tenants for, at such Rents as

could be procured for the same; but tyre Profits arising from the Lands so let have been very small

ineoniiderable, and much less than the Taxes with which such Lands have been afiefled: And whereas the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, apprehending it would be for the Benefit of the Recital of A ' said Corporation, that such invested Lands should be sold, discharged of the Arrears of Taxes winch ^irr'^rob'm7'* ' had been assessed thereon, but subjeif! and liable in like Manner as Hie rest of the said ninety five thou Morrisand the sand Acres, to the Taxes to be afiefled for the future, by virtue of the said Acts of the fifteenth and Dukeo1 Bedford twentieth of King Charles the Second, did cause five hundred and sixty eight Acres of the said in safe of the in f 4 veiled Lands, lying within the District herein before described, to be put up to publ.ck Sale; and vetted Land'"

Matthew Robinson Morris Esquire, being the best Bidder for the same, at the Sum of one hundred Pounds, the said Corporation thereupon agreed with the said Matthau Robinson Morris for the Sale of the said five hundred and sixty eight Acres, for the said Sum of one hundred Pounds, discharged of the Arrears of Taxes which had been charged thereon before the first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and subject to future Taxes; and the most Noble John Duke of Bedford,

Sir Thomas Drury Baronet, Matthew ivildborc and '1 hotnas Waddington Esquires, having delivered Pro pofals to the said Corporation for the Purchase of one thousand seven hundred Acres, and twenty Perches of the said invested Lands (being the Residue of the said invested Lands lying within the said District)

at the Price of one thousand Pounds, and such Proposals having been published in the public News Papers, and Notice having been thereby given, that the said Corporation were ready to treat with any Persons who should be willing to give more than the said Sum of one thousand Pounds for the said Lands, and no Person having offered so much as the said Sum of one thousand Pounds for the same,

the said Corporation did agree with the fa'.d John Duke of Bedford, Sir Thomas Drury, Matthew jf tld bore and Thomas Waddington, fr the Sale of the said one thousand seven hundred Acres, and twenty Perches of invested Lands, at the said Price of one thousand Pounds, discharged of all Arrears of Taxes,

which at any Time before the conveying of such Lands shall have been charged thereon, and subject to e futire Taxes: And whereas it will be for the Benefit of the said Corporation, that the said Governor, Corporation ins Bailiffs and Commonalty, Should be empowered to left the said invested Lands, discharged of the ar powtreej!at°)'0'!" 4 tears of Tares, aceoiding to the Agreements entered into as aforesaid Be it therefore turther enacted, d!icharg«i of That it shall be lawful for the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or any seven or more of them, Arrears of whereof the said Governor or Bailiffs, or any of them, to be two, to giant or convey, tinder the Seal of the said Corporation, the said five hundred and sixty e ght Acres of invested Lands, to the said Mat ments,* them Robinson Morris, and the said one thousand seven hundred Acres, and twenty Perches of invested Lands, to the said John Duke of Bedford, Sir Thomas Drury, Matthew fvddbore and Thomas Waddington, freed and discharged of and from the Taxes which have been rated or afiefled upon the said inverted Lands, by virtue of the said Act of the fifteenth of King Charles the Second, or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Being, relating to the said G: eat Level, according to the before recited Agreements made by the said Corporation with the said Matthew Robinson Morris, and the said John Duke of Bedford, Sir Thomas Drury, Matthew (Vildlcre and Thoma Waddington; and such Grants and Conveyances so made shall be good and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Lands had been sold at the shire house in Lly, for Non payment ot Taxts, pursuani to the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth of King Charles the Second, before the said Lands' became invested.

680

I ut not to dif charpe them from future Taxes j

One Third of the Expences this Aiil to be paid by them.

imitation of Actions.

General litue.

[Public Act.]

Treble Costs.

C. 22. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

XXX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to empower the said Corporation to discharge the said inverted Lands, or any Part thereof, from any Rates or Taxes, which the same flrall hereafter be liable to be rated or affelled with, by virtue of the said Add of the fifteenth of King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever, but that the said inverted Lands shall be liable to be rated and assessed in the same Manner as they were before the making of this Act; anything herein before contained to the contrary not with rtanding,

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Governor, Bailiffs and conserva tors shall, out of the abovementioned Sums of one hundred and one thousand Pounds, for which the said imefted Lands are hereby directed to be sold, pay one third Part of the Expenses of obtaining this Act.

XXXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Action, Suit or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for anything done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Month's next after the Fact committed, and Ural] be laid or brought in the Court of Pleas of the said isle of e!j, or in the Counties of Cambridge or Norfolk, and not elsewhere; the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit flrah and may plead the General Issue, and if in Replevin, may jurtify and avow by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do; and give this Act and the Special Matter in irvidenee, without specially pleading the same, otherwise than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the! alleged to have been done, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing tyre same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or avowantsj or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear prc fecution, or discontinue his, her or their Suit or Suits; or if any Verdict shall pals against him, her or them, upon a Demurrer or otherwise, then in any of the said Cases, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover treble Costs, for which he, she or they shall have like Remedy as where Costs by Law are awarded.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed to be a public Act; and all Judges, Justices and other Persons are hereby required to take Notice thereof as Inch, without specially pleading the same.

The Schedule to which the annexed Act refers; being a Lif of such bordering, and other Highlands, as are to be exempted from the Taxes to be afefed, rated or charged in pursuance of the said Act.

M E P A L L

AL L the Widdons, except four Acres, Part of the Adventure Land taken out of the same, belonging to Daniel Dickins.

W I C H A M.

The Widdons, formerly called Jeggam Hall Grounds.

In the Cowcrofts.

Three Acres of Richard Papworth.

Five Acres of John Hazlum.

Five Acres in the Occupation of William sab berton.

One Acre of John Winter.

One Acre, Part of four Acres, of Edward hem mings.

In the Hale Fens.

Thomas johnson's Lot, and all the Lots between that and Wolbey Mills, except a Part of four Lots, one belonging to William Nix, two to Lord Wentworth and Mistress King, and one to Anthony Gregory.

WOLBEY HILLS.

Thirty Acres, Part of forty Acres, of Mistress King.

Fifty Acres of John Lcaford.

Ten Acres of John Cole.

Five Acres, Part of ten Acres, of Master east's Heirs.

Two Acres, Part of nine Acres, of William Mnf

grave.

COVENEY.

All the Hale Fens South of Wardey Hill, from a Lot of Jeremiah Minkin, to a Lot of George Clay inclusive.

Two Acres and an Half, Part of six Acres, of headley's Heirs.

Two Acres, Part of six Acres, of headley's Heirs.

Four Acres, Part of six Acres, of James Creek, called sanrpfon's Lot.

In the New Drove Grounds.

Six Acres of William Kiirg, Clerk.

Four Acres, Part of six Acres, of Charles Cole, Clerk.

One Acre and an Half, Part of six Acres, of Thomas Neale, Clerk.

Four Acres, Part of six Acres, of Edward Merry. Six Acres of William Cole, Esquire.

Seventeen Acres, Part of twenty seven Acres, of Mistress Swan.

Three Acres, Part of six Acres, of,

Bidweil Nix.

Six Acres, late of Isaac Woolafton, Vin Sedge Fen. Esquire.

Six Acres of Mary Merrick, Widow.

Ten

Ten Acres, Part of forty Acres, of Matthew ro binfon, Esquire, abutting upon Westfield.

In the New Dams.

Eight Acres, Part of thirty Acres, of Lord towns end's, abutting upon ditto.

Two Acres, Part of nine Acres, of Coveney Feoffees.

Three Acres, Part of nine Acres, of George Clay, called cocks's Dam.

Two Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Thomas Neale, Clerk, called The Spots.

Four Acres, Part of fourteen Acres, of Lord Townsend.

Three Acres, Part of ten Acres, of Margaret Clay.

Four Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of Mistress Swan, called The Long Daim

At Way Head.

Four Acres, Part of nine Acres, of Margaret Clay.

Three Acres and an Half, Part of seven Acres, of^Charles Cole, Clerk.

Five Acres, Part of seven Acres, of Elizabeth Barton.

Seven Acres of Frances South.

twenty-one Acres of George Clay, in three Lots. Twelve Acres of Elizabeth Barton.

Six Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of Thomas Nix.

One Acre, Part of seven Acres, of John Feast.

Three Acres, Part of seven Acres, of George the Son of Margaret Clay.

Ten Acres and an Half of George Clay, being a Lot and a Half.

Four Acres of Bidwell Nix,

Seven Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of George Clay.

In the Great Dams.

Four aeresj Part of nine Acres, of Mistress Swan. Eleven Acres, 'Part of fifty six Acres, of Matthew Robinson, Esquire -

Acres, Part of eighteen Acres, of George Clay.

Five Acres, Part of twenty-four Acres, late of Isaac Woolaftone, Esquire.

Four Acres, Part of nine Acres, of George Clay, late Matthews.

Four Acres and an Half, Part of nine Acres, of George Clay, late childs's.

Four Acres and an Half, Part of nine Acres, of Robert Morling.

Five Acres, Part of eighteen Acres, of Master Hazlum.

Three Acres, Part of six Acres, of George Clay. Eight Acres, Part of eighteen Acres, of Aungier Peacock, Esquire.

Six Acres, Part of thirty Acres, of William Mayer. Four Acres, Part of nine Acres, of Robert Feast.

In the Blofckmores.

All the Biockmores North of Wardey Hill, from the Gravel to a Blockmore of Abraham Biggs, late knight's, including the same.

Four Acres and an Half, Part of seven Acres, of Abraham Biggs, being three Biockmores, late painter's.

One Acre and a Half, Part of two Acres, of Margaret Clay.

Vol. VII

Six Acres, Part of eight Acres, of William sanx ter, being two Biockmores.

Four Acres of William Knight.

Four Acres of William Cole, Esquire.

Six Acres of Margaret Clay.

Two Acres of Abraham Biggs, being a Lockfpit at the Bottom thereof.

Five Acres, Part of eight Acres, of Amy Barrs.

One Acre of John Pennington.

One Acre of George Clay.

One Acre of Thomas Nix.

Two Acres, Part of three Acres, of Aungier Peacock, Esquire.

In the Pingles.

Ten Acres, Part of twenty Acres, belonging to Pembroke Hall.

Four Acres, Part of ten Acres, of George Clay.

Three Acres, Part of six Acres, of Charles Clay, called gunton's Pingle.

Six Acres of George Clay, called The Home Pingle.

All the Highland, Closes and Yards at Coveney and Wardey Hill.

In Ely Byal Fen.

Five Acres, Part of fifteen Acres, ! in two Dolvers, of Robert Mor j ling. t by Wardey

Two Acres and an Half, Part off Hill Gravel, ten Acres, in two Dolvers, of

Edward Hemmings. J

Four Acres, Part of five Acres, of John Winter, called kirby's Ground.,

Four Acres, Part of five Acres, in a Lot of John' Knowles.

Five Acres, a Lot of Mistress Sabberton.

Five Acres, a Lot of Master Mayer.

Three Acres, Part of five Acres, in a Lot of Master Mayfer.

All the Old Fens in Witcham and Wentworth.

In WENTWORTH Sedge Fen.

Two Acres and an Half, Part of eight Acres, of Master Twelves.'

An Hill, called Plain Hill, containing about eight Acres.

WICHFORD.

Half an Acre in each small Lot in Sedgefield Pooles.

Six Acres of William Cole, Esquire, ih Pymore.

ELY.

All the Grounds called Alderforth, in Welt Fen Side, abutting on Beald Drove.

One Acre and an Half, Part of three Acres, of John Prior.

Three Acres, Part of six Acres, of Edward Cropley.

Three Acres, Part of six Acres, of Charles Cole, Clerk.

Three Acres, Part of six Acres, of William Cole, Clerk.

Eleven Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Lady Parsons.

All the Lands between Beald Drove and Ely Field.

AH Beald Farm (except three Acres, and thirty

Acres of Adventure Land in Pymore, used therewith.)

S Eighteen

682

C 22. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

Eighteen Acres of William.cole, Esquire, in four Pieces, late Trowell's and beeiley's, 'abutting on Ely Field.

Sixteen Acres of John Bringhurst, Clerk, in two Dolvers, abutting on ditto.

All the Lots above Long Drove, from Gall Drove to wellfen Drove.

Eight Acres, Part of twelve Acres, -.

abutting against Long Drove.

of Mistress Ralph Six Acres of George Tookie,

Six Acres of Thomas Day.

Six Acres of John Bringhurst, Clerk,

Thirty Acres of Thomas Watkins, Clerk, called Flowers Hill.

Fourteen Acres, Part of thirty"

Acres, of Elizabeth Gee.

Six Acres of Henry Kempton.

Eight Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Thomas Watkins, Clerk.

Four Acres, Part of six Acres, of Thomas Pool.

Eight Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of William Aungier.

Fifteen ACRES. Part of twenty fouracres.

Twenty

oneacres, am's Pieces.

Part of twenty fouracres.

of Mistress Towers, called Baal, anti's Pieces.

butting on West Fen Drove.

DOWNHAM.

All the Land called the Hurst and the Holts (except fourteen Acres of Morley Unwiri, Clerk, called the Pooles.

In West Fen Side.

Four Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Philip caw thorn.

Four Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Joseph Denfton.

Two Acres, Part of four Acres, of Philip Sibley.

Two Acres, Part of four Acres, of Matthew hal lock.

Two Acres, Part of four Acres, of Joseph Denfton.

Sixteen Acres, Part of sixty Acres, of Robert Cole, in several Pieces.

Two Acres of Philip Hopkin.

Two Acres of Christopher Green.

Two Acres of Francis Moxon.

Four Acres of Matthew Cross.

Two Acres of Joseph Denfton.

Seven Acres, Part of fifteen Acres, of John Yarrow, in two Pieces.

One Acre, one Part of two Acres, of Christopher Green.

Six Acres, Part of fifteen Acres, of Downham

F'eoffecs.

One Acre, Part of two Acres, of William Eagle.

Two Acres, Part of four Acres, of Mistress Gordon.

Two Acres, Part of four Acres, of Robert Rayner.

One Acre, Part of three Acres, of William Eagle.

One Acre, Part of two Acres, of John Bays.

One Acre, Part of two Acres, of Frances South.

Six Airs, Part of twelve Acres, of Joseph Den jfton, six Pieces.

Four Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Thomas Brown.

Three Acres, Part of eight Acres, of Francis Moxon.

Two Acres, Part of six Acres, of Richard Moxon.

One acre, Part of two Acres, of William Eagle.

One acre, Part of two Acres of Henry wad delow.

Two Acres and three Roods of Richard Moxonr called Cop Hall.

In the Land Floods.

Two Acres at the Hithe of Mary Smith, senior.

Two Acres of Frances South.

Two Acres and an Half, called'a Holt and a Yard, at the Hithq of Joseph Denfton.

Eleven Acres, part of seventeen Acres, of Frances South.

One Acre, Part of two Acres, of John Bays.

Two Acres, Part of four Acres, of Francis

Moxon. j

One Acre, Part of two Acres, of John Leaford.,

Two Acres of Joseph Denfton.

Four acres of Richard Moxon.

Two Acres of Francis Tingey.

All; 'the Land floods from Westmore Bridge to the Park by Westmore Bridge. 1 Five Acres, Part of six Acres, of Richard Hopkin, junior.

Three Acres, Part of six Acres, of William Merry.

Two Acres, Part of ten Acres, of, Richard Hopkin, senior -

North Fen Side.

Four Acres, Part of eight Acres, of Thomas Jones, Clerk, at the Bottom of Lone Lane;

One Acre, Part of two Acres, of John Churk, at ditto.

One Acre, Part of two Acres, of Isaac Afpland.

Five Acres, Part of eight Acres, of William Cole, Esquire, of cabbage hole.

Seven Acres of John Ellington, in ditto.

Two Acres, Part of twelve Acres, 1 of Elizabeth Ellington, next Beald Drove,

Two Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Henry Hull, next Beald Drove,

One Acre, Part of two Acres, of Sarah Bringhurst.

One Acre, Part of two Acres, of Mary Smith, junior.

Three Acres, Part of six Acres, of John Hitch.

One Acre, Part of two Acres, of William Cole, Esquire.

One

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

C 22.

68

111',

vr.

One Acre, Part of two Acres, of!

Richard Hopkinr Three Acres, Part of six Acres, of

John Ellington. j

Five Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of John Flanders. I, r

One Acres, Part of two Acres, of J^'

Downham Feoffees.

Two Acre, Part of four Acres, of Francis Tingey.

Two Acres, Part of four Acres, of Henry Morley, Esquire. J

All the Lots, called Marshall End, in Downham and Ely.

Twelve Acres; Part of seventy eight Acres, of Richard Holditch, Esquire, under Chetimam Wood.

PYMORE.

V Twelve Acres of Anthony South.

Twelve Acres of William har y rifon.

Twelve Acres of Morley Unwin, Clerk.

Twelve Acres of John Leaford. All these North twelve Acres of Joseph Den East of Pymore' fton. Drove."

Twelve Acres of John Chitrk.

Six Acres of Margaret South.

Four Acres, Part of six Acres, of John Leaford.

Twelve Acres of William Lang" man.

Four Acres of Margaret South'.

Four Acres of William Lang; iasm.j r 1 '> - I

Sixteen Acres' of Sarah bfing hurst.

Twelve Acres of, Francis Skinner. " 4 - -1

Four Acres of Margaret South.

Twenty Acres of John Leaford.'

Twelve. Acres of john Leaford.

Eighr Acres, part of twelve a cres, of john Ledford.

Two Acres, Part Of six Acres, of Richard Nicholas.

Four Acres, Part ofttx Acres, of Jolffi Churk. j Eight Acres, Part 'df twelve A 1'cr'es, of Thoufas johes/clerkl Eight Acres, Part of twelve Acres of Richard Holditch, e squire.

Five Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Margaret South.

Two Acres, Past of twelve Acres, of Frances South.

One( Acre, parfof four Acres, of Margaret South'." " j:

Twelve, Acres of John Leaford. twelve Acres of Frances South.

Twelve Acres of John Yarrow;

Six Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Frances South';

Twelve Acres of Robert Rayner.

Three Acres, 'Part of fife^acres, of eljzabeth Ellington,

Sight Acres', Part 'bfifev enteeri Acres, of John Leaford, in twro Lot's.'

All these sout^i y Well of Pymore Drove:

nv: K svi wt J haolbat/

In Straight Suri long

Parts of the Fifties.

Four Acres of William Langi man.

twenty-five Acres,

late Saint john's, seventeenacres, late Of Mailer Drureys, John Lea

Sixteen Acres, out of ford seventeen Acres, late Saint john's.

Five Acres, out of seventeen a cres, of Lord Saint john's. Three Acres, out of seventeen Acres, of Francis Tingey.

In a Place called Dunkirk.

Two Acres, Part of twelve Acres, ofjohncaw thorne's Heirs.

Nine Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Richard Hopkin.

Three Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Isaac Afpland.

Twelve Acres of William Cole, junior.

Two Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of John Flanders, at Frith Head.

In the Ely North Fen Side.

Six Acres, Part of nine Acres, 'in three Lots, of Henry Morley, Esquire.'

One Acre and an Half, Part of three Acres, one Lot, belonging! to Saint peter's College,

Cambridge. Three Acres, Part of six Acres', in two Lots, of Henry Morley, ' Esquire

Acre and.an Half, Part of three Acres, one Lot, of James. Harkness, Esquire.

Nine acres, Part of eighteen Acres, in six Lots, of Henry - Morley, ' Esquire.

Eight Acres, Part of twelve A fcres, in four Lots, off Henry. Morley, Esquire.

Twelve Acres, Part of twenty-five, Acres and an Half, in eight Lots and an Half, of Henry Morley, esqitfre?, K 1 One Acre, Part of three Acres, one lot, of hdnr'y Morley,

Esquire.

One Acre, Part of three Acres, one Lot, of James Harkness, Esquire;

three.acres, one Lot, or Henry Morley esquire, j called

Gull Piece.

null. ..- V (-; lono j lo: V S. tv',

LITTLEPORT

In North Feri Side, under littldporffield, commonly called wood Fen.

Nine Acres of Elizabeth Meader.

'Fhree Acres; Part of four Acres, one > Lotos

Henry Mayner.

Four Acres, Part of eight Acre's, 'two Lots, of 'mattfipwfsclirchin.*- -'r Two Acres, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Mailer Middleditch.

S 2 Two

Under wood house Farm.

'abutting on the Road to littleport.

Two Acres, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of William Gary, Esquire, his Heirs.

Four Acres, Part of eight Acres, two Lots of Lathbury, Clerk.

One Acre and an Half, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of William Easy.

One Acre and an Half, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Robert Mayes.

Two Acres, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of John Barret Rayner.

Five Acres, Part of eight Acres, two Lots, of lit tleport Feoffees.

One Acre, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of John Cuttlack.

One Acre and an Half, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of James Clarke.

One Acre, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Tohn Kennell.

One Acre, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of John Partheriche, Esquire.

One Acre, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of James Clarke.

One Acre, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Philip Gotobed.

One Acre and an Half, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of ditto.

Two Acres, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of John Creek, late blow's.

Eight Acres, being two Lots, of Thomas Gillett. One Acre and an Half, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Papworth Crab.

One Acre and an Half, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Lathbury, Clerk.

Eight Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, four Lots, of John Mayes.

Four Acres, Part of eight Acres, two Lots, of William Porter.

Six Acres, Part of eight Acres, two Lots, of Daniel Clarke. t

Six Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, four Lots, of James Clarke.

One Acre and an Half, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Isaac Harle.

One Acre and an Half, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Master John Drage.

Seven Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, four Lots, of ditto.,

Five Acres, Part of eight Acres, two Lots, of ditto. Two Acres, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Christopher Gillett.

One Acre, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Henry Waddelow.

One Acre, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Anne Braffett.

One Acre, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Henry Waddelow.

One Acre, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Widow Webb.

One Acre, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of William Burridge.

Three Acres and an Half, Part of eight Acres, two Lots, of William cuttlack's Heirs.

Four Acres and an Half, Part of eight Acres, two Lots, of John Partheriche, Esquire.

Acres and an Half, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Thomas Evans, Esquire.

One Acre and an Half, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Thomas Gillett.

One Acre and an Half, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Master John Drage.

Two Acres, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of William Dillimore.

Two Acres, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of John Partheriche, Esquire.

One Acre and an Half, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Thomas James.

One Acre and an Half, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Matthew Wildbore, Esquire.

One Acre and an Half, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Thomas James.

One Acre and an Half, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of William Dillimore.

One Acre, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Matthew Wildbore, Esquire.

One 'Acre and an Half, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Master Thickpenny.

Two Acres, Part ot four Acres, one Lot, of christopher Crabb.

Four Acres, Part of eight Acres, two Lots, of John Partheriche, Esquire.

Two Acres and an Half, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Matthew Wildbore, Esquire.

Six Acres, Part of twelve Acres, three Lots, of Thomas Door.

Three Acres, Part of eight Acres, two Lots, of Master Thomas Tawny.

Six Acres, Part of eight Acres, two Lots, of William Piggott.

Three Acres, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of James Clarke.

Three Acres, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Widow blow's. '; t '

Two Acres and an Half, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Master Thomas Tawny.

Two Acres and an Half, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of William Porter.

Five Acres, Part of eight Acres, two Lots, of William Crabb.

Two Acres and an Half, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of Matthew Eburn.

Two Acres and an Half, Part of four Acres, one Lot, of John Barret Bayner.

Eight Acres, two Lots, of Sir William Brown, by the Knoll.

The Knoll.

In Westmoor, from Grunty Fen Drain by the Knoll Bridge.'

Twelve Acres of John Barber, two Lots, called Wadeload Lots.

The Plains.

Seven Acres, Part of nine Acres, of Papworth Crabb.

Six Acres, Part of nine Acres, of Christopher Crabb.

Six Acres, Part of nine Acres, of meader's Heirs. Four Acres, Part of nine Acres, of William Piggott.)

Two Acres, Part of nine Acres, of Robert Crabb. Two Acres, Part of nine Acres, of Christopher Crabb.

Seven Acres, Part of nine Acres, of Lath

bury. Clerk.

Four Acres, Part of forty-four Acres, of Mistress Do.

Two Acres, Part of nine Acres, of Sir William Brown.

A.D. 1756.

Thirteen Acres, Part of eighteen Acres, of Thomas Evans, Esquire.

Four Acres, Part of nine Acres, of Matthew wild bore, Esquire. Three Acres of Thomas Gotobed.

Six Acres of Matter Skeeles.

Six Acres of Thomas Prior.

Seven Acres of Papworth Crabb.

twenty-one Acres of Matter Thomas Tawny, in two Pieces.

Three Acres of the Widow Waddelow. three Acres of Matter Thomas Tawny.

Five Acres, Part of six Acres, of Papworth Crabb. Two Acres, Part of three Acres, of Glebe Land. Two Acres, Part of three Acres, of William Crabb. Three Acres of William Gary, Esquire, his Heirs. Three Acres of Sarah Robinson,

Three Acres of Widow Gillett.

Six Acres of Christopher Crabb, in two Pieces. Three Acres of Widow Godson.

Six Acres of James Clarke.

Two Acres, Part of three Acres, of John Crabb. Two Acres, Part of three Acres, of John Cuttlack. Four Acres, Part of six Acres, of John Crabb. Three Acres of Painter Meader.

Four Acres, Part of fourteen Acres, of Matthew Wildbore, Esquire.

On the southwest Side of the Croft River. From Blacklake Bridge to the Hundred Feet Bank. Five Acres, Part of six Acres, of Abigail Clarke. Two Acres, Part of six Acres, of Daniel Clarke. Two Acres, Part of six Acres, of Matthew Wildbore, Esquire.

Six Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of John par theriche, Esquire.

One Acre and an Half, Part of six Acres, of Sarah Blowes.

Seven Acres, Part of eighteen Acres, of William Crabb, in three Pieces.

Two Acres, Part of six Acres, of Robert Garner. Four Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Robert Crabb senior

Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Thomas Woodhouse, in two Pieces.

One Acre, Part of twenty Acres, called The Cambridge Croft.

Three Acres, Part of ten Acres, of Thomas Evans, Esquire i

Seven Acres of William Crabb.

Apelh all Farms.

Fifteen Acres of John Parteriche, Esquire.

In Matter evans's Farm.

fortyfive Acres, being the Hill.

Five Acres and an Halt, the Yards.

In Painter meader's Farm.

Nine Acres, called

Three Acres, Part of twenty seven Acres.

Ten Acres, being the Old Hill.

Three Acres, the Yards.

Two Acres, Part of twelve Acres, called The has fock Ground.

Ten Acres, Part of twelve Acres, called 'pent's Croft. I. 1 >.

twenty-five Acres, Part of thirty-five Acres, of Thomas Evans, Esquire. .0., i

C 22. 085

Thirteen Acres, Part of eighteen Acres, of Painter Meader.

One Acre and an Half belonging to ditto.

Ten Acres, Part of twenty-four Acres, of Mary Atkins, in two Pieces.

Four Acres of William Dillimore, the Yards.

Six Acres, Part of seven Acres, of ditto.

Two Acres, Part of twenty Acres, of Thomas Evans, Esquire.

Five Acres, Part of thirteen Acres, of John par theriche, Esquire.

Four Acres, Part of nine Acres, of Robert Sutton.

Four Acres, Part of nine Acres, of John par theriche, Esquire.

One Acre of Matthew Easter, the Yard.

Six Acres, Part of ten Acres, of ditto.

Five Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of Thomas Evans, Esquire.

Eight Acres, Part of forty Acres, of Matthew Easter.

Three Acres, Part of fourteen Acres, of Thomas Evans, Esquire.

One Acre and an Half, Part of three Acres, of John Partheriche, Esquire.

One Acre and an Half, Part of nine Acres, belonging to Welney Feoffees.,

Seven Acres, Part of eleven Acres (being the Home Stall) of Anthony South.

Four Acres of Lord Saint John (the Mustard Seed Yard).

Eleven Acres, Part of thirty-three Acres, of ditto, in three Pieces.

On the Northeast Side of the Croft River.

From the Hundred Feet Bank towards Littleport (the Crofts).

Two Acres, Part of three Acres, of Anthony.

South.

Twelve Acres, Part of eighteen Acres, of Sir William Brown.

Two Acres, Part of three Acres, of Matter east's Heirs.

Six Acres, Part of nine acresj of Thomas Evans, Esquire.

Fourteen Acres, Part of twenty seven Acres, of William Crabb.

Three Acres, Part of six Acres, of Thomas Evans, Esquire.

One Acre and an Half, Part of three Acres, called Bread Bank.

Three Acres, Part of six Acres, of Thomas Evans, Esquire.

Four Acres, Part of nine Acres, of Robert Sutton,

Four Acres of ditto, called the Yards.

Four Acres and an Half, Part of six Acres, of Ifaae Sallis.

Seven Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Hannah.

Taylor.

Ten Acres, Part of eighteen Acres, of Welney Feoffees.

Ten Acres, Part of seventeen Acres, of Thomas evans, Esquire, in four Pieces.

Nine Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of William gary, Esquire, his Heirs.

Three Acres, Part of twenty Acres, of Thomas Evans, Esquire.

Three Acres, Part of twenty Acres, of William gary Esquire, his Heirs.

Two Acres, Part of nine Acres, of Painter Meader.

anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

Four Acres, Part of ten Acres, of William dil limore.

Two Acres and an Half, Part of eleven Acres, of Thomas Evans, Esquire.

Six Acres and an Half, Part of twenty Acres, of William Dillimore, in two Pieces.

Three Acres, Part of six Acres, of Thomas Evans, Esquire.

Ten Acres, Part of eighteen Acres, of Painter Meader.

Three Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of John par theriche, Esquire.

One Acre, Part of six Acres, of Thomas Evans, Esquire.

One Acre and an Half, Part of six Acres, of Mary Atkin.

One Acre and an Half, Part of four Acres, of Thomas Evans, Esquire.

T wo Acres, Part of eight Acres, of William Crabb.

One Acre, Part of six Acres, of Thomas Evans, Esquire.

One Acre and an Half, Part of eight Acres, of William Gary, Esquire, his Heirs.

One Acre, Part of six Acres, of William Crabb.

One Acre, Part of four Acres, of Thomas Clarke.

One Acre and an Half, Part of six Acres, of Mailer John Drage.

One Acre, Part of six Acres, of William Piggott.

One Acre, Part of four Acres, of Thomas Evans, Esquire.

Six Acres, Part of eighteen Acres, of William Gary, Esquire, his Heirs.

Nine Acres, Part of eighteen Acres, of Thomas Evans, Esquire, in two Pieces.

Four Acres and an Half, Part of eight ares, of Thomas Prior.

One Acre of Thomas Evans, Esquire.

Two Acres, Part of three Acres, of ditto.

Six Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of the Widow Brafictt.

One Acre and an.plalf. Part of three Acres, of Thomas Clarke.

Six Acres, Part of nine Acres, of Walton,

Clerk.

Five Acres of ditto.

One Acre, Part of three Acres, of Widow Sindall.

Two Acres, Part of four Acres, of Thomas Clarke.

Two Acres, Part of eight Acres, of Lath

bury, Clerk.

One Acre, Part of two Acres, of Thomas. Prior.

Two Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of John Barrett Rayner.

Two Acies, Part of six Acres, of Thomas Braffett.

Two Acres, Part of eight Acres, of William Gary, Esquire, his Heirs.

One Acre and an Half, Part of seven Acres, of Thomas braltett.

One Acre and an Half, Part of six Acres, of Henry Youngs.

Two Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, Glebe Land,

One Acre, Part of eight Acres, of William will kinson.

Two Acres and an Half, Part of nine acres, of John Cuttlack. i

flour Acres, part of sixteen. Acres, of Henry wad delow.

One Acre and an Half, Part of six Acres, of John Cuttlack.

Two Acres, Part, of sixteen Acres, of Robert Crabb, junior.

In Mow Fen, between Ferry Bridge and the Chair. Two Acres and an Half, Part of six Acres, of Mary Mobbs.

Two Acres, Part of six Acres, of Francis Hide. Two Acres and an Half, Part of six Acres, of John Voyce.

Four Acres, Part of six Acres, of John Barrett Rayner.

Twelve Acres of Painter Meader, two Lots.

Six Acres of Daniel Clarke.

Six Acres of John. Love.

Six Acres of Daniel Clarke.

Four Acres, Part of six Acres, of ditto. three Acres and an Half, Part of six Acres, of Robert Crabb, senior.

SOU THE RY, under the West Bank of the River Ouze.

Half an Acre, Part of twelve Acres, n of Sir Robert Burdett.

One Acre, Part of eighteen Acres, \ of ditto. J

One Acre, Part of twelve Acres, belonging to the Ladyrof Southery (canham's Farm).

One Acre, Part of four Acres, of ditto (Gregory porter's Farm.).

One Acre, Part of four Acres, of Isaac Cockram. One Acre, Part of four Acres, of woodhouse's. Half an Acre, Part of twenty Acres, of Isaac cock ram (ward's.farm); '

)ft. HEL.GAY; '

Six Acres, Part of fifty, two.acres, of Isaac Cockram, in four Pieces (wolley's Yard.): V 1 Two Acres, Part offiaur Acres, of ditto (wolley's Yard).'.- '.'.

Two Acres and an Half, Pact of twenty-five Acres, of Sir Robert Burdett (roper's Farm).

One Acre, Part of ten Acres, of Sir Cecil Wrav, called baker's Hill.

Two Acres and an Half, Part of nine Acres j of Christopher. barkliam, (prior's Farm).

One Acre, Part of eleven Acres (Helgay Feoffees).'.

One Acre, Part of eleven Acres, of William: Galloway.

Four Acres, Part of forty Acres, of Sir Cecil Wray, (harland's). '.. t

Two Acres, Part of one hundred Acres, Helgiy poor's Land..;

Two Acres, Part of thirty Acres, of Christopher Galloway, called tiffany's.

Six Acres, Part of fifty Acres, of Mistress Smith, called doman's.

DENVER.

One Acre, Part of twenty Acres, Glebe Land. Two Acres, Part of five Acres, of Abraham Wardle. v'ry

Seven Acres and an Half, Part of forty-one Acres, of King Whined, in three Pieces (hopkins's Farm).

Five Acres of Lord Saint Jolm; ( langman's Farm)..) na..;

Welnev, by the Hundred Feet Rank.

Eighteen Acres of William Greaves, esquire.(pavt. of flower's.farm), t Six Acres, Part of twenty -- Acres, i called fisher's Croft. CAP.

C 23. 687

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for encouraging the Fisheries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS the extending and improving of the British Fishery is of great Importance to this Commit Tish Kingdom, as it not only adds considerably to the national Wealth, but is moreover a fruitful cry in Scotland 'nursery of able Seamen for the public Service: And whereas the same is greatly obstructed by cer 'fy"7°i3ge!, '*

tain Restrictions, Exactions and Regulations, to which the Fishers and Curers of fish in North bri 'tain are subjsdt, either by Custom or the Laws now in Force: And whereas it further appears that it '. would be very advantageous to Trade in general, as well as to the Fishery, if the said Exactions and Restrictions were taken off, and such new Regulations made, as are more accommodated to tie present Circumstances of both: And whereas by an Act made in the third Session of the sin ft Parliament Act of the of the late Queen Anne, i n Scotland, intituled, An Act for advancing and establjjlnftg' the Fishing Trade third sefp.on of in and about that Kingdom, all her majesty's Subjects of that Kingdom are authorised and empowered nne to take and cure Herring and White Sith, in all and Sundry the Seas, Chanels, Bays, Firths, Lochs, 5)001 an '

Rivers and so forth, of that her majesty's Kingdom and Islands thereto belonging, wherefcever Her ' ring or White Fifit are or can be taken; and for their greater Conveniency, to have the freeufe of all Ports, Harbours, Shores, Forelands and others, for bringing in, pickling, drying, unloading and loading the same, upon Payment of the ordinary Dues where Harbours are built, that is, such as 'are paid for Ships, Boats and other Goods; and discharges all other Exactions, such as one night's ' fishing in the Week, commonly called saturday's Fishing, top money, Stallage, and the like: 'And for the further explaining, enforcing and amending the said Law; May it please your most Excellent majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, hat from and after the twenty-fifth Day of June one Pven to thousand seven hundred and fifty six, all Persons whatsoever, Inhabitants of Great Britain, mall, and buy' from they are hereby declared to have Power and Authority, at all Times and Seasons, when they shall think Fishermen, and proper, freely to take, buy from Fishermen, and cure any Herrings, Cod, Ling or any other Sort of furev, 'lllte fish> White Fish, in all and every Part of the Seas, Chanels, Bays, Firths, Lochs, Rivers or other Wa s'eas'o^rivera inters, where such Fiflt are to be found, on the Coasts of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and Scotland, or of Orkney, Shetland, and all other Islands belonging to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; binds; thereto any Law, Statute or Custom, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: if' any Person or Persons'ns' fons whomsoever shall, after the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, p00u' under any Pretence whatsoever, presume to obstruct or hinder any Person or Persons from Fishing as struair.gthe " aforesaid, in Moonlight Nights, or at any other Time whatsoever, in all or any, or in any Part of the Fishery, or ta said Seas, Chanels, Bays, Firths, Lochs, Rivers or other Waters as aforesaid, or shall demand or re lor uber

ceive any Gratuity or Allowance whatsoever, either in Money, Fish or otherwise, under the Name of ty oif filing night's Fishing, or under any other Name or Pretence whatsoever, from any Fisherman or other Person for the Liberty of Fishing in all or any, or in any Part of the said Seas, Chanels, Bays, Firths, Lochs, Rivers and other Waters, as aforesaid; such Person shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling, to be recovered in Manner herein after directed; Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons The Useyrf employed in the said Fishery, on the Coasts of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or on the said hours' and' Coasts of Orkney, Shetland, or any of the said Islands, shall have and exercise the free Use of all Ports, shore's, allowed Harbours, Shores and Forelands, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in Orkney, Shetland, landing

or any of the said Islands, below the highest High Water Mark, and for the Space of one hundred sta^es'and'"5 Yards on any Waste or uncultivated Land, beyond such Mark, within the Land, for landing their Tents, and Nets, Casks, and other Materials, Utenfds and Stores, and for erecting Tents, Huts and Stages, and curing Fish. for the landing, pickling, curing, drying, and reloading their Fish, without paying any Foreland or other Dues, or any other Sum or Sums of Money, or other Consideration whatsoever, for such Liberty, except as hereafter excepted; any Law, Statute or Custom whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding:

And if any Person or Persons mall presume to demand or receive any Dues, Sums of Money, or other 1001. Penalty Consideration whatsoever, for the Use of any such Ports, Harbours, Shores or Forelands, within ttie on derpanmng Limits aforesaid, so made Use of for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall presume to obstruct the Fishermen Consideration or other Persons employed in the taking, buying, or curing of Fifn in the Use of the same, every Per Money, son so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sutn of one hundred Pounds Sterling, to be recovered and levied in Manner herein after directed.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to exempt the Vessels or Beats Duties jo be employed in the said Fishery, from the Payment of such Harbour or Pier Dues as are and by Law pt^rbour ought to be demanded for Ships, Vessels or Boats, in Piers or Harbours, which are built or artificially or Piers °ur made, but that such Harbour or Pier Dues shall be paid in like Manner as the same were liable to be

paid before the passing of this Act.

IV. And whereas it is found by Experience that the Barrels now used for packing and putting up of White Herrings and Wet White Fish, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, are not of proper thickness be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, the Staves of all Barrels in which such Fish

8', ihatl

St ives of her ring barrels to be Half an Inch thick throughout,

on Penalty of being confifcat ed/.with thefifli.

5 Ann. C 8.

5 Geo. i. C 18.

8 Geo. i. C 16.

Liberty given to import foreign Salt, and to take British Salt,

for curing Fiili toy Exportation, duty free $ cu lloim on Importation excepted,

5 go. i. C 18.

8 Geo. i. C 16.

extended, linger certain re ihiiftions, to Seotlandi

A Duty of i s. per Barrel payable in Scotland on Hevringi entered for Home Consumption.

ami 38. 4 d. per Kami, for Herrings brought into England, and entered there for Home Consumption,

C. 23. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

shall be packed or put up, shall be at least one Half Part of an Inch in thickness throughout, of made Work; and if after the said twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, any Barrel or Barrels containing such Fiflt, shall be found to be of a leis thickness, than one Half Part of an Inch in any Part of the said Barrel, any Officer of Custonrs or Excise, or any Curemaster in Scotland, are hereby authorised and required to seize the same, and upon Proof thereof before any two Justices of the Peace, the Owner or Proprietor of such Fish shall forfeit both Fish and Barrel.

V. And whereas by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, entitled, An act' Act for an Union of the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland; it is enacted, That from and after the C Union, the Laws and Acts of Parliament in Scotland for pining, curing, and packing of Herrings, " ' White Fish and Salmon for Exportation, with foreign Salt only, without any Mixture of British or Irish Salt, be continued in Force in Scotland, subject to such Alterations, as shall be made by a British 6 Parliament; and that for establishing an Equality in Trade, all Fish exported from Scotland to Parts beyond the Seas, which should be cured with foreign Salt only, without any Mixture of British or Irish Salt, should have the same Eases, Premiums and Drawbacks, as were or should be allowed to such Persons as export the like Fish from England, by which enading Clause the Curers of Fish in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, are restrided and debarred from using either British Salt, or

a Mixture of British and foreign Salt, in the curing of any Kind of Fish for Exportation, and have not the Liberty of taking Salt free of Duty from the Salt Works for curing of Fish for Exportation. C which Restriction and Prohibition are found by Experience to be very detrimental to the Fithing Trade of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And whereas by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for recovering the Credit of _ ' the Britishi Fishery in Foreign Parts, and for bet ter securing the Duties on Salt; the Curers of Fish in that Part of Great Britain called England are allowed to ule either Foreign or British Salt, or to mix them in curing of any Kind of Fish, and also to import foreign Salt, and take Salt from the Salt Works without paying any Duty for the same, except the Customs payable on such foreign Salt at the Impor

tation thereof, for curing of Fish for Exportation only: And whereas by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for taking off the Duty upon Salt used in the curing and making of white Herrings; and instead thereof laying a proportionable Duty

upon all if hitc Herrings consumedat Home only, the Curers of White Herrings in that Part of Great Brt ' tain called England were allowed to use such Foreign and British Salt as should be delivered to them duty free for the curing of Fish for Exportation, in the curing of White Herrings for Home Con

upon Payment of a Duty of three Shillings and fourpence for every Barrel of such White Herrings as should be entered for Home Consumption, under certain Regulations and Penalties in the said Act mentioned: And whereas the extending the said Provisions and Regulations in the said Acts made in the fifth and eighth Yeats of the Reign of his said late Majesty, would tend to 'the Encou ragement and Improvement of the Fisheries in Scotland, and to the Benefit and Advantage of the United Kingdom Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to import foreign Salr, and to take British Salt therefrom the Salt Works, without paying any Duty for the same, for curing of Fish for Exportation only; except the Customs payable upon the Importation of such foreign Salt; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to use any such foreign or British Salt as shall be delivered duty free for curing of Fish for Exportation, in the curing of White Herrings for Home Consumption; that the said Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for recovering the Credit of the British Fishery in foreign Parts, and for better securing the Duties on Salt; and also the said Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking off the Duty upon all Salt used in the curing and making of white Herrings; and itijlcad thereof laying a proportionable Duty upon all white Herrings consumed at Home only'; and every Clause, Regulation, Exemption, Penalty, Punishment, Proviso, Rule, Article, Matter and Thing whatsoever in the said Acts contained, so far as relates to the curing of Fish for Exportation with Salt, without Payment of Duty, and likewise to the several Rates or Sums of Money allowed upon the Exportation of Fish from that Part of Great Britain called England, and also to the curing of White Herrings for Home Consumption (except the Imposition of the said Duty of three Shillings and fourpence per Barrel) shall be, and the lame are hereby declared to extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in as full and ample Manner as if the same were repeated and re enacted in this present Act; anything in the said Acts or in any other Act of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every Barrel of White Herrings containing thirty-two Gallons, entered for Home Consumption in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Proprietor of such Herrings shall pay a Duty of one Shilling, and foin Proportion for every Half Barrel; under the Regulations and Penalties prescribed and inflicted in the said last mentioned Act, for the ascertaining, collecting, and recovering the said Duty of three Shillings and fourpence per Barrel.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to carry and bring from any Poit of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to any Port of that Part of Great Britain called England, White Herrings cured with British or foreign Salt, the Persons bringing the said Herrings into England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, paying at the Port to which the same shall be brought three Shillings and fourpence for every Barrel of such White Her

8 rings,

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 23. 689

rings, containing tlnyty two Gallons, which shall be entered there for Home Consumption; foin Proportion for every Half or Quarter Barrel.

VIII. And whereas by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, s Coo. i. C 6.

An Act for reviving the Duties on Salt for the Term therein mentioned; it was enacted, That it should and might be lawful to carry and bring from any Port of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

to any Port of that Part of Great Britain called England., White Herrings cured with Salt made in Scotland, the Person or Persons bringing the said White Herrings into England paying at the Port to

5 which the same should be brought, two Shillings and fourpence for every Barrel, containing thirtj* —

two Gallons, of such White Herrings brought from Scotland, and in Proportion for Half Barrels, under certain Regulations, restriistions and Penalties in the said Act mentioned: And whereas if Liberty

were also granted to bring Salmon, Cod, Ling, Tusk, and other White Fish cured with Salt made in,

Scotland, into any Port of that Part of Great Britain called England, for Home Consumption, the Barrel to be'

same would tend to the Benefit and Advantage of both Parts of the United Kingdom Be it therefore paid tcrsst further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of June one, 1!jjni; p d'.'r'1 thousand seven hundred and fifty six, it shall be lawful to carry and bring, from any Port of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to any Pert of that Part of Great Britain called England, for Home Scotch sait, Consumption, any Salmon, Cod, Ling, Tusk, and other White Fish, cured with Salt made in sees land, for which the Duty hath been there paid or secured, the Person or Persons bringing such Fish in so?°home Cento England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, paying at the Port to which thefumpaon; same shall be brought, two Shillings and fourpence for every Barrel, containing thirty-two gal and for Unions

of such Fish wet; and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity; and one Shilling and Fish i s. i i twopence for every hundred Weight of such Fish dry: and foin Proportion for a greater or lere. weight. Idler Quantity.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to carry or Ash cured in bring, from any Port or Place of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or the Islands thereunto b^jought'i'ncci belonging, to any Port of that Part of Great Britain called England, for re exportation, any Her England for rings, Salmon, Cod, Ling, Tusk, and other White Fish, the Owner of the Fish, or Matter of the re expoitstion, Veiled, making Oath that such Fish was caught in North Britain, or on the Courts thereof, and

cured with Salt delivered duty free from some Part of Great Britain, and when and where the same was so delivered.

X. And be it further enacted_ by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty on^h^expuru fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, all such Herrings, Salmon, Cod, Ling, tion of such Tusk, and any other White Fish, so brought Coastwise from Scotland into England, Dominion of Jk'alis, rah to foreign and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall upon Exportation thereof, c.r any Part thereof, to foreign Parts, be entitled to the same Allowances or Bounties as by the said Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for recovering the Credit of the Bri on conforming tish Ftjkery in foreign Parts; and for better securing the Duties on Salt, are granted on the Exportation oft^5 Geo. ' Fish cured in that Part of Great Britain called England; such Fish being subject to the same Rules and c' l6' Regulations, in order to prevent the relanding or reimporting thereof, and the Owners thereof subject to the same Penalties in case of relanding, or any other fraudulent Proceeding, in order to obtain the said Bounties, as by the said Act are prescribed ai d infiidted, in regard to Fish cured in, and exported from, that Part of Great Britain called England, anything to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Allowance or Bounty granted by this Act, shall be Debenture to be

paid in that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon for tlle

Tweed; but the Chief Officer of the Cuficms, or his Deputy, at the Port or Place from which such

Sith shall be respectively exported, shall upon the Requelb of the Person or Persons exporting the same, and Oath made before the Principal Officers of the said Port, who are hereby empowered to administer the same, of the shipping of the said Fish, and its not being relanded, or intended to be relanded in Great Britain, give a Debenture under his H nd, without Delay, See or Reward, for Payment of and to be na: d the said Allowances or Bounties; which Debenture being produced to the Commissioners of the Cu; scotianll. stoms, or to the Commissioners of the Excise (at the Option of the Exporter or his Assigns) in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall entitle the Exporter of such Fish, or his Assigns, to the Payment of the Bounties granted by this Act, which the said Commissioners are hereby required to pay out of any Money remaining in their Hands, arising by any Branch of his Majesty's Customs or Excise, Regard being haa to the Priority of the Dares of the said Debentures in the Payment thereof.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Her entry to be rings, Salmon and White Fish, as shall be shipped aboard any Ship or vessel in any Port or Place in made at the Scotland, or the Islands theieunto belonging, to be transported or carried to any Port or Place in England.

Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, whether for Home Consumption, or Ex Pedfor f.ng portation to foreign Parts, or their respective Agents, shall before any such Ship or Vessel depart from ]fnd'f°.r such Port or Place in Scotland, or the Islands thereunto belonging, make a full and particular Entry with confo°mprlcmt the Collector, or other principal Officer of tyre Customs there, of the Fish so shipped, expressing tyre or Explication; Number of Barrels of Wet Fish, with the Marks and Numbers thereof, and the Number and Weight of each Species of Dry Fish; declare upon Oath, that the said Fish were cured in Scotland, or on the Coasts thereof; and whether they w; ere cured with Salt del.nered Duty free, or with Salt for which the Duty payable by the abovementioned Act hath been paid or secured; that the said Salt was takijn on board from same Port or Place in Great Britain, and when and where it was so put on Board;

co C 23. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

and '°^ "r to an lat no Drawback for the same hath been had, or intended to be had, upon the Exportation of Oathfor that the id Salt > which Oath the said Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs is hereby autho purpose, and rized to administer, and is likewise required to giant and deliver to the Matter of such Ship or Vessel grant a Certifi without Delay, See or Reward, a Certificate or Cocquet, under his Hand, that such Entry or Entries, to be delivered Oath or Oaths, have been duly made; and that the Matter of every Ship or Vessel, wherein such Fish to the Officer shall be shipped or put on Board, to be carried Coastwise as aforesaid, or the Proprietor or Proprietors, of the customs or their respective Agents, do, before landing or putting on Shore the said Fitti, or any Part thereof, or tore landing" putting it on Board any other Ship or Boat, in any Port or Place in England, Dominion of l'/alcs, or or re ffiipping Town of Benvick upon Tiveed, deliver the said Certificate or Cocquet to the proper Officer of the cn such Fiffi. (loirs in the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, brought in, or landed, or put on Board Penalty. any other Ship or Boat; upon Pain of forfeiting all such Fish, and also double the Value thereof, that shall be imported, brought in, or landed, or put on Board any other Ship or Boat, contrary to the true

Recovery and Intent and Meaning hereof, and likewise the Casks or Vessels in which such Fish shall be found; to be

die^eiiaity.0' recovered of the Importer or Proprietor of the Fish, or of the Matter of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported and brought in; one Moiety of all which Penalties and Forfeitures to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Officer or Officers, who shall seize, sue, or inform for the same, to be sued for, recovered, and levied, in such Manner, and with such Power of Mitigation, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated by any Law of Excise, or by action of Debt, Bill, Plant or Information, in any of his ala jesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law officer; of the shall be granted or allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance; and all Officers of his Majesty's Cu customs and stoms or Duties upon Salt are hereby authorised and empowered to seize all such Herrings, Salmon, aufiffitrn Cod, Ling, Tusk, or any other White Fish imported, brought in, or landed, or put on Board any ported contrary other Ship or Boat, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and also the Casks and Vessels to this Act. in which any of the said Species of Fish shall be found.

Application of

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates and Duties which the Duties on shall be charged by virtue of this act upon Fish brought from Scotland, or the Islands thereunto

into England belonging, into England, Wales, or Benvick upon Tiveed, as aforesaid, shall be levied, charged, brought from Scotland, in, applied, issued and disposed of to the same Purposes, and in the same Proportions, as the Duties upon Salt and Rock Salt, and the Duties upon Red Herrings and White Herrings, are levied, charged, brought in, applied, issued and disposed of by virtue of any act or acts of Parliament now in Force.

Counterfeiting,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons do prefunie to counterfeit, rafe, or ?ueta, nor<u°sing aber any Certificate or Cocquet, by this Act directed to be made; or shall use any such Certificate or the same, deem Cocquet, knowing the same to be so counterfeited, rased or altered, such Person or Persons shall incur ed Forgery. the Pains which are by Law inflicted on Persons found guilty of Forgery.

5 Geo. 2. c. 6.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act passed in the in pan repealed, fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reviving the Duties on Salt, as relates to the Importation of White Herrings from Scotland into England, be, and is hereby repealed,

aooi. and one

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall falsely make year's impri any Oath by this act directed to be made, and shall thereof be legally convicted in any of his Majesty's ii&.jry onvjrfnns Courts of Record in Great Britain, such Person so guilty shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, making a faifc and be imprisoned for twelve Months.

ah.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and For

Penalties and feitures in this Act mentioned, shall and may be prosecuted and determined by Bill, Plaint or

Forfeitures how formation, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in

and lpffiiedted Scotland respectively, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and one Moiety of the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the Use of his Majesty, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as will sue for or prosecute the same.

c°£yof tldsaft

XVIII. And to the End that no Person in the Highlands of Scotland, or the remote I Hands thereunto ted to the Mi belonging, may pretend to be or remain ignorant of those Regulations, which more immediately con nuters of ctr cern them; Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees for the fish um ratifies m cry and Manufactures of Scotland shall, as soon as may be, transmit one Copy of this act to each of read to the°pa the Ministers of the several Parishes within the Synods of Argyll, Ross, Murray, Sutherland and caith riffiioners; ness and Orkney, and that each of the said Ministers shall, immediately after Divine Service, on the last Sunday of the Month of May in every Year, for four successive Years, commencing with the h ear one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, publicly, audibly, and distinctly read to his Parishioners, in the Language belt understood by them, the former Part of this act, from the beginning thereof to the conclusion of the third enacting Clause; also that the Judges of Scotland shall order the said Part and also by the of this act to be publicly, audibly, and distinctly read at the opening of each Circuit Court, to be judges at their held st lnverara and Inver ness every Year for four Yeats successively, beginning in the Year one thou circur. Courts. anc] seven hundred and fifty seven.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this act, the Defendant or General issue. Defendants in any such action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance, and by the Authority of this act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be noifouited, or discontinue his or

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 24, 25. 691

their Action or Actions, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff; the Defendant or Defendants shall and Treble Cnfls. may recover treble Cods, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants have Coimrmnt; F: i in other Cases by Law. ay fx enter

29 Geo. 2. c. 39. 30 Geo. 2. C.ZI& 30. 33 Geo. 2. c. 27, GC2 Geo. 3. c. 15.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and applying certain Moneys remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the Residue of the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, by Ways and Means the least burr thenfome to your majesty's Subjects, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sums herein after mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Sum of two hundred listy five thousand nine hundred and fifty-five Pounds, eleven Shillings, and eleven Pence Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of 25.5, 9551. ns. the Income of the Surplusses, Exccfies, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues, composing the Fund, 1'u'is'0y!j(1scul* commonly called The Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the fifth Day of April one thousand seven sinking Fund hundred and fifty six, shall and may be issued and applied, for and towards the Supply granted to his remaining in the Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and the Commissioners j

of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being or the High Treasurer any three ing^apu^" or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby authorised and empower 175^-ed to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That by or out of such Moneys as shall thereafter from time to time be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, ex cesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the said Fund (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of par and r, 300, 0001. liament to be paid out of the same) there shall and may in like Manner be issued and applied, a "n'l^duceot" Sum not exceeding the Sum of one million and three hundred thousand Pounds, for and towards the u, e fa; d Fund laid Supply.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Sums amounting in the w; th s3.4121.

Whole to the Sum of eighty-three thousand four hundred and twelve Pounds, two Shillings and five 2s. 5d.' q. ie pence Hal penny, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, being Adonies disposable by Parliament rnai(nns'" tile for the Public Service, be in like Manner issued and applied at the said Receipt, for and towards the appropriated!"' said Supply. granted for the

IV. And whereas it may so happen, That there may be a want of Money for carrying on the cur Service of the rent Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty LIX before Moneys sufficient may have current ear'

arisen into the Exchequer, from the said Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The aforesaid The Sinking Fund to satisfy and pay the said Sum of one million and three hundred thousand Pounds, "30, ooooi. may by this Act granted; 'In such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of his be borrowed on majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or ar.y three or the Credit of the more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, by Warrant under their Hands, to sin inoi un peimit and suffer any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance and lend unto his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Exchequer, so much Money as together with the Moneys then remain ng in the said Exchequer, of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys,

shall be wanting to complete the said Sum of one million and three hundred thousand Pounds, upon Credit of the growing Produce of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, and to be repaid out of the (lime, as they shall quarterly afterwards arise, together with Interest for the Forbearance thereof in the mean time; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for appointing a sufficient Number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of jurymen, to present Nuisances, and other Offences, within the said City and Liberty.

WHEREAS by reason of some Dcfedls in an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty seventh 27e.12. Private. Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the gooi.gsvernmeni of the City and Borough of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex; the public Ways and Passages are greatly obstructed, and many other Annoyances and Offences are daily committed within the said City and Borough t And whereas by reason of the great Increase of Buildings in Westminster of late Years, and

T z of

t C 25. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

tif same Irregularity in the Appointment of Constables for the said City and Borough, there is not at

present a sufficient Number of those Officers for the Service of Westminsterto remedy which laid Evils; May it please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of "June one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, the Dean of the Collegiate Church of Saint Pete', Westminster, for the time being, or the High Steward of the City and Libel ty of Westminster for the time being, or his lawful Deputy, is hereby authorised and required (calling to his Assistance the burgeltes of the said City and Liberty of Westminster, if the

blfs to help" Lean, or High Steward or his Deputy, shall think fit) at a Court Leet to be held for the pointed yearly said City and Liberty, on Tuesday next following the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel in every for the Cityand Year, ycaiiy to appoint eighty able and fit Persons residing within the said City and Liberty, being ar minster° e " tificers, o: 1 cifons uhng any Trade of buying or selling (Alehousekeepers, Victuallers, or Persons retailing Spirituous Liquors, only excepted) to be Constables for the said City and Liberty of Westminster, being duly presented thereto, in Manner herein after mentioned and directed, to be chosen out

II. And for the better and move easy executing the said Office of Constable, and for preserving the parishe^and in ^eace 'n Westminster; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Confhbles to be ap the Proportions pointed as aforesaid, ill all be chosen out of the several Parishes in Westminster as followeth; that is ro here mentioned j la yj There shall be yearly chosen out of the Parish of Saint Margaret fourteen; out of the Parish of Saint John the Evattgelijl four; out of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields fourteen; out of the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, tw eive, out of the Parish of Saint James fourteen; out of the pa to k rish of Saint lane eight; out of the Parish of Saint Paul Covert Garden, six; out of the Parish of tiit usual oadic Saint Clement Danes, six; and out of the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, two: And the Confhbles so of office, and appointed shall take the usual Oath of Office, and shall do and execute ail and every Matter and Thing servefor i Year, appertaining and belonging to the Office of a Constable, for the Space of one whole Year, to commence from their Appointment to the said Office, or until other Persons sit all be appointed in their Stead, or shall find fit and able Persons, to be approved of by the said Court Leet, to serve and take the Oath of the Office of Constable, as their Deputies, and in their Room and Stead; such other Persons not being Alehousekeepers, Victuallers, or Persons retailing Spirituous Liquors.

utuetf* L be

III. And in order that fit and proper Persons may lie appointed to the said Office of Constable; Be it turm ngand" further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Dean of Westminster for the time being, or summoning a the faici High Steward for the time being, or his Deputy (calling to his Assistance the Burgesses of the Leet jury, said City and Liberty of Westminster, if the said Dean, or High Steward, or his Deputy, shall think fit) shall and may, and he is hereby authorised and required to issue out a Precept or Precepts within six Weeks before the Feast of Saint Michael in every Year, directed to the High Bailiff of Westminster, who is hereby authorised, directed and required to obey the same, to impanel and return forty jub stantial Housholders and Traders residing within the said several Parishes in Westminster, in the Proportions before mentioned; and to summon such Persons to appear at such Time and Place as in such Precept or Precepts shall be directed and appointed; and out of the Persons so impanelled, summoned and returned, the said Dean, or High Steward, or his Deputy (calling to his Assistance the Burgesses of the said City and Liberty of Westminster, if the said Dean, High Steward, or his Deputy, shall think fit, shall at a Court to be held by him for that Purpose, nominate and appoint so many as he shall think fit, not exceeding thirty, taking Care that one or more be nominated out of each of the said who are to pre Parishes; and that the Persons so nominated and appointed shall be called The Leet Jury, and shall be feit a certain sworn to present to the said Court sit and proper Persons to be chosen and appointed Constables for the propertfersons Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster for the Year then next ensuing; that is to say, The said out of each Jury shall present to serve as Constables for the Parish of Saint Adarsaret twenty-eight; the Parish of

laiuh to same Saint John the Evangeljl eight; the Parish of Saint Martin in the 'Fields twenty-eight; the Parish of

aa Constables. Saint George Hanover Square twenty-four; the Parish of Saint James twenty-eight; the Parish of Saint Anne sixteen; Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden twelve; the Parish of Saint Clement Danes twelve;

and the Parish of Saint Mcryle Strand four; out of which said Number so presented the said said Court

Leet Jury to shall, at the Time, and in the Manner and Proportions herein before directed, appoint eighty to be ftcefor i Yean Constables to serve for the said City and Liberty; and the Persons so nominated and appointed to be The Leet Jury, shall continue in the said Office for one whole Year, or till others are appointed and sworn in their Room and Stead.

40s, Fine on

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person who monerf5 refuting be summoned by the said High balift, by virtue of any Precept or Precepts to be directed as afore to appear, to b said, to take upon him the said Office of juryman, shall neglect or refuse to appear according to the cx«ute the Of Direction of such Summons, or appearing shall refuse to take upon him the said Office (being thereunto

fim cf jury appointed) or shall at any Time refuse to appear to present proper Persons to be Constables, being duly

summoned for that Purpose, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of foity Shillings; which said Sum of forty Shillings shall be set upon him by the said Court by way of Fine for such his Contempt or re fufal, to be recovered in such Manner as is herein after directed.

Precepts to be

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who

Bioring Persons presented by the Jury as aforesaid, as fit and proper Persons for the Office of Constable, lh. il

presented to by a Precept or Precepts from the said Court, be summoned by the Petty Constables to whom such

servens Con Precept shall Le directed, to appear at the said Court Leet, to beholden for the City and Liberty of

tend the Court; Westminster, to take upon them the said Office; and in case any Person that shall be so summoned, shall neglect to appear according to the Direction of such Summons (Proof being made of the Service of

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 25. 693

such Summons on Oath) or appearing, shall refilfe to take upon him the Office of Constable, being thereunto appointed as aforesaid, or to find a fit and able Person, then to take upon him the said or serve° they

Office in his Stead, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of eight Pounds; which said Sum of are to forfeit 81.

eight Pounds shall be set upon him by the said Court, by way of Fine, for such his Contempt or Refusal

to take upon him the said Office; to be recovered in such Manner as is herein after directed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Dean, or High Steward, or adjournsv m his Deputy, shall and may, and he is hereby authorised and empowered to adjourn the said Court Leet time to time; from time to time, as he mall think fit: And in case any Constable shall die, remove out of the Parish and on Death, for which he was appointed, or shall be discharged front his said Office on Account of his Inability, or dffchar^eor for other just Cause, it shall be lawful for him, and he is hereby authorised and empowered, at such any constables, adjourned Courts, to fumnton others before him, being first. presented by the Jury as aforesaid;

said Jury, the said Dean, or High Steward, or his Deputy, shall summon for that Purpose, and to ap 'andc

point one or more of such fit Person or Persons to serve as Constables or Constable in the Room and chosenimo ths Stead of such Person or Persons as shall die, be removed or discharged as aforesaid, in like Manner as is before directed for appointing Constables at the annual Leet; and all Persons who shall be so summoned and appointed, are hereby required to appear and take upon them, or find other fit Persons to take upon them the Execution of the said Office, on Pain of the like Penalties and Forfeitures as are before inflibted upon Persons refusing to apptar, according to the Direction of their Summons, or to take upon them the Execution of the Office of Constable, at the annual Leet.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who hath None liable to served or shall hereafter serve, by himself or Deputy, the Office of Constable, shall be presented aga' r - the said Office, or shall be summoned or appointed to serve the same in less than seven Years after

serve as Constable,

the end of such former Service; and that no Person who hath been or shall be nominated and or juryman, sworn to be on the Leet Jury, and hath served or shall serve the said Office of Juryman, shall be mo|ojtl n once again summoned or appointed to serve the said Office, in less than seven Years after the End of such ' 7 car' former Service.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said Dean, or High Steward, or his Deputy, shall, at the said Court Leet to be held on Tuesday next after the Feast of Saint Michael

yearly, appoint an able Person, being an Artificer, or using fonie Trade of buying and selling, and not High Constabf* being an alehouse keeper, Victualler, or Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, to be High Constable of the said City and Liberty of Westminster, being duly summoned for that Purpose, who shall take the usual t'he°ufua° Oath Oath of Office, and do and execute all and every Matter and Thing appertaining to the Office of High of Otfioe, and Constable for the Space of one whole Year, to commence from his Appointment to the said Office, or ycrlor one until another Person shall be appointed in his Stead; and that in case of the Death or Removal of such High Constable, the said Dean, or High Steward, or his Deputy, shall at some Adjournment of ^"^orai^th or the said Court Leet, appoint another Person to serve in his Room, being duly summoned for that other°to bap purpose. pointed.

IX. Provided always, That no Person shall serve the said Office of High Constable for more than None may reeve three Years together; and every Person who shall be so summoned and appointed, is hereby required to

appear and take upon him the Execution of the said Office of High Constable, on Pain of forfeiting than; Years the Sum of twenty Pounds; which said Sum shall be set upon him by way of Fine, for such his Con together, tempt or Refusal to take upon him the said Office; to be recovered in such Manner as herein after is Lid

directed.^Office.

X. And whereas the Obstruction of the public Ways and Passages in Westminster, and other An Precepts to be nayances and Offences committed therein, are greatly owing to the want of a sufficieur Power to com jffued for repel Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances and other Offences summoiitne an committed in Westminster, and to the want of an eary Method of recovering the Amerciaments (et Annoyance Ju ' by such Jury Re it therefore enabler! hr the Anihnnf

Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Dean, or High O' steward, or his Deputy, the two Chief Burgesses of Westminster, and the other Burgesses for the time r five of them, whereof the said Dean, High Steward, or

being, cr any two Chief Burgesses, to be one, shall and

his Deputy, or one of the said may, and they are hereby authorised and required twice in

Seal of their Court, directed to

the Common

every Year., to issue out their Precept or Precepts under

the High Bailiff of Westminster, who is hereby authorised, directed and required to obey the same, to impanel and return eighty substantial Houftioklers and Traders residing and dwelling within the said several Parishes in Westminster, in the Proportions before mentioned, and to summon inch Persons to appear before them, a: such Time, and such Place, as in such Precept or Precepts shall be set forth; and out of the Persons so impanelled, summoned and returned, the said Dean, High Steward, or his Deputy, the said two Chief Burgesses, and the other Burgesses, or any five of them, whereof the said Dean,

High Steward, or his' Deputy, or one of the two Chief Burgesses, to be one, shall, at a Court to be held for that Purpose, nominate and appoint so many as they shall think proper, not exceeding forty-eight, taking care that one or more be nominated out of each of the said Parishes; that the several Persons so nominated and appointed shall be called Tin' Annoyance Jury, and oath to be shall take an Oath to the Effeii following; which Oath the said Court are hereby empowered to taken by the administer.

AB. do/wear. That I will diligently inquire and male true Present went to this Court of all such public Annoyances, and other Offences, that jl>all be committed in Westminster, during the Time of my Continuance in the Office whereunto Jam now appointed; and that I will present no Person or Thing through Hatred or Malice, nor leave any unprefaced through Love, Favour or Assetiion, So help me God.

XL

694 C 25. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

40 s. Penalty on

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person who lnonetrcfufing be summoned as aforesaid Jo take upon him the Paid Office of Juryman, shall neglect or re to appear, or to fuse to appear according to the Direction of such Summons, or appearing, fit a 11 refuse to" take upon exetuie the of him the said Office (being thereunto appointed) every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of llco juryman. yqrty Shillings; which said Sum shall be set upon him by the said Court, by way of Fine, for such his Contempt or Refusal to take upon him the said Office; to be recovered in such Manner as is herein after directed.

Duty of the An

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the fury of Annoyance to be " d cia with app°*me^ as aforesaid, shall subdivide themselves into finaller Bodies, not being less than twelve in each refnest to the' p°dy* and they are hereby authorised and lequired, as often as they shall be directed by the said Court, Pavements, llridlly to inquire into, and present to the said Court, according to their Oath, upon their own View obf(°y?vons al Xnowleclget al defeblive or bad Pavements, and all Annoyances in, Obstructions of, or encroach and Encroach meins upon, any of the public Ways or Passages within the said City or Liberty; and the said Jury mens in the shall give or leave Notice in Writing of their Intention to present the same, at the House or Houses to the puwick which such defebtive Pavements belong, or to the Person or Persons who shall cause or suffer such an noyances, Obstructions or Encroachments; and if such Pavements are not amended, or such Annoyances, Obstructions or Encroachments, removed within fourteen Days after such Notice given, then the said Jury shall amerce the Person or Persons inhabiting the said House or Houses, or causing or suffering such Annoyances, Obstructions or Encroachments, in such Sums as they shall think proper, according to the Nature of the Offence, not exceeding forty Shillings for any one Offence; to be reco fh* on verefl ln Manner as is herein after directed: And if any Person or Persons shall abuse or insult any Persons infuit of the said jury of Annoyance, when they are in the Execution of their Office, or shall any way obstruct ing, or obiirudt them in executing the Duties of the said Office, it shall] be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices ul Execution °*" the ^cace fr lbe foid City and Liberty of Westminster, upon the Fact alleged being duly proved upon oi Uieir Office, the Oa'h of two or more credible Witnesses, to fine such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, in any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings; to be recovered in such Manner as is herein after dire bled.

p^'ndcour/l

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where the said 'Jury of Annoyance with respect to shah upon their View as aforesaid, find any bad or defebtive Pavement, belonging to any empty House the Pavements or Building within the said City or Liberty, or any Annoyance before such House or Building, it shall rices beffire ant' 'Day he lawful to and for the said Jury, and they are hereby authorised, directed and required, to empry Houses, present such defebtive or bad Pavement, or such Nuisance, to the said Court of Burgesses, rirfl leaving Notice in Writing on the Door or other public Part of such empty House or Building, of their Intention to present the same; and in case the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of such House or Houses, Build ng or Buildings, shall not within fourteen Days airer such Notice given as aforesaid, cause such Pavement to be amended, or such Annoyance removed, then the said Court shall forthwith cause such Pavement to be repaired, or such Nuisance to be removed, and the said Jury shall amerce the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of such House or Building, in such Sum or Sums of Money as by the Order and Directions of the said Court shall be laid out and expended in making good Amerciament such defebliv e Pavement, or removing such Nuisance, and the Charge attending the same; which said may be levied Amerciament or Amerciaments so set as aforesaid, shall be levied on the next Tenant or Tenants, oc ffi1 ttenantec<*" cup:, cr or Occupiers, of the Ground Floor of such House or Houses, Building or Buildings, in such ing uun, Manner as is herein after directed for the levying of other Amerciaments that shall be set and imposed who is to de by virtue of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or diift the same Occupiers, of such Houses or Buildings, who shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money so amerced as afore out of the Refit, said (if they final] pay the same voluntarily) to dedubt and detain out of their Rent then due, or thereafter to grow due, all and every such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall so pay. w'with respect" XI V And for preventing Persons dealing by unlawful Weights, Balances, or Menfures, within the to Weights and said City or Liberty of Wtjimivfcr; Ee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said An mtafures. noyance Jury shall end are hereby authorised and empowered, at all seasonable Times in the daytime, to enter into any Shop, House or Warehouse, within the said City and Liberty, belonging to any Person or Persons that deal by Weight or Measure; and if the said Jury shall find any Weight, Balance or Measure, to be unlawful or defective, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Jury, and they are hereby directed and required, to break and destroy the same, and to amerce the Person. or Persons so offending, in such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, according to the Nature of the Offence, not excee ing forty Shillings for any one Offence.

None liable to

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who hath noyaw Yury n" or shall be nominated and appointed to be on the Annoyance Jury, and hath served or shall serve the more than once said Office of Juryman, shall be again summot.ed or appointed to serve the said Office, in less than three in 3 Years. \ ears after the End of such former Service.

40s. on High

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said High Bailiff or his officer°r ce'c' deputy or other Officer abling under him, or under the Order or Authority of the said Court, by vir ing.mygratuitytue f tb*s Abl or otherwise, liir.li ask, demand, or take of any Person or Persons whatsoever, any Sum to Kxcufe Per or Sums of Money or other Gratuity or Reward whatsoever, for or under Pretence of excusing any flinrmto(b, 've ^er'on cr Persons from appearing to serve, or for not fur. moiling any Person or Persons to serve the said or n'tf'ummonl Office of Conftalle, or to serve on either of the Juries aforesaid, or on any other Jury within the said ing them, City and Liberty of Westminster; or if any Person whatsoever shall give any Sum or Sums of Money, or riv'!n"an'rgrs other Reward whatsoever, to any such Officer as aforesaid, for or on Account of cxculing him from ttii yoii such ac serving or being summoned to serve the Office of Constable. to serve on such Juries, that then and in touiit, either

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 25. 695

either of such Cases, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty of Westminster, upon the Fact alledged being duly proved upon the Oath of two or more credible Witnesses, to fine such Person or Persons lo offending as aforesaid, in any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, to be recovered in such Manner as is herein after directed.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the nonpayment of any Fine °1'tobe*" Amerciament that shall be fetor imposed upon any Person or Persons by the Authority of this Act, it jevied by Di shall and may be lawful for the High Bailiff of Westminster, or his Deputy or Deputies, and he and stress and Sale, they is and are hereby authorised, directed and required, by a Warrant or Warrants from the said Court

Leet, or by a Warrant or Warrants under the Common Seal of the said Court of burgesses, or by a Warrant or Warrants from the justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any such Person or Persons shall be convicted as aforesaid, to levy all and every such Fines and Amerciaments as shall be set and imposed as aforesaid, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of every such Person or Persons as shall be fined or amerced as aforesaid, being then Refiant or inhabiting within the said City or Liberty of west tninjhr, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within five Days, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner, upon Demand, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; and if such Offender or Offenders shall not have Goods or Chattels within the For w3nt of laid City and Liberty, whereof such Fine or Fines, Amerciament or Amerciaments, can be levied as ftrtfs, and on aforesaid, then and in such Case, and upon the nonpayment of such Fine or Fines, Amerciament or Amerciaments, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, by War committed, rant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to one of his Majesty's Gaols within the City or Liberty of Westminster, there to remain for the Space of ten Days, unless he, she or they shall sooner pay, or cause to be paid, the said Fine or Fines, Amerciament or Amerciaments, so imposed as aforesaid; which Case he, she or they, on Payment thereof, shall be forthwith discharged out of Custody.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Fine or Fines Finestobepaid which shall be set, imposed and recovered, by virtue of this act, shall, from time to time, be paid by offers and the High Bailiff of Westminster, or other Person into whose Hands the same shall come, within fourteen applied in'a id. Days next after the Receipt thereof, to the Overseers of the Poor for the time being of the several Pa L the Poors rifles in Westminster respectively, out of which the same shall be so recovered, who shall give a Receipt Rat,

or Receipts for the same; and the said Overseers are hereby diiedled and required to apply the said Fine or Fines to the same Uses and Purposes that the Poor Rates in the said several Parishes are by Law to be applied; and shall duly account upon Oath for the same at the Time, and in the Manner, they are obliged lo account for all other Sums of Money that shall come into their Hands; and all and every the Amerciament and Amerciaments which shall be set and imposed by the said Annoyance Jury, and re set^ythitan covered by virtue of this Acts, shall be applied and disposed of in Manner following; that is to say, noyance fury. The said High Bailiff for the time being shall be, and he is hereby entitled to one Moiety or Half Part to go to the thereof, and shall receive and take the same to his own Use; the other Moiety or Half Part there comof Burr of shall be taken and applied by the said Court of Burgesses to pay the necessary Charges and Expenses geircs. that shall attend the Execution of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit shall be brought or Limitation of commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this present Act, or in re aft ons lation to the Premises, that in every such Case the Action shall be commenced within six Months next

after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in the County of middlt sex, and not elsewhere, except the Person or Persons against whom such Action shall be brought, shall remove into and reside in the City of London; in which Case, the said Action shall be laid and brought in the said City of London; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions to be brought, may plead the General issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be General lilue» had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority thereof; and if it shall appear so to be done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, City or Place, than the County of Middlesex (except in such Case as aforesaid) that then and in such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or treble costs, discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions; if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit, in other Cases by Law.

XX. Provided always, That this Act, or anything or Matter therein container!, shall not extend to Exemptions

the Church or College of Westminster, nor to the clo.e of Westminster, nor to any Person or Persons from tllls, inhabiting within the Site, Circuit or Precinct of the said Church, College or Clole, for any Offence Exphhtd and or Misgovernment to be committed by them or any of them, within the Site, Circuit or Precinct of the ame«jdb. said Church, College or Close. 31 cc°'cl17'

696 C 26.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

C Geo. 2. c. 13

Further continued for three Years.

Clauses rai Land Acts, respecting the qnahnca tion of co.11 missioners.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for further continuing an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for { curing and encouraging the Trade of his present Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; to indemnify Commissioners of the Land Tax for Counties at large and Ridings, who have acted by virtue of Leasehold Estates, to obviate a Doubt relating to the Qualification of Commissioners of the Land Tax, for the city and Liberty of Westminster.

WHEREAS an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securhig and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; and which by several subsequent Acts hath been continued, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, hath by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and is near expiring; 'May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moil: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there continued le said Act shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, for the Term by i Geo. 3. 9. of three Years.

infeve ' RAND whereas in an Act made in this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Alai Tax jesty_ by a Land Tax, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and also several former Acts for granting a Land Tax to his Majesty, for the Service of the respective 'i ears in such Acts mentioned; it was enacted, That no Person should be capable of acting as a Commissioner, in the Execution of such Acts respectively, or any of the Powers therein contained,

in or for any County at large, within England, the Dominion of Wales (except as is therein e.xceptedj or in or for any of the Ridings of the County of York unless.such Person was foiled and possessed of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which were taxed, or did pay in the same County or Riding,

for the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum or more, of his own Estate, to the Land Tax for the preceding Year: And whereas several Persons appointed Commissioners for putting such Acts in Execution, within Counties at large, or within the said P, idings, have acted as Commissioners by virtue of being possessed of Leasehold Estates, for Term or Terms of Years, and of being taxed, or having paid to the Land Tax for such Estates, to the Amount, and in the Manner in the said Acts mentioned, and thereby may have incurred the Forfeitures mentioned in the said Acts; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Person shall be, and is hereby indemnified for having acted as a Commiftbner in the Execution of such Acts; is hereby exonerated, freed and discharged, of and from all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or to be incurred, before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, for or upon Account of acting in the Execution of such Acts; anything in the said Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to vacate or set aside any Judgement, against any Person for having acted in the Execution of any or either of the said Acts, without being qualified in the Manner required by such Acts respectively.

IV. And whereas by the said Acts for granting aids to his Majesty by a Land Tax, it is enacted,

That no Person should be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of such Acts respectively, or any of the Powers therein contained, within the City and Liberty of Westmbjhr, unless such Person was seized and possessed of Lands, Tenements or Hereditameivs, being Freehold, Copyhold or Leasehold, over and above all Ground Rents, Encumbrances and other Reservations, payable out of,

or in respect of such Leasehold Estates which were taxed, and did pay in the said City and Liberty, for the Value of twenty Pounds per Annum or more, of his own Estate to the Land Tax, for the Ser ' vice of the respective Years mentioned in the said several Acts: And whereas some Doubts have arisen upon the Construction of the said several Acts, in relation to the Commissioners acting wirh in the said City and liberty be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Acts did, do and shall extend, and ought to be construed, adjudged and taken to extend,

___ ____ to authorise all and every of the Commissioners named in, or appointed by the said several Acts, or any

commissioners of them, who were, are or shall be, at the Times of their acting as Commissioners, with n the said City expiainet1& ctr> or Lberty, possessed of any Leasehold Estate or Estates, over and above all Ground Rents, incum p 4 '1 brances and other Reservations, payable out of or in respect of the same, which were taxed, and did pay in the said City or Liberty, for the Value of twenty pounds per Annum or more, of his own Estate to the Land 'Lax, for the Service of the respective Years mentioned in the said several Acts, to put the said several Acts, and all and every the Powers therein contained in Execution, in as full and ample a Manner, as if such Person or Persons had been, or were seized and possessed of any Freehold or Copyhold Estate or Estates, which were taxed, and did pay to the Land Tax, within the said City or Liberty, for the said respective Years, in the said Acts mentioned, for the same Value; anything in the said in part recited Acts, or any or either of them, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Commissioners indemnified lor having acted under the said as;

judgement again.'! them be not already obtained.

Claufts in the rcciled All refusing the Qualification of

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

C 27, 28. 697

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for extending the Act of the twenty second Year of his present Majesty (for amending, explaining and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels and Forces by Sea) to such Officers, Seamen and others, as shall serve on board his Majesty's Ships or Vessels employed upon the Lakes, great Waters, or Rivers, in North America.

WHEREAS diverse of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels are at present, and' may hereafter be occa

fionally employed in and upon certain Lakes, great Waters, or Rivers, in North America, not within the body of any County actually settled by the King's Subjects, and under the regular Govern

of his Laws and Courts, although the same may be within his Majesty's Dominions Now in order to obviate any Doubts which may arise touching the good Regulation and Government of all such Officers, Seamen and others, as do, or for the Time being, shall serve on Board of any of his Majesty's said Ships or vessels so employed as aforesaid; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a certain Act of Parliament made in 22 Geo. i. C rj, the twenty second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (entitled, An Act for amending, explaining extended to of and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his majesh's Ships, Vessels menverving^it and Forces bp Sea) and all and every the Articles, Orders, Powers, Authorities, Clauses, Matters and his Majesty's Things therein mentioned and contained, shall be, and shall be deemed and taken to be in fu]] Vessels empioy i'orce, and shall be observed, used, exercised, performed and executed for the Trial and Punishment &c'njn nonu^ of all and every, or any such Offences or Offence specified or mentioned in the same Act of Parliament, America, which have been or shall be committed by any Officers, Seamen or other Persons respectively, who do,

or for the Time being, shall serve on Board of any of his Majesty's said Ships or Vessels employed in or upon such Lakes, great Waters, or Rivers, in North America, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Offences or Offence had been committed upon the main Sea, or in great Rivers, beneath the first Bridges of the said Rivers, nigh to the Sea, or in any Haven, River or Creek within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of Great Britain.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for reviving and continuing an Act for the Relief of Debtors, with Respedi to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and for continuing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to continue several Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS several Laws herein after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and are expired, or near expiring; 'May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moult excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty n Geo. 2. c. 22, (entitled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respedi to the Imprisonment of their Persons) which was c°"^e<i|'dex' to continue in Force for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of amended by the Parliament; and was explained and amended by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his pre several subse sent Majesty; which by another Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty^f^g was further explained and amended, and continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand sgeo. 2'. c. 24. seven hundred and forty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, Geo. 2i CI j, by another Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, with the several Articles and Clauses therein contained (except the Clause in the said last mentioned Act for setting mutual Debts one against the other, which by the said Act is made perpetual) was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend fever ai 21 Geo. 2. c.j. Laws for the Relief of Debtors, with respedi to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned; and to continue two Acts', the one pajj ed in the nineteenth Tear, the other in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to Prevent the spreading of the Distemper amongst the horned Cattle; was (so far as relates to the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons) further amended; and dontinued until the revived andc«o first Day of June one thousand seven hun tired and fifty-four, and from thence to the end of the then next ft ovfune6 Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue and be in Force, un i7; 9. L till the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine. me farther2

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the last Session of Parc s liament (entitled, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the hornedffftjj^f Cattle in this Kingdom) shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, sept, 1756.

698 C 29. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise one million for the Purpose therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Mo [I Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, having taken into our serious Consideration your majesty's most gracious Message, signifying your majesty's Hopes to be enabled, by your faithful Commons, to concert and take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any enterprizes or Designs of your majesty's Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum of one million for that Purpose; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by The Sum of one the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's most Excellent Majesty, mlferi by virtue Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorise and empower the Commissioners of of hu majesty's his Majesty's Treasury, now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Warrant, by Ex Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time or Times before the fifth Day of January one thousand seven chequer Bills j hundred and fifty six to caute or direct any Loans to be taken or received at his Majesty's Exchequer, from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate; or any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out there for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in Loans in the same and Exchequer Bills together, in the Whole, the said Sum of one million, in the same or like Manner, Manner as in the Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by an Act of this ^ffioifisdh ea Present Session of Parliament for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, ed, C Cyder and Perry for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, are enacted and

prescribed, concerning the Loans or Exchequer Bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said Act.

ah Advantages

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, and Penalties Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the said raft men rcclted aft.'reva doned Act, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills, authorised to be made by the same Act (except ting to Loans or such Clauses as do charge the same on the Duties granted by the same Aftj shall be applied and txiehdederbiws exteilde(i the Loans and Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and efiec acl" C to nis tually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Loans or Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Act.

Loans to be re

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, paid out of the together with the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and next Supplies; are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or born by or out of the first Aids or Supplies which shall be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and in case sufficient Aids or sup and if none suffi plies for that Purpose shall not be granted before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred cient be granted and fifty seven, then all the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, with the Interest, Premium, Rate and j75°rethey arely Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such «o7 % c£ed Moneys, as at any Time or Times at or after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and upon, and paid fifty seven shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus ingfundnk' Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling and discharging such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

and the Moneys

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall be itr.icd therout, so issued out of the said Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing the sink cut of the first 'ns Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted Supplies. in Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Appropriation V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys cornel ihc Supplies, ing into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, The Moneys intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and arising by the Ferry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty jix, and so much Money, if any Malt Tax, such of t]le Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 29. 699

ment (entitled. An Act for granting 'an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Bri Land Tax. tain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sty six; and for the Relief of the Inhabitants of the City and County of the City of Lincoln, in respeii of Arrears of the Land lax;,) and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer by Contributions for Annuities and a Lottery granted by one other Lottery Aa. Act of this Session of Parliament (entitled. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two millions to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for extending to Ireland the Laws made in this Kingdom against private and unlaiujul Lotteries) and also the Sums remaining; Sum of two hundred fifty-five thousand nine hundred fifty-five Pounds eleven Shillings and eleven Pence in the exchc haif penny remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Income of the Surpluses, exceites, quer' C Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, directed to be issued and applied by one other Act of this Session of Parliament (entitled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Moneys remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six ,) and also the Sum of one million three hundred thousand Pounds, by the said Act directed to be tifued and applied out of the growing Produce of the said Sinking Fund; and also the Sum of eighty-three thousand four hundred twelve Pounds two Shillings and five Pence Halfpenny remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, being Money dif pofeable by Parliament for the public Service, and by the said Act directed to be issued and applied; and the further Sum of one million by this Act granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses and Purposes herein after expressed; that is to say, It is VI out of the hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aid's in general, provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not, oip)c2ii. St exceeding three millions nineteen thousand twenty-one Pounds and three Shillings, for or towards the towai ds Naval' Naval Services herein after particularly expressed; is to say. For or towards Victuals, Wages, Sel'vices wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards defraying the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers; and for or towards maintaining nine thousand one hundred and thirty-eight Marines; and for or towards the Buildings, re buildings and Repairs of his Majesty's Ships for the said Year.

VI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or 300, 0001. to

Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding wards paying off three hundred thousand Pounds, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy. the Navy Debt.

VII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or20)ooool. for Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding building the fto twenty thousand Pounds, for or towards carrying on the Works of the Hospital for sick and wounded Sea fpjfj1 near Gof' men, building at Hafiar near gojport, for the \ ear one thousand seven hundred and fifty six.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any of the Aids 10,000l. to

or supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not ex Greenwich H

ceeding tcn thousand Pounds, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, rpita1, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

IX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or299, 1371. 3d.

Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceed to theordnancs, in g two hundred ninety-nine thousand one hundred sixty seven Pounds and eight Pence, for the Charge

of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six,

performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

X. And it is hereby also enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, zrja, 540 J. 5s.

there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two million Land orc one hundred seventy four thousand five hundred and forty Pounds rive Shillings and twopence Halfpenny, ana01 1

for and towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly of which expressed; is to say, Any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding nine hundred thirty thousand six 930, 6031. 6s. hundred and three Pounds six Shillings and nine Pence, for defraying the Charge of thirty thou Garrircii t' land five hundred and four effective Men, including Commission and non commission Officers, and occ. t'also three thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine Invalids, for Guards, Garrisons and other his Ma Britain, guern jesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and jersey, for the Year one thousand seven hundred F'wt

and fifty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred ninety-eight thousand jo\/f' five hundred thirty-four Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny, for maintaining his c^q's and majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons of n.va Scctia, Neivfcundland, Gibraltar and Providence, for the Year one thousand seven don's, Minor hundred and fifty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eighty one thousand one ayd Gibraltar, hundred seventy eight Pounds and sixteen Shillings, for defraying the Charge of the Royal American n^imnditad Regiment of Foot to be raised for his Majesty's Service in Forth America, for the Service of the ye, r, m.d..' ivcvidence. one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty-three ?'>'7SC"(V thousand nine hundred fifty-five Pounds nineteen Shillings and sixpence, upon account for out pen americ.arfit^i

U 2 lionets meats CL Feet.

700 C. 29. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

955). 19s. sioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and any Sum or Pensioners of" Sums Money not exceeding thirty-eight thousand Pounds, upon account of half-pay, for the reduced Chelsea Hof Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Fear one thousand seven hundred and fifty

pita!. six, subject to Lch Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are hereafter pre

rfdocetl officers fc^tied concerning the lame; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand live hun of the Land dred thirty-nine Pounds live Shillings and ten Pence, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the

Forces and Ma several Officers and private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse S'crq!. ts. tod. reduced, and to the luperannuated Gentlemen of the four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year one to the Officers thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand and Gentlemen four hundred and eighty-four Pounds, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers s. c!^reduced.r S' his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, -, 4841. to the and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and i'enfions of offi sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; which said Sum of two thousand four ns 1 ows, hundred and eighty-four Pounds, shall be issued to such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, direift and appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over to such Widows of half-pay Officers, or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lists or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, and other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty, by such and the like Warrant or Warrants,

to be iflid by his Majesty's Sign Manual.

79, 835l. ys. 3d. Avail be graciously pleased to direct and appoint; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seventy r Evinces of i"'lve thousand eight hundred and thirty-five Pounds seven Shillings and threepence, for defraying the Land forces, 0 extraordinary Expenses of his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in the Year one and other Ser thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of vices incurred m Money not exceeding ninety one thousand nine hundred and nineteen Pounds ten Shillings, for de

ry Expenses of

fraying the Charge of ten Regiments of Foot, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty-nine thousand six hundred twenty-eight Pounds eleven Shillings and threepence, for defraying the Charge of eleven Troops of Light Dragoons, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and any Sum or Sums

the Year 1755.

<.71, 9x91. 10s. for ten Regiments of Foot.

49, 628l. IIS.

3d. for eleven _

Troops of Dra of Money, not exceeding seventy nine thousand nine hundred and fifteen Pounds six lbillings, for de service of the fraying the Charge of two Regiments of Foot ordered from Ireland to North America, and of four Re

Year 1756.

-79, 915l. 6 s. for Troops in North America

giments of Foot on the Irish Establishment serving in North America and the East indies, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with and vheeafttn the Empress of Rttjjia, purl uant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty-four <'ies thousand one hundred forty Pounds twelve Shillings and sixpence, to enable his Majesty to make Emprefsofltuf od his Engagments with the Landgrave of hejje cajjel, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums ira of Money not exceeding one hundred sixty three thousand and three hundred fifty seven Pounds nine

54, 1401. is. Shillings and nine Pence, towards defraying the Charge of six thousand five hundred and forty-four graveof Heflfe " Foot, with the General Officers and Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of hejje caf castd; and Peel in the Pay of Great Britain, from the twenty-third tof February one thousand seven hundred

163, 5571.9s.

o d. for Troops nired from him. 121, 4471.2

and fifty six, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, together with the snb fidy pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred twenty-one thousand four hundred forty seven Pounds two Shillings and sixpence, towards defraying ror.troop* the Charge of eight thousand six hundred and five Foot, with the General Officers, C Train of ail0vu Artillery and Hospital, the Troops of Hanover in the Pay of Great Britain, from the eleventh Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty six to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, jo, cool, to the both inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, to enable his Elector of Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Elecftor of Bavaria, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum 20 oooot to the 01 Sums f Money not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to make good his en ki ngof Pruifta. gagements with the King of Prussia, pursuant to Treaty.
---
[1,000,000l. to be applied as the Exigency of Affairs may require.]

XI. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not excceding one million, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to concert and take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

[55,032l. 19s. towards the settling Nova Scotia.

XII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty-five thousand and thirty-two Pounds nineteen Shillings, upon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of

Nova Scotia, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty j's7 V s 7d six; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six hundred eighty seven Pounds two Shillings and cwmunnovi seven Pence, upon Account, for defraying the Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the settle semia m 1754, ment of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand jc cr five hundred and fifty seven Pounds ten Shillings, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expenses attending the same, from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, to the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, to be employed in maintaining and supporting the British Forts and foiss and ctfte Settlements upon the Coast of Africa.

menis on the Coast ol a inca.

not provided for.

1, 5571.10s. C

detrayirg the Civil Establishment of Georgia.

10, 0001. for

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 29. 701

XIII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any of the Aids or ioo, ooooi. for Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of mo ncy not exceeding one hundred thousand Pounds, upon Account, for or towards enabling his Ma !ng the hiitreited jesty to defray the Expenses which have been, or may be incurred by his Majesty in giving Assist People of por ance to the distrdfed People of Portugal, and our unhappy fellow Subjects refuting and trading the re; tug'l1 and any Sum or Sums of Money nor exceeding thirteen thousand eight hundred sixty nine Pounds 13, 8691. s seven Shillings and ten Pence, to enable his Majesty to pay the said sum.to James Tierney of Lon P don Merchant, Agent for and on Behalf of Don Libino Bernardo Vanderbronk, and other Merchants, spammer redding at Cadiz, Subjects of his Catholic Majesty, Owners of the Money and Effebls taken in chanta their de the Spanish Ship Anna Maria y Saint Felix; provided that all Claims of the Spanish Merchants be by coum^mii^" them or their Agent or Agents, assigned over to proper Persons, to the End that the same be reco swpanna ma vered and applied to the Use of the Public; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum ria y St. Felix, of one hundred and fifteen thousand Pounds, upon Account, to be distributed in such .'roportions J V <ra>'fnth as his Majesty in his Wisdom shall think fit, to his Majesty's Colonies of Nezv England, New York colonies of New and Jersey in America, as a free Gift and reward for their part Services, and an Encouragement England, New to them to continue to exert them (gives with Vigour in Defence of his Majesty's just Rights and York and jersey, Possessions; and 'any Sum of Sums or Sums of Money not exceeding five thousand Pounds, to be 5, ooool. to sir jriven to Sir William Johnson as a Reward for his service's; and any sum or Sums of Money not wuiiamjohnfon exceeding seventy one thousand one hundred and eighty one Pounds two Shillings and threepence fns^rviccs'1^three farthings, to make good the Deficiency of the half Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, charged 7i, II 1. zs.^d. with the Payment of several Annuities by the Acts of the sixth of Queen Anne, and sixth of King l to make George the Fivft, to satisfy all Annuities charged thereupon, to the fifth Day of January one thou enc°y of sand seven hundred and fifty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six thousand and subsidy of tonne thirty-two Pounds seven Shillings and one Penny, to be paid to John Roberts, late Governor of nageandpound cape Coaji. Castle in Africa, for his. extraordinary Charges in supporting and defending the britiji) toj°o3hn Ro' Forts and Settlements there against the Hall dines of the Dutch, and Encroachments of the French, berts, charges in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding for defending ten thousand Pounds, towards Enabling the commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River of {lfepe^c_ Ca Thames from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry, to purchase Houses io.ocoi.' to and Grounds for the widening the Ways, and making more safe and commodious the Streets, Avc Commissioners nues and Passages, leading from Charing Cross to the two Houses of Parliament, the Courts of Justice, Bridge for"av r and Westminster Bridge, and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand Pounds, to ing open the enable his Majesty to defray the Expense of erebling a Monument in the Collegiate Church of Saint Streets from Peter, Westminster, to the Memory of Captain James Cornwall, pursuant to ah Address to his Ma &c?nns Cro 3' jesty on the twenty-eighth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and any Sum 3, 0001. for the or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand thirty-eight Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence Monument Halfpenny, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the sen ice of the Year one thousand cornwall*.capt' seven hundred and fifty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, 3, 0381. 6s. rod. towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for exposed and deserted young Chil = q Deficiency; dren, to receive into the said1 Hospital all Children under a certain Age to be appointed by the Paid hee ealt!, r Governors and Guardians, who shall bef brought to the said Hospital after the first Day of June, ro, oooo 1. tophe and before the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and' fifty six. Foundling Ho

XIV. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids and Supplies fnlfe Aids to provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever. be applied to no than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments di other uses rebled to be satisfied thereout, by any Abl or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XV. And as to the said Sum of thirty-eight thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated on Account rues to bech. of half-pay as aforesaid; is hereby enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules served in the herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application of the said half-pay; that is to say. Application of That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor, and under the Age the Half pay' of sixteen Years., at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company, in which he served, was reduced; See 30 Gcc. 0., that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service C $ Iy

in some Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any Other Place or Iraployment of Profit Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission fin'e'e; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to fuel) Persons as would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as Were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XVI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his 2s Geo. 2. C a,

majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned

out of the Sinking Fund, and applying certain Moneys remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; and for carrying the Surplus of certain Duties to the Sinking Fund; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; the several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes therein expressed; amongst which, any Sum or Sums of Money

not

Rules to be observed in the Application of the Surplus of 47, ccol. appropriated in 1755, to the Payment of reduced Officers,

Euyers or Receivers of any of the Materials herein mentioned, knowing the same to be stolen or unlawfully some by, C

if convicted, to be transported for Years.

Where there is Cause of sufpi cion, Justice to issue a Search Warrant,

and the Materials, and the Party with whom the same are found, to be carried before two Justices, Sec. Party not accounting satis fastorily, deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor. suspe&ed persons, with any of the said Materials in the might time, may be apprehended by the Parish Ofriceis cr Watchmen, and carried before two Justices, CC

30. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

rot exceeding forty seven thousand Pounds, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Ap. ' plication of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf: 'Now it e is hereby provided, enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of forty seven thousand Pounds, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers,

according to the Rules prescribed by the said Act to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or lost their Limbs. in the late Wars, or such others as by reason of their long Service or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Actor the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for more effectually discouraging and preventing the stealing, and the buying, and receiving of stolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal and Solder, and for more effectually bringing the Offenders to Justice' '

WHEREAS the pernicious Pradliee of stealing Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal and Solder fixed to, or lying or being in or upon houses, Outhouses, Mills, Warehouses, Workshops and other Buildings, Areas, Vaults, Yards, Gardens, Orchards or other Places; and also the stealing of such Materials from Ships, Barges, Lighters, Boats and other Vessels and Craft, upon navigable Rivers, in Ports of Entry or Discharge, Creeks and Docks belonging thereto, and also from oft' ' Wharves, Keys and other Places, is become a great and notorious Evil, by reason of the Difficulty in e apprehending and eonvidling the Thieves, and the still greater Difficulty of discovering and convicting the Buyers or Receivers thereof; which Buyers or Receivers are the principal cause of the Com ' million of such Thefts; and in regard that the said Offences are committed in such ciofe and clan destine Manner, that there can be no Witness or Witnesses to the same, but such who is or are par takers of the Offence: And whereas if the Buyers and Receivers of Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass,

bell metal or Solder, knowing or having reasonable Cause to suspect the same to be stolen or unlaw fully eome by, were made original Offenders, and punishable independent of the Apprehension and Conviction of the Thief; and if the apprehending, prosecuting and eonvidling the Offenders in both Kinds were rendered more easy and speedy, it might more effectually tend to the Discovery and Sup ' pression of the said offences for Remedy whereof, be i, t enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the firth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, every Person who shall buy or receive any Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder, knowing the same to be stolen or unlawfully come by, or shall privately buy or receive any stolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder, by suffering any Door, Window or Shutter to be left open or unfallened between sun setting and sun rising for that Purpose, or shall buy or receive the same, or any of them, at.ahy Time in any clandestine Manner from any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall, being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, although the principal Felon or Felons has not or have not been convicted of stealing the same, be transported for fourteen Years to any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, according to the Laws in Force for the Transportation of Felons.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint made to him upon Oath by any credible Person, that there is cause to suspect llolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder is concealed in any dwelling house, out house, Yard, Garden or other Place or Places, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause every such dwelling house, out house, Yard, Garden and Place to be searched in the daytime; if any Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder, suspected to be stolen, shall be found therein, to cause the same, and the Person or Persons in whose House, out house, Yard, Garden or other Place the same shall be found, to be brought before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the same County, City, Riding, Division, Liberty or Place; and if the said Person or Persons shall not give an Account, to the Satisfaction of such Justices, how lie, ftie or they came by the same; or shall not, within some convenient Time to be set by the said Justices, produce the Party or Parties of or from whom lie, (lie or they bought or received such stolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder, that then the said Person or Persons so offending shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a misdemeanour.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Constable, Headborough or Tithingman, in every County, City, Town Corporate or other Place where they shall be Officers, and every Beadle within his Ward, Parish or Diilridl, and every Watchman, during such Time only as he is on his Duty, shall and may apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, all and every Person or Persons who may reasonably be suspected of having or carrying, or any ways conveying, at any Time after sun setting, and before sun rising, any Lend, Iren, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder fuf pecicd to be stolen or unlawfully come by; and the same, together with such Person or Persons, as soon as conveniently maybe, to convey or carry before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Division, Liberty or Place aforesaid; if the Person or Persons so apprehended

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

C 30. 703

hended conveying any such Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder, shall not produce the

Party or Parties from whom he, she or they bought or received the same, or foine other credible Witness

to depose upon Oath the Sale or Delivery of the said Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or

Solder (which Oath any such Justices are hereby empowered to administer) or shall not give an ac and not account,

to the Satisfaction of any two or more of such Justices, how he, she or they crane by the " "S

same, that then the said Person or Persons so apprehended shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of 0efe'

Misdemeanour, Misdemeanour.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons shall be con In wj,; ch ca victed of either of the Misdemeanours aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of such the Materials to Justices to cause such Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder to be deposited in the Hands be. deposed of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Place where such Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, churchwar bell metal or Solder were found, or in any other convenient Place, for any Time not exceeding thirty dens, C Days; and in the mean Time to order the said Churchwardens a id Overseers of the Poor, or one of and publick them, in all and every of the Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, to inftrt an Advertisement in same Notice by ad public Paper, and in every other Parish or Place to cause Notice to be given by some public Crier, vertiftment and and by fixing on the Church or Chapel Door Notice describing such Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, Bell given, W C C^metal or Solder, and where the same shall be so deposited, to the End that Persons having lost such

Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder may come and claim the same, or any reputable Person on their Behalf; and in case any Person or Persons can jrrove their Property to the said Lead, and the Owner, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder, upon Oath, to the Satisfaction of any two or more of such pe°ty"?s to have Justices of the Peace for such County, City, Riding, Division, Liberty or Place, that then such Ju them, 'ftices shall order Restitution of such Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder to the Owner or Owners thereof, after paying the reasonable Charges of removing, depositing and giving publick Notice of the same; and if at the End of the said thirty Days no Person or Persons shall come and prove his, her or their Property, nor any reputable Person on his or their Behalf, to such Lead, Iron, otherwise they Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder, the same to be sold for the hest Price that can reasonably be had; anvthef/©ncy and after deducting the Charges as aforesaid, one Moiety of the Money arising from such Sale to be divided between given to the Person or Persons who shall apprehend the Party or Parties guilty of the misdemeanorsahe officer ..nd aforementioned, or either of them; and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish where such Foor offence shall be committed (if it is known where) or else where such Convictions shall be made.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person to whom any Lead, Iron, Person to whom Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder shall be brought and offered to be sold, pawned or delivered, shall and is hereby empowered and required (there being reasonable Cause to suspect that such Lead, Iron, brought, whe Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder was stolen or unlawfully come by) to apprehend, secure and carry sold or pawned, before a Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Division, Liberty or Place where the same fto"

shall be so brought or offered (having it in his or her Power so to do) the Person or Persons so bring and carry the°p ing or offering the same, together with such Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder; and Party before a such Person or Persons so apprehended shall be dealt with, and such Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, Bell Justice> c metal or Solder shall be deposited and disposed of, in the same Adanner as if he, she or they had been apprehended by the Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, Beadle or Watchman as aforesaid; if otherwise, upon it shall appear upon the Oath of any Person, notwithstanding such Person or Persons was or were con p/a°ronabjechufe cerned in the stealing the same, if corroborated with other credible Circumstances, to the Satisfaction of of Suspicion, he two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Division, Liberty or Place where the k guilty of a same shall be so brought or offered as aforesaid, that there was reasonable Cause to suspect such Lead, 11 erneanor> Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder was stolen or unlawfully come by, and that the Person or Persons to whom such Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder was so brought or offered, did not (having it in his, her or their Power so to do) apprehend, secure and carry before a Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, the Person or Persons who so brought or offered the same, that then the Person or Persons convict persons to whom such Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder was so brought or offered shall meanor^in'hav be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanour. ing in their Pof

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, fcffionany ofrhe in having in his, her or their Possession any Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder, suspected

to be stolen or unlawfully come by, and not producing the Party or Parties of whom he, she or they counting satis bought or received the same, nor giving a satisfactory Account how he, she or they came by the same, factorily for or in having, carrying or conveying of Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal and: Solder suspected to ^forfeit for the be stolen or unlawfully come by, and not producing the Party or Parties from whom he, she or they firstoffence 40s. bought or received the same, nor any credible Witness to depose upon Oath the Sale or Delivery or the second thereof, nor giving a satisfactory Account how he, she or they came by the same (as the Case shall be) jufequenvbnj shall, for every such Misdemeanour, forfeit for the first Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, and for the 61. and being second Offence the Sum of four Pounds, and for every subsequent Offence the Sum of six Pounds; guilty of a mif and that every Person deemed and adjudged guilty of the Misdemeanor of neglecting to apprehend, fe no?rrymgfuf cure and carry before a Justice of the Peace, the Person or Persons (having it in his, her or their Power pefttd Persons so to do) who brought or offered to sell, pawn or deliver any Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal bel "refa or Solder (as the Case shall be) suspected to be stolen or unlawfully come by, shall, for every such a/iif the sir a Offence demeanour, forfeit for the first Offence the Sum of twenty Shillings, and for the second Offence the Sum 20s. for the fe of forty Shillings, and for every subsequent Offence the Sum of four Pounds; all which said respective forngvf°s'f Forfeitures (half and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Of Jvquenmjh' fender (rendering to him or her the Overplus, after Charges of the said Distress and Sale deduced) by forfeitures how Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of such Justices, before whom such Offender to b'; ..jvied and 8 was

C 30. amio vicesiaio nono fieojigniil. A.D. 1756.

was deemed and adjudged guilty; which Forfeiture shall be paid, 'one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other 'moiety thereof to the Overseers of the Poor, for the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offence was committed (if it is known where) or else where such Conviction shall be made; and if no fufikient Distress shall be found, whereon to levy the said respective Forfeitures, then the said Justices shall and may commit every such Offender, so respectively deemed and adjudged guilty as aforesaid, to the common Gaol or other Prison, or House of Correction, within their juris aidtion, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of one Month for the first Offence, and for the second Offence for the Space of two Months, and for every subsequent Offence until such Offender shall be discharged by Order of the Court of General or Quarter Sessions' '

And be it further enacted, That every Conviction of any Offender, in any of the aforesaid. Misdemeanours, shall be certified by two or more of the Justices of the Peace, making the same, to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be filed and entered amengft the Records of the said

Sessions; that such Conviction shall and may be drawn up on Parchment, and certified in the following

Form of Words (as the Case shall happen) or in any other Form of Words to the like effect, mutatis tnutandis; that is to say,

Middlesex, 7 t3 E it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year

to wit. 3 81 rf. B. was convicted before us of the Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Division, Liberty or Place aforesaid (as the Case shall be) of a ' Misdemeanour, in having in his, her or their Possession Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, Bell metal or Solder suspected to be stolen or unlawfully, come by, and not producing the

Party or Parties of whom he, she or they bought or received the same, nor giving a

satisfactory Account how he, she or they came by the same, or in having, carrying or conveying of Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder suspected to be stolen or unlawfully come by, and not producing the Party or Parties from whom he, she or they bought or received the same, nor any credible Witness to depose upon Oath the Sale or Delivery thereof, or not giving a satisfactory Account how he, she or they came by the same, or of neglecting to apprehend and secure the Person or Persons who brought and offered to pawn, sell or deliver Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder suspected to be stolen or unlawfully come by (as the Case shall be).'

Given under our Hands 'and Seals the Day and Year aforesaid.'

Said Conviction Which said Conviction, in the same or the like Form of Words, shall be good and effectual in Law ed*1 or removed" to Intents ard Purposes, and shall not be quashed, set aside, or adjudged void or insufficient for by Certiorari, want of any other Form or Words whatsoever, nor be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, blit shall be deemed and taken to be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. ti

Felonconviaing

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, being out of Prison, the Buyers or shall, after the said first: Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, commit any Felony, facmtolenma 'V healing any Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder, and afterwards discover two or more teiiais is in titled Persons who shall buy or receive any stolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder, after the to his Majesty's said first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, knowing the same to be stolen, foal on as two or more of the Persons discovered shall be convicted of such buying or receiving, he, she or they so discovering shall have, and be entitled to, the gracious Pardon of his Majesty, his Heirs and success.rs, for all such Felonies by him or her committed, at any Time or Times before such Discovery made, which Pardon shall be likewise a Bar to any Appeal brought for such Felony, and convicting

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thetis any Person shall be concerned in any of a Mif the healing any Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder, and shall afterwards, being out of notapprdiend Prison, discover any Person to whom he, she or they shall have, after the said first Day of October of inge. often fered to sell, pawn or deliver any stolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder, so as such dtroffering to person be convicted of the Misdemeanour of not apprehending, securing and carrying him, her or them the ftmefts^dif before a Justice as aforesaid, that then the Person making such Discovery shall not be liable to be pro charged from fecuted for stealingythe Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, bell metal or Solder so offered as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com uc 1 cony. nienced or brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or other Officer or Person whatsoever, adtons°n f or doins or calling to be done anything in pursuance of this Act, concerning the said Offences, the same shall be commenced or brought within six Months after such Cause of aoftion has accrued; and generalwue. the Defendant in such Case may plead the General Blue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence;

and if upon such Action a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff become nonsuited. Treble Costs, or discontinue his Addon, the Defendant shall have treble Costs.

XI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

noun(te<l, 'nor'"epcal any former Law now in Being, for the Punishment of such Offenders; and provided also, that

offenders liable such Offender, after having been punished by this Act, shall not for the same Offence be afterwards puto

double Pu nifiled or be liable to be punished by any such former Law. rulhrocnt, 1

For want of Distress, Offender to be committed.

Convictions to lie certified to ijie Quarter sessions,

; n the Form following.

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo iioiio Georgii II. c. 3^ 32. 705

CAP. XXXI.

An act to enable Infants, Lunatics and Femes Covert to surrender Leases in order to

renew the same.

WHEREAS diverse Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments have been, and may be, grantedj?'ra{rpwifi

by Lease for the Life of one or more Person or Persons, or for Terms of Years absolute, or de ii 'ft. 8.

terminable upon the Death of one or more Person or Persons or otherwise: whereas in order to r. II '

obtain a Renewal of such Leases, it is in many Cases necessary to surrender up the Estates thereby 3*// 8- r 'granted; which Surrenders cannot be effectually made by Persons under the Age of twenty-one Years,

nor Lunatics, nor by Femes Covert without levying a Fine, to the manifest Detriment of them and & 20.

their Families Be it therefore enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice !4 el'k cu and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, % eriz. 6. and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases where any Person under the Age of twenty-one 43 Mix. C 9". Years, or any Lunatic or Feme Covert, is or shall become interested in or entitled to any Lease or Guardians, C Leases made or granted, or to be made.or granted, by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate of Minor, 'lu or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, for the Life or Lives of one or more Person or Persons, or for any !ticks 3ndo Term of Years, either absolute or determinable upon the Death of one or more Person or Persons or ^orde^o tlis otherwise, it shall and may be lawful for such Person under the Age of twenty-one Years, or for his or surrender and her Guardian or Guardians, or other Person or Persons, on his or her Behalf, and for such Lunatic, ^eilewal 01

or his or her Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees of the Estate, or other Person or Per ea 's> fons on his or her Behalf, and for such Feme Covert, or any other Person or Persons on her Behalf, to may apply to tii? apply to the high Court of Chancery of Great Britain, the Court of Exchequer, the Courts of Equity ce°7&c. iifa" " of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, or the Courts of Great Session of the Prin amm.lry Way; cipality of jfales reflectively, by Petition or Motion, in a summary Way, and by the Order and Direction of the said Courts respectively made, upon hearing all Parties concerned, such Person under the and by Order Age of twenty-one Years, and such Lunatic, or Person or Persons appointed by the said Courts re oi Court' ipectively, and also such Feme Covert, by Deed or Deeds only, without levying any Fine, shall and may surrender may be enabled, from Time to Time, to surrender such Lease or Leases, and accept and take,

Name, and for the Benent of such Person under the Age of twenty-one Years, or Lunatic, or Feme new the same. Covert, one or more new Lease or Leases of the Premitles comprised in such Lease or Leases surrendered as the Court by virtue of this Act, for and during such Number of Lives, or for such Term or Terms of Years, de shall clireis terminable upon such Number of Lives, or for such Term or Terms of Years absolute, as was or were

mentioned or contained in such Lease or Leases so surrendered, at the making thereof respectively, or otherwise as the said Courts shall respectively direct.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum and Sums of Mo fineandcharpn neyyand other conf.deration, paid or advanced by any such Guardian, Trustee, Committee or other Ren", 1" tove Personas, and for a Fine or income, or in the Nature of a Fine or Income, for or on account of charged on the the Renewal of any such Lease or Leases, and all reasonable Charges incident thereto, shall, be paid ffti'?! Shout of the Etlate or Effects of the Infant or Lunatic for whose Benefit the said Lease or Leases shall ircttres's the' be renewed, or shall be a Charge and Encumbrance upon the Leasehold Premises, together with Interest couruhall di for the same, as the said Courts respectively shall direct and determine; and as for and concerning Leases pj^e'for Femss to be made upon Surrenders by Femes Covert, unless the Fine or Consideration of such Lease, and the covert "to Ihe* reasonable Charges, shall be otherwise paid or secured, the same, together with Interest, shall be a Charge charged on the or Encumbrance upon such Leasehold Premises, for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons who Pre

shall advance the same., nu L

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Leases to be so reneyved jew keakes/l0 shall operate, and be to the same Uses, and be liable to the same Trulls, Charges, Encumbrances, 'Dil ufi f as^he'for positions, Devises and Conditions, as the Leases to be, from time to time, surrendered as aforesaid, were iner.'. or would have been subject to, in case such Surrender had not been made; any thing in this or any former Law to the contrary notwithstanding

IV. and be it further enacted and declared, That every such Surrender, and such Lease: Leases Surrender and, granted thereupon, shall be, and be deemed as valid and legal, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Rcnewaioffucij Surrender had been made by and on the Behalf of a Person of fall Age, iane Mind, or not married; anything in this cr.any former Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXII.

An act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament within the Times limited by such Acts respectively, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and concerning the Admissions of Officers and Members of Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, and the filing of Affidavits of Articles of Clerkship.

WHEREAS diverse Persons who on account of their Offices, Places, Employments or Proses (ions, or any other Cause or Occasion, ought to have taken and subscribed the Oaths or 1 lie Assurance respectively appointed to be by such Persons, in and by an Act made in the iirll Year of Vox, .- VII 4 X ' the

706

j Geo. i. C 13.

13 Car.: > C 1. 25 Car. 2. C 2.

30 Car. 2. ft. 2.

Further Time to 28 Nov. i7c<j, allowed to Persons who hare omitted to qualify themselves, as the Laws direct.'

Persons qualifying themselves within the Time recapacitated and indemnified.

Furthey Time allowc^i for pro vidingjand stamping ad m.iirtcns imo

Corporations.

Officer signify itlg his Dtlire to have his admission renewed or

1 till tinned,

a public Meeting to be sum u, oned.

C 32. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

the Reign of his late Majesty King George of glorious Memory (entitled, An AR sir the further Southeast

of hit Majests Person and Government, and the' Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the la'e ' Princcf Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince oj Wales, and his open and Jccrct Abetters;,) cr to have qualified themselves according to an Act made in the their teenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (entitled, An Act for the well governing and regulating Corporations)) to have qualified themselves according to another Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (entitled. An AR Jor preventing the

Dangers which may happen from Popish Recufmts -,) by receiving the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, ' according to the Usage of the Church of England; and making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation therein mentioned -, or according to another Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (entitled, An Act for the more cjferual preserviu? the King's person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament)) ' through ignorance of the Law, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, omitted to take and subscribe the said Oaths and A durance, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such Time, and in such Manner, as in and by the said Acts respectively, or by any other Act of Parliament in that behalf made and provided, is required, whereby they may be in Danger of incurring diverse Penalties and Disabilities:: 'quieting the Minds of his Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any inconveniences that might otherwise happen by Means of such Omidions, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons who shall, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, take and subscribe the said Oaths and Assurance respectively, in such Cases wherein by Law the said Oaths or Assurance ought to have been taken or subscribed, in such Manner and Form, and such Place and Places, as are appointed in and by the said Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty King George, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, made and provided; and also receive the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, according to the Usage of the Church of England, and make and subscribe the said Declaration against Tnansubstantiation, in such Cases wherein the said Sacrament ought to have been received, and the said Declaration ought to have been made and subscribed, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged, from and against: all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Disabilities, incurred or to be incurred, for or by Reason of any former Neglect or Omission of taking or subscribing the said Oaths or Assurance, or receiving the Sacrament, or making or subscribing the said Declaration respectively, according to the abovementioned Acts, or any of them, or any other Act or Acts, is and are and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition as such Person or Persons were before such Neglect or Omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her or themselves. to the abovementioned Acts, and every of them; and that all Acts done or to be done by any such Person or Persons, or by Authority derived from him or them, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity as the same, or any of them, would have been if such Person or Persons had taken the said Oaths or Assurance, and received the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, and made and subscribed the said Declaration respectively, according to the Direction of the said Acts, and every of them; and that such Person or Persons qualifying themselves, in Manner and within the Time appointed by this Act, shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, as effectual as if such Person or Persons had respectively taken the said Oaths and Assurance, and received the Sacrament, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, within tyre Time and in the Manner appointed by the several 'acts before mentioned.

II. And whereas Admifikins of several Members and Officers into Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, which by several Acts of Parliament are directed and required to be damped, may not have been provided, or the same not duly stamped, or may have been lost or millaid; 'Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Relief of such Persons whose Admissions may not have been provided, or not duly stamped as aforesaid, or where the same have been lost or mitlaid, it dial and may lie lawful to and for such Persons, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, to provide, or cause to be provided, Admissions duly stamped; and such Persons so providing Admissions duly stamped as aforesaid, are and shall be hereby confipfied and qualified to act as Member or Members, Officer or Officers, of such. Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns respectively, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall and may hold, enjoy and execute the same, or any other Office or Offices into which he or they, have or hath been elected, notwithstanding his or their Omission, or the Omission of any of their piede ceftors, in such Cities, Corporations or Borough Towns as aforesaid, and, shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Forfeitures, Penalties and Damages, by reason of any such Omission; none of his or their Acts shall be questioned or avoided for or by reason of the same.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any Member or Members, Officer or Officers of any City, Corporation or Borough Townhall desire to have his or their respective Admissions renewed or confirmed in Manner aforesaid, the Mayor or other.chief Magistrate of such Ciry, Corporation or Borough Townhall, and he is hereby required, in every such Cale, upon Notice given to him by any one or more Member or Members of such respee five City, Corpoitition or Rorough Town, to summon a Hall, Common Council, or other proper publick Meeting, within six Days after such Not e. given to him, for the Purposo of admitting or granting Copies, and Confirming the Admissions of such Person or Persons as aforesaid.

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 33. 707

IV. And whereas diverse Persons, through Mistake, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, to the Prejudice of Infants and others, have omitted to cause Affidavits to be made and filed in the proper Offices, of the actual Execution of several 'contracts in Writing to serve as Clerks to Attorneys and.

Solicitors, within the Time limited and expressed by an Act passed in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, whereby many Persons may be in Danger of incurring the Disabilities in the said Act mentioned; 'Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Per Further tim r fons who have omitted to cause such Affidavits to be made and filed as aforesaid, and who shall on or be allowed for the fore the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, cause one or more [r, ak/v«i|nd h' Affidavit or Affidavits to be made and filed in such Manner as directed by the said Act, shall be, jf&eexecution and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Inca ofcontrafts o pacifies and Disabilities in the said Act mentioned, incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of pjjforiinhere' any Neglect or Omission in causing such Affidavit or Affidavits to be made and filed according to upon recapadu. the Direction of the said Act; and such Affidavit or Affidavits so to be made and filed as aforesaid, ted r.nd indsna shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been made and riled within the Time mfted' limited by the said Act.

V. Provided always, That this Actor anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed offices. C alto extend, to restore cr entitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employment, Benefice, Mat readvavoided by ter or Thing whatsoever, already actually avoided, by Judgement of any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, or already filled up or enjoyed by any other Person; such Office, Employment, Benefice, cepted.'Matter or Thing so avoided, or filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or are now entitled to the same, as jf this Act had never been made.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages; and also an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein; and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in case of the Payment of the Workmens Wages in any ocher Manner than in Money.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King ngeo. i. C 34. George, intituled, An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for the better Payment of their Wages, it is enacted, That if any Clo hier, Serge

Woollen or Worsted stun maker, or Person concerned in making any Woollen Clothes,

Serges or Sturts, or any ways concerned in employing wool combers, Wearers, or other Labour ers in the Woollen Manufactures, shall pay any Person or Persons employed by them their Wages,

or other Price agreed on, or any Part thereof, either in Goods or by way of Truck, or in any other Manner than in Money, "every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds

And whereas several Preventions have been carried on against Offenders for Offences committed in Breach of the said Act, in Manner therein prescribed, but the Trials thereupon have been removed by Certiorari into some 01 one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at we/lminfer, and such Prosecutions have been dropped upon account of the Expense of carrying them on: And whereas by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Re, j. C f gulation of the Woollen Manufactures, and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein

and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeitures appointed by an Act of the twelfth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, in caje of the Payment of the Workmens Wages in any other Marnier than in Mo

it is enacted, That every Maker ot mixed, medley or white Broad doth shall satisfy and pay the Weaver or Weavers employed by such Maker in or about the Weaving the same, accord

ing to the Numbtr of Yards that the said Chains are laid on the Warping Bars, and not other

wise, on Pain of forfeiting and paying for every Offence, contrary to the true Meaning tlrtrcof, the Sum of five Pounds: And whereas by reason of the Smallness of the said Penalties, and the expen

five Manner of recovering thereof, and the Want of proper Powers to regulate the Wages to be

paid to Weavers, the good Purposes intended by the said Acts have been no ways amvvered: '

For Remedy whereof, may it please your majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, anil Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Justices at the from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, it shall be iviidiaeimasscf lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at any of their General or Quarter sessions held next of

after Michaelmas yearly, to make Rates for the Payment of Wages to Weavers and others employ Labour yearly, ed in the Woollen Manufactures, according to the Number of \ ards that die Chains are laid upon rlh elme h the Warping Bars, and not otherwise, which Rates shall continue for one Year from the making repair dis thereof; and the said Justices shall yearly, in their said General or Quarter sessions _ con 3°*«tinne such Rates for another Year, or alter them in such Manner as they shall think fit; a ' observing the Directions of the said Act for that Purpose as aforesaid; it any Maker oi

X 2 mixeik,

7'o8 C 34.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

mixed, medley or white Broad Cloth shall not pay to the Weaver or Weavers employed by such

Matter not con maker, according to such Rates, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five forming, forfeits p0ljnds>*"

Rates to be af

II. Provided always, That such Justices flrall yearly order and dircd that the Rates so made shall, within twenty Days alter making thereof, be (ixed upon all the Church Doors and Chapel Doors within their respective Jurisdictions, by the High Constables, Petty Constables or other Peace Officers, in Manner as the said Justices shall think fit.

III. And be it further eriaded, That if any Clothier, serge maker, Woollen dr Worded stuff maker,

Worded or Woollen Yarn stocking maker, or Person concerned in making any Woollen Clothes, anyot er an gerges5 Stuffs, Worded or Woollen Yarn Stockings, or any other Person any ways concerned for him

fixed upon the Church Doors, C '

Matters paying Workmen in

ncy, forfeit.iot. self or another in employing Weavers, Combers of Jersey or Wool, Worded Combers, Spinners, Knitters or other Labourers in the Woollen Manufactures, shall pay or cause to be paid to any Person or Persons employed by hint or them, his or their Wages, or other Price agreed on, or any Part thereof, either in Goods or by way of Truck, Bill or Note, or in any other Manner, than in Money, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; '1

Penalties and

IV. And be it further enacted, That the respective, Penalties and Forfeitures incurred and made pay forfeitures, how able by this Act, may be recovered by Action of Debt by any Person who shall sue for the same, or andapplied.r£ may hvied upon Conviction before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence is committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, in case the same be not paid within fourteen Days after such Conviction, by Didress and Sale of the Goods of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices (which Warrant or Warrants such Justices are hereby authorised to grant. For want of Di and to administer such Oath or Oaths) returning the Overplus, if any be, after all Charges paid; and to be commit or want f Efficient Didress, the said Justices shall commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of ted, e C Correction for any Time not exceeding three Months, or until Satisfaction shall be made by the Parties

offending.

Application of V. Provided always, That if any of the Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid be levied upon Conviction convfflion^be before the Justices of the Peace, one Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Poor of the Parish where the fore the Justices. Offence was committed, and the other Moiety to the Informer.

None maybe

VI. Provided also, That in case any Action of Debt shall be brought against any Person for any of sued both Ways the Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid, such Person shall not be liable to any Conviction before the

for the f -

fenceifarne ju^ces ie Peace for the same Offence, ^whereby such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be

in

Persons aggrieved by Order of Justices may appeal to next Quarter sef

curred and made payable; nor in case of Information laid before the Justices, and Conviction thereon, shall the Person offending be liable to an Action of Debt for the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred and made payable by the same Offence, for which such Person hath been confided before the Justices.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by any Order of such Justices, to appeal to 'the jgext General or Quarter sessions to be held for the County, Division or Riding, where such Order shall be made; such Person or Persons so appealing, having first entered into a Recognisance with fuf

imoskecocnins hc ent Security before such Justices, to prosecute and abide by the Order or Orders that shall be made xlnce^and giv on such Appeal, and giving eight Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal to the Party or Parties in mgeightdays whose Favour such Order hath been made; and the Justices in their General or Quarter sessions are Nonce. hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and to make such Order,

and to award such Cods and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and Order of justices to levy by their Order or Warrants such Cods and Damages so awarded, by Didress and Sale of the to be binding. Goods and Chattles of any Person or Persons who shall refuse to pay the same; and for want of sufficient Didress, to commit the Party or Parties to the common Gaol of the said County, Division or Riding for any Time not exceeding three Months, or until Satisfaction shall be made by the Party or Parties offending; and such Award or Order of the said Justices at their General or Quarter sessions Proceedings not shall be final; and no Proceedings of any such Justice or Justices out of Sessions, or of the Justices in to i, o removed their said General or Quarter sessions, in pursuance of this Act, shall be liable lo be removed by Certiorari or other Form orrrocefs of Law'; anything in this Act or in any other Act or Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding., J V '

VIII. Provided always, That all Prosecutions for Offences against this Act shall be commenced within three Months next after the Offence committed, and not afterwards. -

see farther. 30 Geo. 2. c. 12.

CAP. XXXIV T

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning Ins

majesty's Navy.

WHEREAS the unwarrantable Hostilities begun by the "French, have necessarily engaged his Majesty in actual War with the French King in Defence of his Siibjeds, and the Rights' and Possedions of his Crown: And whereas his Majesty has been pleased to notify the same by Proclamation, and a public Declaration thereof, on the seventeenth Day of May in the Year of our Lord

one

to he removed by Certiorari.

Limitation of prosecutions.

Concerning Woollen manufactures

r Laws soar r to

ft,

f23*

w. 3.

f n7

C 33.

r. 41, 2 Ann. C 6. 4 5 Ann. C 19. lo Ann. C ij. 1 Geo. 1. c. 25. S Geo. 1. c. 24. 1 Geo. 2. ft. 1. C 9. 1 Geo. 2. c. 14.

if 36. 6 Geo. 2. c. 25. 8 Geo. 2. c. 29. 11 Geo. 2. c. 30. i^Geo. 2. C 3, & 17. 14 Geo. 2. c. 38, 17 Geo. 2. c. 34. 18 Geo. 2. c. 31.

22 Geo. a. C 52. 24 Geo. 2. c 47. 28 Geo. 2. c. 16. V

A.D. 1, 756*

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

C 34. 709

one thousand seven hundred and fiftytfix Now for the better carrying on the said War with Vigour, and for the Encouragement of the officers and Seamen of his Majesty's Ships of War, and the (.'flrf cers and Seamen of all other British Ships and Vessels, having Commissions and Letters of Marcjue, and for inducing all british.seamen, who may be in any foreign Service, to return into this Kingdom, and become serviceable to his Majesty; for the more effectual securing and extending the Trade of his Majesty's Subjects y Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Flag Officers, Commanders and other officers, Seamen,

Marines and Soldiers, on Board every Ship and vessel of War in his Majesty's Pay, shall have the sole Prizes made by Interest and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods and Merchandizes which they shall tht!4jj?s.s slips take, from and after the seventeenth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred Jween the eap" and fifty six, during the Continuance of this War against France (being first adjudged lawful Prize in tors, any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's Plantations in America or elsewhere)'to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner, as his Majesty, his Heirs and uonshisma'^fty Successors, shall think fit to order and direct by Proclamation or Proclamations hereafter to be issued for mall orderty 7 those Purposes" "'

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Bri Admiralty to if taitiy or the Commissioners for"executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the time fuecommissions being) or any three or more of them, or any Person or Persons by him or them empowered and ap jiointed, shall, at the Request of any Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, giving such Bail and usual stcurityt Security as have been usually taken upon granting Commissions, or Letters of Mark (except only for the Payment of the Tenths of the Value of Prizes which shall be taken to the Lord High Ad mi by

ral, or Commissioners fer executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being) cause, to be 1* cs'

issued forth, in the usual Manner, one or more Commission or Commissions to any Person or Persons whom such Owner or Owners shall nominate to, be commander; or in', case of Death, successively. Commanders of such Ship or Vessel, for the attacking, surprising, seizing and taking, by and with such Ship or Vessel, or with the Crew thereof, any Place or Fortress upon the Land, or any Ship or Vessel, Goods, Ammunition, Arms, stores.of War or Merchandise belonging to, or possessed by, any of his Majesty's Enemies, in any Sea, Creek, Haven or River; and that such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods and Merchandise whatsoever, with all their Fur. Tackle or Apparel To to be taken by or, with such' private, Owner or Owners Ship or Vessel, act Prizes to be rfl cording to such Commission and Commissions (being first adjudged lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's.

Courts of Admiralty as aforesaid) shall wholly and entirely belong to and be divided between and tween"ownm among the Owner and Owners of such Ship of Vessel, and the several Persons which Avail be on Board and chptore. rlie Tame, and be aiding and assisting to the taking thereof, in such Sharis and Proportions as shall be agreed on with the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel as shall be the Captor thereof, their Agents' of Factors, as, the proper Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, and the Persons dial

spever, other than the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel the Captor of fitch' Prize, Ship', dr Vessel, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, goods. and Merchandizes, and the'. persons rfe airning under him or them, shall be entitled to any Part or Share thereof (except as to the Customs and Duties hereafter mentioned) any Custom, Statute or other Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And for the more speeoy proceeding to Condemnation, or other Determination or any Prize,

Ship or Vessel, Goods or Merchandizes already taken, or hereafter to be taken as aforesaid, and for lessening of the Expenses that have been usual, in the like Cases, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Judge; or judges of such Court of Admiralty, 'or other Person of "Persons thereto judge to fcrutt authorised, shall, 'within the Space of five Days after Request to him or them for that Purpose made, the preparatory finish the usual preparatory Examination of tbie persons.commonly examined in such Cases, in otder to withltfpe'a to" prove the Capture to be lawful Prize, or to inquire whether the lame be lawful Prize or not; and captures, wi h that the proper Monition usual in such Cases, shall be issued by the Person or Persons proper to issue in five Days, the same, and shall be executed in the usual Manner by the Person or Persons' proper to execute, the monition to be same, within the space of three Days after, Request in that Behalf made; and in case no claim of such issued and exe^Capture, Ship, Vessel or Goods shall be.'duly, 'entered or made/i'ri the usual) Form, and yttest.ed upon p^tm* 3 Oath, giving..twenty Days, Notice, after the Execution of such Monition; oris ffiere be such Claim, 'aaa. er' and the Claimant - or, Claimants' shall not within five, Days bive. sufficient Security (to by approved omf no clsi.m bd. by such Court of admiralty).to' pa y double' Costs to the Captor or/captofs of such Ship, Veflehor nnlted' rhyme, 3. G >ods, in case the same so claimed shall be adjudged lawful prizethat th in' fire judge, or judges of such Court of Admiralty shall, upon, producing to him, or them the said e^amiijation s', or, Copies b^th^cufmac"

thereof, be

V were the Judge to

treof, and upon producing to hint or them, upon Oath, 'all Papers and Writings which shall have en found, taken iti or with such Capture; or; ppon Oath rfiade that no such papers or jvritingj we.ft found, immediately', ., and without further Delay, p^bfceed', to) Sehfefice, either to 'dilchafge and acquit pr*«ctly$en such Capture, or to adjudge..and condemn 'the same, a, latrful Puz'e; 'according as jlve case shall appear j, e en

td him, or them upon perulal of such pt^paratbry.examinations/; and also ot' the.mtlier, ljfttmentioned tpred, anjrse. e papers and Writings found, taken in of with' iuck Capture, if any such papers'/m/writings'.. dial) Be found.; and in case, such Claim shall be duly entered ojt' made, 'ahdffiecurify given thereupon, -, according nean^dc'e tii so the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, anil there shall appear no Ocesfion 'to examine any Wit natijn to bs' ncfl.es, other titan what shall be then near to such Court of Admiralty, that then such Judge or Judges made wmub tar

shall P'YS; ".

io 34-

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

Judje to order lie Capture o be iippraised,

m.d. the Goods to be unloaded and lodged in Warehouses, and; ttr Inventory taken,

and upon Security for full Value taken of the Claimant,

shall forthwith cause fudi Witnesses to be examined within the Space of ten Days after such Claim made and Security given, and proceed to such Sentence as aforesaid, touching such Capture; burin case upon making or entering such Claim, and the Allegation and Oath thereupon, or the producing If the legality of such Papers or Writings as shall have been found or taken in or with such Capture, or upon the said the Capture ap p^paratory Examinations, it Ural) appear doubtful to the Judge or Judges of such Court of Admiralty, amfthe Parties whether such Capture be lawful Prize or not; and it shall appear necessary, according to the circum peifirt in litiga (lances of the Case, for the clearing and determining such Doubt, to have an Examination, upon plead ings given in by the parties, and admitted by the Judge, of Witnesses that are remote from such Court of Admiralty, and such Examination shall be desired, and that it be dill infilled on, on Behalf of the Captors, that the said Capture is lawful Prize, and the contrary be Hill perilled in on the Claimants Behalf; that then the said Judge or Judges shall forthwith cause such Capture to be appraised by persons to be named by the Parties, and appointed by the Court, and sworn truly to appraise the same according to the Bell of their Skill and Knowledge; for which Purpose the said Judge or Judges shall can e the Goods found on Board to be unladen, and an Inventory thereof being first taken by the Martha] of the Admiralty or his Deputy, shall cause them to be put into proper Warehouses, with separate' Locks of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs; where there is no Comptroller, of the Naval Officer; and the Agents or Persons employed by the Captors and Claimants, at the Charge of tyre Party or Parties detiring the same; and shall after such Appraisement made, and within the Space of fourteen Days after the making of such Claim, proceed to take good and sufficient Security from the Claimants, to pay the Captors the full Value thereof according to such Appraisement, in cate the same shall be adjudged lawful Prize; and shall also proceed to take good and sufficient Security from and for colts"of'ie Captors, to pay such Coifs as the Court shall think proper, in Case such Ship shall not be con thecaptos, demnea as lawful Prize; and after such securities.duly given, the said Judge or Judges shall make an to make Order interlocutory Order for releasing or delivering the same to such Claimant or Claimants, or his or their Capture to Agents, and the same shall be actually released or delivered accordingly.

claim.nt.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Claimant or Claimants

claimant re flla|] refuse to give such Security, the Judge or Judges shall cause the Captor or Captors in like man for giving tkch' ner to S've good and sufficient Security, to be approved of by the Claimant or Claimants, to pay the security, 5 said Claimant or Claimants the full Value thereof, according to the Appraisement, in case any such ^d^vr'sem Capture or Captures shall be adjudged not to be lawful Prize'; and the said Judge or Judges shall wiiy om 'rizvto thereupon proceed to make an interlocutory Order for the releasing and delivering thq. same to the said' Captor. Captor or Captors, or their Agents.'

Captures made

V And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Captures as aforesaid, which

in America, to shall be brought into any of his Majesty V Colonies or Plantations in America, shall, without breaking vnt carj'of the Bulk, (tay there, and be under the joint Care and Custody of the Collector and Comptroller of the twicers*0! the Customs, or where there is no Comptroller, of the Naval Officers of the Port or Place where the same shall

Outturns and be brought, and all the Captors thereof, and their Agents; subject to the Directions of the Court of

condemned or Admiralty, until either the same shall by final Sentence have been either CL caret! and discharged, or acquitted there, adjudged and condemned as lawful Prize; or that such interlocutory Order as aforesaid, shall, have been upon Condem made for the releasing or delivering of the same; and upon the Condemnation or Adjudication thereof nation, 1'rize to as lawful. Prize, shall, in case the lame were taken by any such private Ship or Ships commissioned as be delivered to aforesaid be immediately delivered unto the Captors thereof, anil their Agents, to be by them disposed tiecaptois, 0l. as tjjcjr Goods and Chattels; and in case the same were taken by any of his Majesty's Ships of

War, unto such Person or Persons, and to be so divided and disposed of, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors shall, by Proclamation or Proclamations hereafter to be issued for those Purposes, order and direct' '

or other

VI. And be it further cnaeled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Judge or Judges, or other

s£ceu!"ta3e' or Officers, in any of his, majesty's Plantations or Dominions abroad, to whom respectively it

negiesoruelay, shall appertain, shall delay the.doing, performing, making or pronouncing any of the several Proceedings, Matters or Things, for, towards or relating to condemning or discharging, releasing or delivering of any such Capture in Manner aforesaid, within the respective Times herein before limited, or as soon as the same or any of them, ought to be done, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, all and every such Judge and Judges, and other Officer and Officers, shall for even such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to such Person or Persons who dial] inform or sue for the same, in any of the Courts, in or for any of his Majesty's said Colonies or Plantations, or in any of his, majesty's Courts of Record within his Kingdom of Great Britan. Fees of Cmnt on

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall not be paid unto Condemnation or among all the Judges and Officers of such Court of Admiralty in any of his Majesty's Plantations or Dominions abroad, for, towards or relating to the adjudging or condemning of such Capture as aforesaid, as lawful Prize, above the Sum of ten Pounds, in case such Prize, Ship or Vessel, be under

the Bui then of one hundred Tonnes; nor above the Sum of fifteen Pounds, in case the same be of that

or any greater Bui then; and that upon Payment of either of the said respective Sums, as the Case shall require, to the said Judge or Judges, or any of them, to be by him or them disposed or divided, as he Upon Payment or they shall th nk fit, among the Officers of such Court, such Judges and Officers, and every of them,

7* uefoffi shall be liable to all and every the several Penalties hereby imposed, for neglecting or delaying to do and

liable w the Cer' perform their several and respective Duties or Offices in and relating to the several Proceedings aforesaid, above Penalties within the respective Times herein for that Purpose limited.

lor Neglect or - VIII

Delay of Duty.

forfeits 500 J. with Certs.

o. Prizes in America;

for Vessels under 100 Tonnes, in 1. for all above, 151.

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

C 34*

711

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if Judgement of any Captor or Captors, Claimant or Claimants, shall not rest satisfied with the Sentence given in such Court of Admiralty in any of his Majesty's Plantations or Dominions abroad, it shall and may be law from, full for the Parry or Parties thereby aggrieved to appeal from the Paid Court of Admiralty, to the commissioner appointed, or to be appointed, under the Great Seal ot Great Britain, for receiving, hearing and determining Appeals in Causes of Prizes; such Appeal to be allowed in the like Manner as Ap Appeal to be peals to such Commissioners are now allowed from the Court of Admiralty within this Kingdom; so made within 14 as the same be made within fourteen Days after Sentence, and good Security be likewise given by the j^cseafted eci, Appellant or Appellants, that he or they will effectually prosecute such Appeal, and answer tive Con curuy to be* demnation, and also pay treble Qofts, as shall be awarded, in case the Sentence of such Court of given to prose admiralty be affirmed; anything in this act before contained to the contrary hereof in any wise &ctethe<ame' notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, That the Execution of any Sentence so appealed from as aforesaid, shall not be Execution of suspended by reason of such Appeal, in case the Party or Parties appellate shall give sufficient Security, he suspended'^f to be approved of by the Court in which such Sentence shall be given, to restore the Ship, veil'd, the Appdiue Goods or Effects, concerning which such Sentence shall be pronounced, or the full Value thereof, givesecurity. to the Appellant or Appellants, in case the Sentence so appealed from shall be reversed.

X. And be it enacted, That in case any perl'on, who was not a Party in the first Instance of ^erson whjfr

the Cause, shall interpose an Appeal from a Sentence given in any Admiralty Court, such Person, ^he°firn lor his or her Agent shall, at the same Time, enter his or her Claim, otherwise such Appeal shall fiance, inter be null and void. poling an Ap

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commander or Command fe^iischim." ers, Officer or Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers or others, shall break Bulk on Board, or imbezii

any of the Money, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandise, Tackle, Furniture or Apparel of cr belong or "

ing to such Prize or Prizes so taken, such Commander, Officer, Seaman, Marine, Soldier or others, imbeziling Ef shall forfeit treble the Value of all such Money, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandise, Tackle, fumi ture or Apparel, as he or they shall imbezil; one third Part thereof to be to the Use of Greenwich Hof one thinuo pital, and the other two third parts thereor to him or them that will sue for the same by action of Greenwich Debt, Plaint or Information in any Court of Record in Great Britain; in which no eltoin, Protection 7hcefpltaj, 'or'd or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed. two to the Pro

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Appraisements and Sales of fecutor. any Ship or Ships, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, as shall be taken by any of his Majesty's Ships

of War, shall be made by Agents or Persons nominated and appointed in equal Numbers by the Flag pn2esajj>en by officers or Flag Officer, Captains or Captain, Officers or Officer, Ships Companies or ship's com the King's pany, and others entitled thereunto (that is to say) That if the Flag Officers or Flag Officer of any £ha'^, b°^he Fleet or Squadron of Ships as shall take any such Prize or Prizes (or the Majority of such Flag Of Seems to" " ficers, if more than one) shall nominate and appoint one or more Person or Persons Agent or Agents, Officers and to sell or appraise the same as aforesaid, then the Captains and Commanders or Captain and Commander sre"?'t entitled thereunto, or the Majority of them (if more than one) shall nominate and appoint the like Num concerning o her of Persons or Agents to act for them; and all the other Officers under the Degree of a Captain and Agents. Commander entitled thereto, or the major Part of them, shall also nominate and appoint the like Number of Persons or Agents to act for them; and all die Crews of the several Ships Companies of the Fleet or Squadron, or ship's Company and others entitled thereto, or the major Part of them, shall likewise nominate and appoint the same Number of Persons or Agents to act on their Behalf in such ap praisement or Sale.

XIII. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend, cr be construed to alter or make void not»extt nct any Agreement or Agreements made or to be made in Writing between the Owners, Officers and Sea £0 1vmtcet4 men of any private Ships or Vessels of War.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons £sentjf° ch

who shall be so nominated and appointed Agent or Agents as aforesaid for any Prize or Prizes taken by theirleuls of any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels of War, cr by any Merchant Ship or Ships employed in his Ma Attorney in the jesty's Service, or having Letters of Mark, or for receiving the Bounty herein after granted, and.

which Prize or Prizes shall be condemned in the High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in any h^omte^r.sdj. of the Courts of Admiralty in any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, or in any other his Majesty's on Penalty of Dominions, or elsewhere, where the said Prize and Prizes, and every of them, shall be condemned, shall exhibit and cause to be registered in the said High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in the respective Courts of Admiralty in America, or in any other his Majesty's Dominions, or elsewhere, where the said Prize and Prizes, and every of them, shall be condemned, his or their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney appointing him or them Agent or Agents for the Purposes aforesaid; if any Person or Persons so appointed Agent or Agents as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do for the Space of LIX Calendar Months next after Sentence of Condemnation of any Prize shall be given in the said High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in America, or other his Majesty's Dominions, for the Care and Dillribuiion of which he or they shall be appointed Agent or Agents, such Person or Perons so refilling or neglecting shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by him or them who shall fie or the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any Court of Record in Great Britain, America or in any other of his Majesty's Domi

Fifoin, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance

5001.

ttions, or elsewhere; in which no lifjoin, Hull be allowed.

XV

712 G. 34*

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 17^6.

Prise Ships condemned, to be, considered as British built Ships.

Agent appoint

XV. Provided always, That if any Agent or Agents shall be appointed, after the Time any sen demnatioirto tence f Condemnation in any of the said Courts of Admiralty shall be given, such. Agent or Agents reguter his Let shall, under the aforesaid Penalty, register or cause to be registered in Manner aforesaid, his or ters of Attorney their respective Letters or Letter of Attorney, appointing him or them' Agent or Agents as afore an jikemanner, within the Space of six Calendar Months after the Date, of the Lid Letter or Letters of

Attorney.

Agents to give

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Sale or Sales of such

Notice of the Prize or Prizes, as shall be taken from the Enemy by any of his Majesty's ..Ships: of War, public iorpavment1'7 Notification shall be given, by the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, of the Day. appointed for the shares. the Payment, of the several Shares - to the Captors aforesaid; after, which public Notification, if any r, f Mens Shares shall remain in the Hands of the Persons cr agents appointed as aforesaid, either belong tvicn7andch ing to such Men as shall be run from his Majesty's Service, or which shall not be legally demanded as shall not be within three Years, 'then such Share or Shares so remaining in the persons or Agents Hands, or beta myearf To by l°nging tc>' such men as shall run from his Majesty's Service, shall.go and be paid to the Use of green pa&lto Greenewich Hospital.

which Hospital.

XVII. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing here prize Goods not m contained shall extend, or be construed to extend or exempt any Ships, Goods, Wares, or mer exempted from eliandize already taken, and which shall be taken as Prize, and brought or imported into this Kingdom, c'uiio.us. or any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, from the Payment of any Customs or Duties, or from being subject to such restrictions and Regulations to which the same now are or shall hereafter be liable by virtue of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XVIII. and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Prize Ships or vessels which shall be legally condemned, shall to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever be considered as British built Ships or vessels, and be deemed and taken as such, and shall be entitled to have and enjoy all and every the same Rights, Liberties, Privileges and Advantages, in all respects whatsoever. with British built Ships or vessels, and shall be subject and liable to all and every the Rules and Regulations that British built Ships or vessels are subject and liable to; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.'

zz Car. 2, CI 8. '

XIX. And whereas by a Clause in an act of Parliament passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of

§ 8. ' King Charles the Second, entitled, An act for the encouraging anidncreajing of Shipping and Naviget

*tion, it is enacted, That no Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of

Mufeovy, or of any the Countries, Dominions or Territories to the Great Duke or Emperor of muji <"'croy, or rujjiabelonging; as also that no Sorts of Mails, Timber or Boards, no foreign Salt, Pitch,

; ' Tar, Rosin, hemp or Flax, Raisins, Figs, Prunes, Olive Oils, no Sort of Corn or Grain, Sugar, Pot

Ashes, 1 Wines', Vinegar, or Spirits called Aqua Vita or Brandy wine, should, from and after the first Day of April Which' Was in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty one, he imported into England; Ireland, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any Ship or Ships, Vessel or vessels whatsoever, but in such as do truly and without Fraud belong to: the People thereof, or some of theirjp as the true Owners and Proprietors thereof, and whereof the Master and three Fourths of the mariners at least are english, and that no Currans, nor Commodities of the Growth, Product 6 or Manufacture of any of the Countries, Islands, Dominions or Territories to the othornan or Turkish Empire belonging, Should, from and after the first Day ef 'September which was in the Year of out

Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty one, be imported into any of the forementioned Places in

any Ship or Vessel but which is of English Built, and navigated as aforesaid, and in no other, except only such foreign Ships and vessels as are of the Built of that Country or Place of which the said Goods are the Growth, Production or Manufacture respectively, or of such Port where the said Goods can only be, or moult usually are first shipped for Transportation, and whereof the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners at least are of the said Country or Place, under: the penalty and Forfeiture of Ship and Goods: And whereas the selling of British built Ships to Foreigners is a beneficial Branch

of Trade, and ought therefore to be encouraged, and it is highly reasonable that British Ships so sold

to, or being the Property of Foreigners, Should enjoy the lame Privilege in these Kingdoms, as it e they were of the built of the respective Countries cr Places, from whence such uships do comenow be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said seventeenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, and during the present War with France, and no longer, the said recited Clause, in the said Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, shall not extend or be construed to extend to hinder or prevent any Person or Persons Whatsoever from

Veflcts, of the importing' into the Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, any of the Goods or Merchandizes men s°ti«frdn, lfo> as l'°ned and expressed in the aforesaid Clause, in Shipping built in Great Britain, Ireland, the [(lands of such ships are Guernsey or Jersey, or in any of the Lands, 'Islands, Dominions and Territories to his Majesty in

navigated as Africa, Aftci or America belonging, or in his Possession; so as the Master and three Fourths of the Ma

he.em directed. r; ners at least, belonging to and navigating any such Ship or Vessel, are British, or of the same Country or Place of which the said Goods are the Growth, Production and Manufactures respectively, and not otherwise..

XX. Provided always, That all Goods and Merchandizes imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in sh p.s., being the Ships belonging to, and the Property of Foreigners, although British built, shall pay Aliens and all Property ot Soother Duties, in the same Manner as if such Ships were Foreign built.

Alfeiis dutypay

XXI. And asa further Encouragement to the Officers, ixeamen, Marines, Soldiers and others on _ ..ns y. j}oanj hjg Majesty's Ships of War, as also of Privateers, to attack, take and destroy any Ships of Force

belonging to the Enemy; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid by the

Treasurer

The recited Clause not to prohibit the Importation in British bo i f

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

C 34- 713

Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, upon Bills to be made forth by the Commissioners of the Navy, to Bounty Money be paid according to the Course thereof, without Fee or Reward, unto the Officers, Seamen, Marines,

Soldiers or others that shall have been actually on Board any of his Majesty's Ship or Ships of War, Navy Office or Privateer or Privateers, in any Action where any Ship or Ships of War or Privateers shall have^al V.0? been taken from the Enemy, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, since his Majesty's Declaration of mse? ship War against France, dated the said seventeenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, war taken or five Pounds for every Man which was living on Board any Ship or Ships so taken, sunk, burnt or destroyed. otherwise destroyed, at the beginning of the Engagement between them; the Numbers of such Men Numbers to to be proved by the Oaths of three or more of the Chief Officers or Men which were belonging ascertained to the said Ship or Ships of War, or Privateers of the Enemy, or belonging to any of them, u, on °ati' at the Time of her or their being taken as Prize, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, before the Mayor, or other Chief Magistrate of the Port within any of his Majesty's Dominions, whereunto any Prize, or Officers or Men of such Ships as were sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed shall be brought, or before the British Consul or Vice Consul, residing at any neutral Port to which such Prize, or Officers or Men shall be brought; which Oaths the said Mayor, or other Chief Magistrate of any such Port, or con full, or Vice Consul, are hereby respectively empowered and required to administevr, and shall forthwith grant a Certificate thereof without Fee or Reward, directed to the Commissioners of the Navy; upon and a Certificate producing which Certificate to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, together with an authentic tfet'g0frunt Copy of the Condemnation of such Ship so taken; or if such Ship be sunk, burnt or otherwise de produce/to tbs. stroyed, on producing only a Certificate from the Mayor, or other Chief Magistrate or Consul, or Vice Commissioners Consul as aforesaid, the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, or such Person or Persons as they tt£e, ^av>bf shall appoint for that Purpose, shall, according to the Course of the Navy, within fifteen Days, make ship's condem out Bills for the Amount of such Bounty, directed to the Treasurer of the Navy, payable to, and to nation; unless be divided amongst the Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers on board his Majesty's Ships of War, thejsi3ip bepunk in Manner, Form and Proportion as by his Majesty's Proclamation to be issued for that Purpose shall be Dividend be directed and appointed; and amongst the Owners, Officers and Seamen of any private vessel or Ship made according of War, in such Manner and Proportion as by any Agreement in Writing the y shall have entered into fettied^'pro for that Purpose shall be directed. carnation.

XXII. Provided nevertheless, That in all Cases where such Oath and Certificate cannot be admi Where such

niftered and granted at the first Port whereunto any Prize, or Officers or Men of such Ships as shall oathandcc?r be taken, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed shall be brought, such Oath or Oaths relating to any tificate cannot Prize or Prizes that shall be taken, or to any Ships of his Majesty's Enemies, that shall be sunk, burnt b\th^intport1 or otherwise destroyed as aforesaid, shall and may be administered and taken by and before the Mayor, '

or other Chief Magistrate of any Port within any of his Majesty's Dominions, or by or before the Bri madetnd hacl at tifk Consul or Vice Consul, residing at any Neutral Port whereunto any Prize or Prizes, or Officers or any other Po: t; Men of any Ships belonging to his Majesty's Enemies, as shall be taken, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, shall at any Time afterwards be brought (Proof being first made by Affidavit before such Per Oath being son or Persons of the Inability of making such Oath or Oaths, and obtaining such Certificate, at the of such

said first Port) and the Mayor, or otiier Chief Magistrate, Consul or Vice Consul, shall thereupon^p ie grant such Certificate and Certificates as are herein before directed; which Certificate and Certificates

shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were granted by the Mayor, ^n^there or other Chief magistrate, Consul or Vice Consul of the Port to which such Prize or Prizes, Officers upon to be or Men as aforesaid shall be first brought; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof ip any valid, wise notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bill or Bills to be made out Bills for Bounty

for the Bounty hereby granted to the Commanders, Officers, Seamen, Marines., Soldiers and others p{°dn^' Agents, of his Majesty's Shifis of War, for taking, linking, burning or otherwise destroying any Ships, of War '*'

or Privateers belonging to any of his Majesty's Enemies, shall be made payable to such Person or Persons as shall be authorised and appointed by the Flag Officers or Flag Officer, Captains or Captain,

Officers or Officer, Ships Companies, or ship's Company and others entitled thereunto, in like Mail? ner as herein before is directed for the nominating and appointing Agents for Appraisements and Sales to be made as aforesaid; same to be distributed and divided by the said Person or Persons so au and divided thorized and appointed amongst the Captors, in such Manner, Form and Proportion as aforesaid; amon8ft the several Shares of which Captors, if not legally demanded within three Years after publick Notification, shares not de and also of such as shall run from his Majesty's Service, shall be applied to the Use of Greenwich Hof manded within pita I; and that the Bill or Bills to be made out for the Bounty hereby granted to Privateers for taking, to5'to burning, sinking or otherwise destroying any Ships of War or Privateers belonging to any of his.ma greenwichhof jesty's Enemies, shall be made payable to such Person or Persons as dial] be nominated and appointed pita', by the Owner or Owners, Officers and Seamen of such Privateer or Privateers, who shall have taken, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed fly same, or the major Part of them; to be divided in such Manner he divider! L' and Proportions as shall have been agreed on by them as, aforesaid, agreed.

XXIV. Provided always, and fie it enabled. That if any Ship, Vessel or Boat taken a? Prize, or ships yr Goods any Goods therein, shall appear and bo proved in the Court of Admiralty to have belonged to.any of belonging to lus his Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, or any of the Dominions and Territories remaining .^a^takerfby"

e, which were before taken or ftp prized he Enemy, LX

and

and continuing under his Majesty's Protection and Obedience by any of his Majesty's Enemies, and at any Time afterwards again surprised and retaken from his retaken by the majesty's Enemies by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or any private Man of Warmer other Ship, privateer

Vessel or Boat under his Majesty's Protection and Obedience, that then such Ships, Vessels, Boats and Goods, and every such Part and Parts thereof as aforesaid, formerly belonging to such his Majesty's Vox., VII 4 Y*Subjects,

714 C 34.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

tbbertftored on subjects, shall in all Cases be adjudged to be restored, and shall be by Decree of the said court of 1^'lpro^ortiorfto Admiralty accordingly restored to such former Owner or Owners or Proprietors, he or they paying fof the Time they and in lieu of Salvage, if retaken from the Enemy by one of his Majesty's Ships of War, one eighth wefeia theene part of the true Value of the Ships, Vessels, Boats and Goods respectively so to be restored; which,

mys and Salvage shall be answered and paid to the Captains, Officers and Seamen in the said Man of War, to

be divided in such Manner as before in this Act is directed, touching the Share of Prize, s belonging to the Flag Officers, Captains, Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers, where Prizes are taken by any of his' majesty's Ships of War; and if taken by a Privateer or other Ship, Vessel or Boat, before it

has been in the Possession of the Enemy twenty tour Hours, one eighth Part of the true Value of the said Ships, Vessels, Boats and Goods; and if it has been in the Possession of the Enemy above twenty payinemof sal four Plonrs, and under forty-eight Hours, a fifth Part thereof; and if above forty-eight Hours, and vage to be with under ninety six Hours, a third Part thereof; and if above ninety six Hours, a Moiety thereof; all If the Ship e which Payments to be made to any Privateer or other Ship, Vessel or Boat shall be without any De

taken was fitted

dudfions; and if such Ship so retaken by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or by any private Man out by the Ene of War, shall appear to have been, after the taking by the Enemy, by them set forth as a Man of ofwar1 Owner War, the former Owners and Proprietors, to whom the same shall be restored, shall be adjudged to to pay for Sal pay, and shall pay for Salvage, the full Moiety of the true Value of the said Ship so taken and re vae the Moitty stored, without Deduction as aforesaid; Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. of the Value.,

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship or Vessel, of Ships or Mer any Goods or Merchandise, shall betaken by any Privateer through Consent, or clandestinelyj, or, by iv'co'nuhon by Collusion or Connivance, such Ship and Vessel, and such Goods and Merchandizes, and also the ship's Privateers, Tackle, Furniture, Apparel and Ammunition of such Privateer, shall, upon Proof thereof to be made ma eftd With 'n majesty's Court of Exchequer, or in the Court of Admiralty, be declared and adjudged to be good thcvicndt one Prize to his Majesty; and one Moiety thereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc moietytothe ceflors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person who shall discover and sue for the same; and other to the the bond given by the Captain of such Privateer shall be, and is hereby adjudged to be forfeited to his Prosecutor, e and Majesty; and in case any such Ship or Veiled, or any Goods or Merchandizes as aforesaid, shall be if so taken by a taken by any Man of War, through Consent, chandeftinely, or by Collusion or Connivance of the capfainstopfor e Commander or Captain, such Commander or Captain shall forfeit the Sum of one thousand Pounds; ten ioeol. " one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person who shall discover and sue for the same; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Pri

and be suspend vilege or Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and such Captain or Of

ed for.seven ficer shall forfeit his Command and Employment, and shall be, and is hereby disabled and made inca

ye?rs, pable of any Office or Employment under his Majesty, during the Space of seven Years 5 and the said antjt, es.h!5 Goods and Merchandizes, and the Ship, Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, Guns and Ammunition so fifteen felted. ods for' by Collusion, shall be and is hereby adjudged to be good Prize to his Majesty I, ! '

Menforfeit

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons belonging, their Share of to any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or to any Merchant Ship employed in his Majesty's ty Money un" Service, who shall run away, or withdraw him or themselves from the Ship or Vessel, by which any Prize or Prizes shall be taken from any of his Majesty's Enemies, or otherwise from his Majesty's Service, before or after Notification shall be given by the Persons or Agents appointed as. aforesaid, of the Day appointed for the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors of the said Prize or Prizes, shall have, or be entitled to have, or claim any Interest in, or Benefit of the said Share or Shares of the said Prize or Prizes, or the Bounty Money aforesaid, or any Part thereof; but such Share and Shares of such Prize and Prizes and Bounty Money shall go and be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital.

and if they run,

XXVII. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons shall or do run away, or withdraw him after Notifies or themselves from any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, after Notification given as aforesaid, he or what then re lay ^orfe'l ard lose - Part of his and their Share and Shares of the said Prize or Prizes and

mains of their Bounty Money as shall be remaining in the said Agent or Agents Planets, at the Time, of his and their share in the running away, or withdrawing him or themselves; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary

hands, thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, Agent and Agents, and others who shall sell or otherwise dispose of any Prize or Prizes so to be taken as aforesaid from any of his Majesty's Enemies, shall, within the space of three Calendar Months next after the Day to be appointed for the first Payment or Distribution to the Captors of such Prize or Prizes, made in pursuance of such publick Notification as aforesaid, out and transmit, or deliver unto the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich for the Time being, or to such Person. or Persons as he shall for that Purpose depute or appoint, a true State and Account in Writing, under the Hand or Hands of such Agent or Agents, or person or Persons so employed, of the Produce of all such Prize and Prizes as aforesaid, together with an Account of the Payments of the several Shares to the Captors, as shall then have been really and bona fide by him or them respectively paid; and also that all ard every Person and Persons authorised and appointed by this present Act to receive Bills, for the Bounty hereby granted, shall, within the like Space of throe Calendar Months next after the Day appointed for the first Payment or Distribution of such Bills for the Bounty as aforesaid, in like Manner count of the^make out and transmit, or deliver to the Treasurer, for the Time being, of the said Hospital, or to County Money; ]: js Efficient Deputy, a true State and Account in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, of the "Payment and Distribution of such Bills; and further that all and every Person and Persons, Agents and

others.

to be paid to Greenwich Hospital i

Share in Agents

Agents, within three Months after the Day appointed for first Payment, to transmit to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital an Account of the Produce of such Prize j'and Payments of Shares

1 and also transmit like Ac

A.T.D. 1^56; Anno yicefihi'o.nono Georgii II. c. 34. 715

Others, that by virtue of this Acts 'shall sell or dispofi of any Prize or Prizes, which shall at any Timte br; Times' hereafter be taken from the Paid Enemy, by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or that shall receive or dispose of any Bill or Bills for Bounty, such Person and Persons, Agents and others so selling and disposing thereof, shall, within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the ex and within three piration of the Term of three Years, limited by this Act, make out an exatft Account in Writing of years act«r> t the Produce of such Prize and Prizes, Bill and Bills for Bounty; as also of the Payments of the several oattand tranc shares to the respe<5hve_ Captors, together with a true and just Account upon Oath, to be taken before mitalike Ac 1 the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the Time being, or any other Person or Persons, by. him. for grant of? tile, that Purpose deputed and authorised, in Writing under his Hand and Seal (which Oath the said Trea Payments"^' surer of the said Hospital, and his sufficient Deputy and Deputies authorised as aforesaid, is and are such Prizes and hereby authorised and empowered to a'dminister) of all Sum and Sums of Money as shall be then re Bounty Money, inaining in such Agent or Agents or Persons Custody, Power or Pofkflion, and shall at the same Time and °* ausyms deliver, or cause. to be delivered to the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the Time being, or to his ftif frithrirhahds^ ficient Deputy or Agent, the said Accounts so attested upon Oath as aforesaid, together with all such" "

remaining. Sum and Sums of Money then so left and remaining in his or their Hands as afore (ad, owjfat°the

taking from the said Treasurer, or his proper Deputy or Agent, his or their Acquittance or acquit same Time to tances for the same. t)le(j.ie aru/ rcr

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Person and Persons hereby directed tolle aldho |, lta transmit or deliver all or any the Accounts before mentioned, who shall neglect or refuse to transmit or Asents neglea deliver all or any such Account or Accounts to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or his said Deputy fclh°acccu its or Agent, within the time before limited and appointed, in Manner and Form as is herein before and Payments, mentioned, or who shall neglect or refuse to pay over all and every such Sum and Sums of Money, as to farfot ioo 1. (hair remain in his or their Hand or Hands, Power, Custody or possession, after the Term of three Money then Years, 'to be accounted as aforesaid - for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred in their Hands Pounds, over and above the Money then in such Agents Hands; one third Part whereof shall belong to one Third to the His Majesty, and the remaining two Thirds to the said Royal Hospital, to be recovered with Costs of Kin?, and the Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, in which no eltoin, 'Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance (Kali behopit "allowed..'"

And be it further enacted, That if any Fraud, Collusion or Deceit, shall be wittingly or will if there appear lingly made, used, committed, permitted or done or suffered, in making, (fating or balancing any such f" >hfia jd in Accounts, then every Person or Persons, who shall be thereof duly convicted, and his and their Aiders pecrf^scon ts' and Abettors, thill forfeit and pay for every such Offence, over and above the Penalties and Puniftnnentsccmed to forfeit infliefted by this Atft, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; one Third Part whereof to be to the Use of his Majesty, and one other Third to the Use of the said Hospitalj and the other Third to the Informer th" King, one who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Into the Hospital, formation, in any Court of Record, in which ho Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, orandronethe more than one Imparlance shall be allowed! ro uu 0

XXXI. And whereas good and necessary Laws have been made and are (till in Force within several of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations, in America, for preventing the carrying off from the said Co 4 ionics of Plantations any Servant or Slave without the Consent of the Owner, or the carrying off from

thence any other Person or Persons whatsoever, until such Person shall have taken out his Ticket from the secretary's Office, within such respective Colony or Plantation, in such Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as in and by the said several Laws is declared and provided be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Commanders of private Ships of War, or Privateers fuh

Merchant Ships having Letters of Mark, shall upon their going into any of those Ports or Harbours VS

be subject, and they are hereby determined to be subject to the several Directions, Provisions, Penalties rhes in and Forfeitures in and by such Laws made and provided; anything in this Act contained to the con into thevorts trary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. there

XXXII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to restrain his Ma His Majesty Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from giving such further Rules and Directions to his respective Courts powered to give of Admiralty, for the Adjudication and Condemnation of Prizes, as by his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue ^"courtstf10, ccffors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall be thought necessary or proper. Admiralty.

XXXIII. And whereas in all private Ships of War, or Merchant Ships, that shall take out Letters of Mark, it is expedient for the better Discipline and Government of such Ships, that all Persons who shall enter themselves on Board the said Ships should be under proper Regulations to pay Obe dience to the lawful Commands of the Captains and Chief Commanders of the said Ships Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ail offenc es committed by any Officer or Seaman offences aeon; onboard any Privateer or Merchant Ship taking Letter of Mark during the present War with France, mined on Board shall be punished in such Manner as the like Offences are punishable on Board his Majesty's Ships ni^bieas inths of War. 1 -'1'king's Ships.

XXXIV. Provided always, That all Offenders who shall be accused of such Crimes as are cog cri ni nizable only by a court-martial, shall be confined on Board such Privateer or Merchant Ship, carrying zabie only by a Letter of Mark, on which such Offence shall be committed, until they shall arrive in forne Port in court maruil. Great Britain or Ireland, or can meet with such a Number of his Majesty's Ships of War abroad as coun nmtiau3 are sufficient to make a court-martial; and upon Application made by the Commander of such Privateer or Merchant Ship, carrying Letter of Mark, to the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's said Ships of War abroad, the said Lord High Admiral, or

716 G. 34. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or such Commander in Chief abroad, are hereby authorised and required to call a court-martial for trying and punishing the said Offences.

Regiaers, en

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Register or Remitters of all Penalty of 5001. and every the Court and Courts of Admiralty in any of his Majesty's Plantations n America, or else lytoffitrea - wherein any other of his Majesty's Dominions, shall yearly and every Year upon the twenty-third Day furerof Green of October, or within three Calendar Months next after the same, make out and transcribe true Copies with Hospital, of all and every such Letter and Letters of Attorney as shall be so registered in the said Court or Courts, Letters of At for to which the Judge and Judges of the said Court and Courts shall affix his and their Seal of Office, and iiey registered in then the said Register and Registers shall transmit the same to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital their Courts, at Greenwich, to be there registered, and to be inspected by any Person gratis -, the Charges of which judge to affix Copies, and affixing the Seal or Seals thereto, and transmitting the same to the Treasurer on the said hof his Seat thereto, pital, shall be paid by the said Agent or Agents at the Time of making such Registry as aforesaid; Agents to pay in case such Register or Registers shall neglect or refuse to transcribe and transmit such Copy and co the Expenses. pies of the said Letter and Letters of Attorney in Manner aforesaid (any Ship or Ships in that Time sailing from such Port or Place to any Port or Ports in Great Britain) such Register and Registers so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by him or them who will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain ox America, or in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, or elsewhere, in which no ef foin, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVI. And for the more effectual making such Letters of Attorney Evidence of the Agency of the The Copies to Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, te deemed Evi that true Copies of such Letter and Letters of Attorney, and of Transcripts, under Seal, Transmitted Agency, C*by Register or Registers of the Court and Courts of Admiralty in his Majesty's Plantations in America, and elsewhere within his Majesty's Dominions, and registered by the said Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, shall from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, be good and sufficient Evidence of the Agency of the Person or Persons to whom such Letter of Attorney is or shall be made; and from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, shall be admitted without further or other Proof thereof to be legal Evidence, in all his Majesty's Courts of Record of Law or Equity; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Agent not liable

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Agent or Agents for Prizes to ie sued by^or Bounty Money shall be liable to be sued, impleaded or arrested by any Person or Persons who shall King's Service, 6 mae Run from his Majesty's Service, in the Lists to be duly certified of the Names of the Officers, till after three' Seamen, Marines, Soldiers or others, who shall be actually on Board any of his Majesty's Ships of War years; at tile taking of any Prize or Prizes, until the End of three Months next after the Expiration of three

Years limited by this Act, for the claiming of Prizes and Bounty Money, unless the Person or Persons unless the r's so made Run shall, before any Action brought, obtain a Certificate of his or their R or r's being taken offend a cern an l'le Forfeiture of his or their Shares of such Prizes and Bounty Moneys being discharged by

tificatepro the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy who subscribed the said Lists, and shall produce such certiri duced, cate to the said Agent or Agents respectively; unless the said Agent or Agents, on the producing

and the Agent of such Certificate or Certificates, shall refuse to pay the said Prize or Bounty Money (in case the same thereupon refuse be due and payable according to the Directions in his Majesty's Declaration) within two Months after t bountypfize any Uvmand made, and such Certificate produced.

Money. y '

XXXVIII. And whereas great Numbers of Ships of Neutral Nations may pass the Seas laden with Naval Stores, intended to be carried to the Ports of France, whereby his Majesty's Enemies may not only be enabled and encouraged to fit out and arm Privateers to destroy the Trade of his Majesty's ' subjects, but may also be supplied with Materials to build and fit out Ships of War to annoy and: ' invade his Majesty's Dominions: And whereas diverse Ships of Neutral Nations laden as aforesaid,

may be taken and brought into the Ports of Great Britain, and the Purchase of such Naval Stores laden on Board such Ships of Neutral Nations for the Service of his Majesty, may in many Cases be expedient without proceeding to the Condemnation thereof; 'Be it therefore further enacted by Au of thority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Principal Officers and Commissioners of llie ^rc&fe1, Majesty's Navy for the Time being, or their Officers or Agents, during the Continuance of the

ffir3theu King's present War with France, to purchase on the Account, or for the Service of his Majesty's Heirs and Use, Naval Successors only, all or any such Naval Stores as shall or may hereafter be brought into any of the Boird Neutral Sorts of this Kingdom, by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, on Board any such Ships of Neutral Ships brought Nations; and that the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs for the Time being shall and may into Port y the permit and fufter such Naval Stores so purchased as aforesaid, to be entered and landed within any of King's Ships. the porrs of t]fls Kingdom; anything in an Act of Parliament passed in the twelfth Year of his is Car. 2. C is. plte Majesty King Charles the Second (entitled. An Act for encouraging and inenejing of Slipping and e\t>!ajnjd and Navigation) contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

gs. Cto. z. C 25. ard further provided for by 33 Geo. 2. C9. arj see 31 Geo. 2. Jo. 2 Geo. 3. r, 16,

A.D. 1756.

C 35.717

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for the better recruiting his Majesty's Forces on the Continent of America; and for the better Regulation of the Army, and preventing of Desertion there.

WHEREAS the speedy and effectual recruiting his Majesty's Regiments of Foot, and other 13 Geo. t. c. 7.

Land Forces in North America, is in the present Situation of Affairs of great Importance to9 Ga, 2. t. s.

1 the Security and Defence of the british Provinces and Colonies: And whereas there are in several of the said Provinces and Colonies, great Numbers of indented Servants, who may be willing to enlist as Sol

in such of his Majesty's Forces as now are, or hereafter may be, employed in the said Provinces V or Colonies: But whereas Doubts may arise, whether such indented Servants can be legally enlisted; '

For obviating whereof, May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Indented ser it shall and may be lawful to and for all or any of the Officers of any of his Majesty's Forces serving in America, to enlist as a Soldier or Soldiers, any such indented Servant or Servants, in any of the British chevs? as 0*Provinces or Colonies on the Continent of America, who shall be willing to enter and enlist in any of the said Forces; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding'

'Provided nevertheless, That if the Owner, Proprietor or Master of such indented Servant, shall object to the said servant's inlifling as a Soldier, within six Months after such Inlistment, the Officer in wftijin nx0' lifting such indented Servant, or the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Company in which such Months; indented Servant shall serve, at the Time such Objection is made, shall either give him up to his said servant to be Owner, Proprietor or Master, on receiving back the enlisting Money, or shall pay such Sum as any two rertored, on re justices of the Peace in the Province or Colony where the said Owner, Proprietor or Master of such in pl!'\/on'i.inr dented Servant, so enlisting as aforesaid, doth reside, shall, on Application of either of the said Officers, orsausfaflionto adjudge to be a reasonable Recompense to him the said Owner, Proprietor or Master, in Proportion to be made him for the original Purchase Money given by the said Owner, Proprietor or Master, for the said indented Ser Scrvams iimc vant, and to the Time of Service yet remaining to be performed in Consequence of his Indenture.

III. And to prevent any unjust or fraudulent Arrests of Soldiers after they have enlisted in any of the said Forces; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever who shall lift No Volunteer and enter himself as a Volunteer, in any of his Majesty's said Forces, shall be liable to be taken out of lia!'le to 1'ro: his Majesty's Service, by any Process or Execution whatsoever (other than for some criminal Matter) some criminal unless for a real Debt, or other just Cause of Addon; and unless before the taking out such Process or Matter, Execution (not being for a criminal Matter) the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, or some other Person or or un]cfs fora Persons in his or their Behalf, shall make Affidavit before one or more Judge or judges of the Court, real Debt of the out of which such Process or Execution shall blue, or before some Person authorised to take Affidavits oati^fvd'b in such Court, that to his or their Knowledge the original Sum justly due and owing to the Plaintiff or to be made 1'Plaintiffs from the Defendant or Defendants, in the Action or Cause of Addon, on which such Process shall issue, or the original Debt for which such Process or Execution shall be issued out, amounts to the Value of ten Pounds Sterling at lead, over and above all Costs of Suit, in the same Action, or in any other Addon, on which the same shall be grounded; a Memorandum of which Oath draught be marked and marked on on the Back of such Process or Writ; for which Memorandum or Oath no Fee shall be taken; and it roce's any Person so enlisting as a Soldier in his Majesty's said Forces, shall nevertheless be arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any judge or Judges of such Court, or any to bet at rec°' Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Province or Colony in which such Arrest shall be made, upon Liberty; Complaint made by the Party arrested, or by any of his superior Officers, to examine into the same, by Oath of the Parties (which Oath he or they are respectively hereby empowered to administer) or otherwise, and by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to discharge such Soldier so arrested or detained contrary to tyre Intent of this Adr, without paying any Fee or bees, upon due Prcof made before him or them, that such Soldier so arrested or detained was legally enlisted as a Soldier in his Majesty's Service, and was arrested and detained contrary to the Intent of this Act; and and Cods a also to award to, the Party complaining such Costs, as such Judge or Judges, Justice or Justices, shall i?31'116; 1 to, he think reasonable: the Recovery whereof, such Party shall have the like Remedy as the Person who oml amant' mace the said Arrest, or took out the Execution, might have had for his Costs, or as the Plaintiff in the said Addon might have had for the Recover of his Costs, in case Judgement had been given for him with Costs against the Defendant in the said Addon.

IV. And to the End that honest Creditors, who aim only at the Recovery of their just Debts, may not be hindered from suing for the same, but may be able to proceed in a more speedy and cheap Method; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any plaintiff mav Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Notice llrft given in Writing of the Cause of Addon to such Person or Per file a common fons so infilled, or left at his or their last Place of Residence before his or their infilling, to file a com Appearance. moh Appearance in any Addon to be brought for or upon account of any Debt whatsoever, so as to

entitle such Plaintiff to proceed therein to judgement and Outlawry, and to have an Execution thereupon, other than against the Body or Bodies of him or them so enlisted as aforesaid; Ail, or any other Law or Statute to tite contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, That if any Commission or non commission Officer or Soldier shall be accused Person1! aer used of any capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Person, Estate or Propeuy of any f

his majesty's Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of the Colony or Province where such

Crime

i 13. G 35v

Aiixid vicesimo aotlo Georoiiill. A.D. 1756.

Justices may commit De

fobedeliveredto Crime shall be committed; the Commanding Officer or Officers of the respective Regiment, Battalion, gitotei&e.3' Company or Party in his Majesty's Serviced w America, is. and are hereby required to use his and their utmost Endeavours to deliver over, such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate; shall be also aiding, and affixing to the Officers of Justice in the seizing and apprehending such respective Offender, in order to bring him to his Trial; and if any such Commanding Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to deliver oyer any such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding and a (lifting to the Officers of justice in the apprehending such'* Offender, every inch Officer so offending, and being thereof conviifted beforfe any two or more Justices of the Peace for the Province or Colony where the Pact shall be committed, by the oath>'of two credible Witnedes, shall be ipso faflo cashiered, and utterly disabled to hold any Civil or Military Employment in his Majesty's Service; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter sessions of the Peace or Gaol Delivery, to be held for the said Province or Colony, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby required to certify, the same to the next court-martial.

VI. And for preventing Soldiers from deserting his Majesty's Service, and encouraging the apprehending of Deserters in the said Province and colonies; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or any other Civil Officer, of the Town or Place where any Person who may be reasonably suspected to be a de ferter shall be found, to apprehend, or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such respective Person to be brought before any Justice of the Peace living in or near such Town or Place, who shall examine such suspected Person; if by his own Confession, or the Testimony of one or more credible witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice. is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear that such Person is a listed Soldier, and ought to be with the Regiment, Company or Battalion to which lie belongs, such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the Town or Place where he shall be so apprehended; and transmit an Account thereof, either to the Commanding Officer of the said Regiment, Battalion or Company, or to the Gov ernor or Commander in Chief of the Province or Colony in which such Deserter shall be apprehended, to the End such Person may be proceeded against: according to Law; and the Keeper of such Gaol shall receive the full Subsistence of such Deserter or Deserters, during the Time he or they shall continue in his Custody, for the Maintenance of such Deserter or Deserters, but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on Account of the Imprisonment of such Deserter or Deserters1; any law of Custom to the contrary not w'hhstanding.

VII. And for the better Encouragement of Persons tq apprehend Deserters, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commanding Officer of the Regiment to which any such Deserter shall belong, shall pay or cause to be paid, into the Hands of such Person who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any Deserter from his Majesty's Service, the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling Money for every Deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed.

VIII. And for the more effectual preventing any Person from harbouring Deserters, or buying their Arms, Clothes or Accoutrements, in the said Provinces or.colonies: Be it further enacted by the Au

buying thority aforesaid, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal or afftft any Deserter from his Majesty's their Arms, 'Service, knowing him to be such, each and every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Of, Clotlies, C fence, the Sum of five Pounds Sterling; and if any Person shall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture belonging to his Majesty any Soldier or Deserter, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, each and every Person so offending, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds Sterling, upon Conviction, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before anyone or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the Colony or Province where the offence shall be committed; which said respective Penalties shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand or Hands of such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and shall be applied one Moiety to the Informer or Person by whose Means such Deserter shall be apprehended, and the other Moiety to the Commanding Officer of the Troop or Company to which such Deserter or Soldier shall respectively belong; and in case any such Offender who shall be conviifted of harbouring or assisting any such Deserter or Deserters, or of having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Kurnituie belonging to his Majesty, or of having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels to answer the Payment of the said respective Penalties, or shall not within four Days after Conviction pay the same, that then, and in every such Case, such Justice or Justices of the Peace' shall and may by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, either commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding three Months, or cause such Offender to be publicly whipped.

Penalty on

IX. Provided always, That if any Officer shall break open, or forcibly enter any dwelling house or Officer breaking out house to search for Deserters, without a Warrant from one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace n, n mhiife (which Warrant such Justice or Justices are hereby empowered to grant to a Commission Officer only) such Officer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling; to be recovered by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any Court of Record in any Province or Colony on the Continent of America.

in.j.., X Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as

of Persons liaiii any Person or Persons shall be enlisted as a Soldier or Soldiers in his Majesty's Land Forces on the c011 }ylilting. tinent of America, he and they shall within the Space of four Days, but not sooner than twenty-four Hours after such enlisting, be carried before the next Justice of the Peace for the County, City or Place,

or

Reward for taking up Deserters.

Penalty on Persons concealing deserters, or

open Hhufe without Warrant.

Clause for Relief

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 36. 719

pr the chief Magistrate of any City or Town of the Province or Colony, where such Person shall so infilled (not being an Officer, of the Anny) and before such Justice or chief Magistrate, he or they shall be. at Liberty to declare "his or their Dissent to such enlisting, and upon such Declaration, and returning the enlisting Money, and also each ferfonyovdiffenting paying the sum of twenty Shillings Sterling for the Charges expended pr laid out upon him, such Person or Persons so infilled shall be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty in the Presence of such Justice or chief Magistrate; if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect within the Space of twenty-four Hours to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, or they shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if he or they had given his or their assent thereto before the said Justice or chief Magistrate; or if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily enlisted himself or themselves, then such Justice pr chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand, that such Person or Persons is or are duly enlisted, setting forth the Place of the Birth and Calling of him or them respectively (if known) and that the second and sixth Sections of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Dciertion were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath mentioned in the said Articles of War; and if any such Person or Persons so to be certified as duly inlisted, shall refuse to take the Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or chief Magistrate, It shall and may be lawful for such Officer from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such Person or Persons until he or they shall take the Oath before, required and every military Officer who shall act contrary thereto, or offend herein, shall be forth with cashiered. and ffifpla ced from his Office, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any military Office, or Employment in his Majesty's Service; and for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered as any other Penalty is by this Act directed to be recovered.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall receive Persons refuting the enlisting Money from any Officer (knowing. it to be such) and shall abscond, or refuse to go before jo^roceedect such Justice or chief Magistrate, in order to declare his Assent or Dissent as aforesaid; such Person or against, if

Persons shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall and '

may be proceeded against, as if he or they had taken the Oath, directed by the said Articles of War to be taken before such Justice or chief Magistrate

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Clause, Article commence and Matter therein contained, shall have Continuance for the Space of three Years, from and after the i?ient and V twenty-fifth of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, and from thence to the End of the ^"tuanc!: ° 113

then next Session of Parliament.

Cap. XXXVI:

An Act for enclosing, by the mutual Consent of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood;

and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Destruction of Trees.

WHEREAS by the Statute made at Merton, it was provided and granted. That Lords of Wastes, statute ofmer Woods and Pastures in which their Tenants have Common of Pasture, referring to their te tonne.

nants sufficient Pasture, as much as belongeth to their Tenements, with' sufficient Ingress and Egress - the same, may approve the Residue of such Wastes, Woods and Pastures: And whereas by a 4 Statute made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Third, commonly called The 13 Ed. 3. C 46,

Statute of Westminster the Second, it was ordained, That the said Statute of Merton should hold Place between Lords of Wastes, Woods and Pastures, and their Neighbours, having Common Appurtenant therein; and Provision is thereby made against calling down Dikes and Hedges levied by such as have Right so to approve: And whereas by an act made in the third and fourth Year of the Reign of King 3 & 4 Ed. 6, Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act concerning the Approvements of Moors and Waste Grounds; the C 3said Statutes, and all Articles thereof, then not repealed, were confirmed: And whereas the said Provisions for the Approvement of Wastes, Woods and Pastures, have been in many Cases rendered in effectual, by the Contradiction and Dissent of a few Persons having Right of Common in the said Wastes, Woods and Pastures; under Pretence that sufficient Pasture is not reserved to them, disturb the Lords of such Wastes, Woods and Pastures, or their Assigns, in the Possession of the Ground and Soil so approved, and discourage them from asserting their Right to make or continue such Ap 4 provement: And whereas '.he general Provisions made by an Act of the thirty fifth Year of the Reign h. S. C 17.

of King Henry the Eighth, and by several other acts of Parliament, for preserving Woods; and the particular Provisions made by two several Acts of Parliament of the twentieth Year of the Reign of 20 car. 2. C 3.

King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber within the fore/i of Dean; and the other of the ninth and tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, 9& i0 w, 1*entitled. An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the New Forest., in the County of South C 36.

ampton; whereby Part of the Waste Lands of the said several Forests are directed to be enclosed and kept in Severalty for the Growth and Preservation of Timber, have not been duly put in Execution

And whereas, for want of a proper Supply of L imber of the Growth of this Kingdom, a great Quantity of foreign Timber is necessarily used for building Ships and Houses, and for orher Purposes; ' the general Price of Umber and Wood is greatly increased: whereas, many Tracts of Waste:

Land, unfit for. Tillage or Pasture, but capable of producing different Kinds of trees, may conve nicntly be enclosed for the Growth of Timber and Underwood, to the Advantage both of the Owners of the Ground and soil of such Wastes, and also such as have Right of common therein 5 and ft.clv.; ." 4 Inclosure --

720 C 36. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

Enclosure will also be of public Utility Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre proprietors of sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and Wastes, C and for his Mai eft y, his Heirs and Successors, and all other Owners of Wades, Woods and Failures, in a Right rins diat Part of Great Britain called England, wherein any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic Common, or Corporate, hath or have Right of Common of Padure, by and with the Assent of the major Part in Number and Value of the Owners and Occupiers of Tenements to which the said Right of Common of Pasture doth belong, and to and for the major Part in Number and Value of the Owners and Occupiers of such Tenements, by and with the Assent of the Owner or Owners of the said Wades, Woods and Padures, and to and for any other Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, by pray by Content and with the Assent and Grant of the Owner or Owners of such Wades, Woods and Padures, and, !'close ay Part the major Part in Number and Value of the Owners and Occupiers of such Tenements, to enclose and planting and keep in Severalty, for the Growth and Preservation of Timber or Underwood, any Part of such Wades, preservingtim Woods and Padures, for such Time, and in such Manner, and upon such Conditions, as shall be agreed wood Under" by them respectively.

Iran Recom Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Recompense

pencu be^agreed (had be agreed to be given for such Enclosure, to or to the Benefit of the Owners and Occupiers of te to be given to nements, to which the Right of Common in such Wades, Woods and Padures doth belong, such re wha!ma?irter*n compence shall be made either by a Grant of a Share of the Profit which shall arise from the Sale of the same ib ro be the Timber or Underwood growing on the Ground or Soil so enclosed, or by a Grant of other Lands, made and ap Tenements or Hereditaments; or by some Annuity or rent charge issuing out of the said Ground or pllec1. Soil so enclosed, or out of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments; or shall be paid in Money, to

be placed out at' Intered on public Securities, or laid out in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of some Annuity or rent charge issuing out of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments; and the Produce of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or such Annuity or rent charge, or the Intered of such Money, until the same shall be laid out in such Purchase as aforesaid, shall be paid from Time to Time to the Overseers or Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish or Township, and shall be by them or him applied towards the Relief of the Poor of the Parish or Township where such Wades, Woods or Padures diall lie, and accounted for in such Manner as the Rates for Relief of the If Lords and Poor are by Law directed to be accounted for; and in case the Owner or Owners of any such Wades, " Tenants join in Woods or Padures, and the major Part in Number and Value of the Owners and Occupiers of the te rte^ws'oniklo nements to which such Right of Common doth belong, shall jointly agree to assign ana. grant their refute to any other spective Right and Intered in any Part of the said Wades, Woods or Padures, for the Purpose of ma

Persons, king such inclosures as aforesaid, to any other Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate; and the Owner or Owners of such Wades, Woods and Padures, shall not have an Estate in fee simple liow Recom therein, or shall be disabled or redrained from alienating the same, the Recompense to be paid to any pctde to thee bich Owner or Owners, shall be either by a Grant of a Share of the Profit which shall from Time to

hoid, if he Time arise from the Sale of the Timber or Underwood growing on the Ground or Soil so enclosed,

have not the or by a Grant of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of an Annuity or rent charge issuing

fherein por he °, ut the said Ground or Soil so enclosed, or out of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments; such

disabled to alien. Equivalent to be held and enjoyed by the Owner or Owners of such Wades, Woods and Padures, and such as shall be entitled to the same in Reversion, Remainder or Succession, in like Manner as the Parish willing to Estate in such Wades, Woods or Padures, is limited to be held and enjoyed; and in case the inliabi ftnufo/lhe tants of any Parish or Township shall be willing to acquire such Right of Enclosure, for the Employment Employment of and Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish or Township, and any Recompense diall be agreed to be given ti'.tir Poor, for the same, it shall and may be lawful for the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Township (by the Consent and Direction of the major Part of the Inhabitants thereof, assembled at a Vedry or public Meeting to be held for that Purpose, public Notice being fird given of such intended Vedry or Meeting, in the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Township, on three Sunday! Recompense at PC Rad before such Vedry or Meeting shall be held) to pay or purchase such Recompense out of

and other any Moneys arising from the Rates raised or to be raised, for the Relief of the Poor; and out of such

cid out of the Moneys to pay from Time to Time such Charges and Expenses as shall be necessary for enclosing and loots Rate, preserving such Grounds so enclosed; such Overseers or Overseer shall from Time to Time apply

and the Profits Profit which shall arise from the Sale of the Timber or Underwood growing thereon, towards the

to be applied in Relief of the Poor of the said Parish or Township; and shall account for the same in like Manner

Aid thereof. as he and they is and are by Law obliged to account for the Rates collected for the Relief of the

Poor.

Agreements to

III. Provided always, That every Agreement for any such Enclosure shall be in Writing, and signed he andi by the Parties, and the same shall be regidered and enrolled by the Clerk of the Peace for the County, in thrcdvionths^ Riding or Division where such Wades, Woods or Padures, or the greater Part of them shall lie, within three Months next after the Execution of such Agreement.

Persons as

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Persons or bo gnev may ap dies Politic or Corporate, who shall think themselves injurea or aggrieved by such Agreement, or for ouwa sem any persons 1° their Behalf, within six Months next after any such Agreement diall be regidered and L enrolled in Manner aforesaid, to make Complaint thereof by Appeal to the Judiees of the Peace at any Quarter sessions to be held for the same County, Riding or Division, who are hereby authorised and In case there hp required to hear and determine such Appeal, and whose Determination therein shall be final; and if no no Appeal, such Appeal shall be made, then the said Agreement so regidered and enrolled as aforesaid shall be for tvndroai to ever binding to all Persons whatsoever, without any further or other Appeal.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

C 36. 721

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic,

Bodies Politic or Corporate, whether Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Admini Guardians ani llrators, Guardians, Committees or other Trustees whatsoever', for and on the Behalf of any Infants, Femes Truflets, im covert, Lunatics, Idiots or other Persons whatsoever, and the Husbands of Femes Covert, who shall be poured to agree seized, possessed of or interested in, any such Waste, Wood or Failure, or any Right of Common in such M °"

Wailes, Woods or Failures, to agree to any such Enclosure; all such Agreements so made, shall be

valid to all Intents and Purposes; such Bodies Politic or Corporate, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees and other Trustees and Husbands of Femes Covert, shall be indemnified for what they shall so do by virtue of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, from and after the Time ifanv trc s hereby limited for bringing such Appeal against any such Agreement for the Enclosure of any Part of such growing wi hin Walles, Woods or Pastures, shall either by Day or by Night unlawfully cut, take, dellroy, break, throw such inclosures down, bark, pluck up, burn, deface, spoil or carry away, any Trees growing within any such Enclosure, be ur.bw without the Confeiit of the Owner or Owners thereof, such Owner or Owners shall have such Remedy, jutor<!e' and have and receive such Satisfaction and Recompenceof and from the Inhabitants of the Parishes, Towns, r >ct' Hamlets, Villages or Places adjoining to such Enclosures, and recover such Damages against the Inhabitants of Damages to be such Parishes, Towns, Hamlets, Villages or Places adjoining and in the same Manner and Form as is directed for Dikes and Hedges overthrown by the said Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King j>'aer; (j, ^lmns Edward the First, unless the Offender or Offenders shall be convicted of such Offence within the Space unless the of of six Months next after the Commission thereof. fender be con

vied within six Months.

Offences tc he determined by two Justices, or at the scltions.

Penalty on Conviction, the fa ms as_by 6 Geo. j. C 6. See farther 31 Geo. z, C 41. by which this fhei is a p: ended.

and Persons unlawfully cutting or destroying Trees, on Commonable Grounds, to be in like Manner and punched.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place, wherein any such Offence shall be committed, or for the Justices of the Peace for such County, Riding, Division, City,

Town, Liberty or Place, in open Sessions, upon Complaint to them made, to cause every such Offender to be apprehended for such Trespass, and to hear and determine the same, and to inflidl the like Penalty and Punishment on every Offender by them convicted, as is directed to be inflicted on Offenders by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an asi passed in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to encourage the planting of Timber Trees, Fruit Trees, and other Trees for Ornament, Shelter or Profit; and for the better prefer vation of the same; and for the preventing the burning of Woods; and for the better Preservation of the Fences of such Woods.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, shall unlawfully cut, take, dellroy, break, throw down, bark, pluck up, burn, deface, spoil or carry away any Tree growing in any Waste, Wood or Failure, in which any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, hath or have Right of Common, every such Offender shall and may be in like Manner convicted of such Offence, and shall incur the like Penalty.

convicted

IX. And whereas by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George doubtari/ing on

"' irnied in Dif9 Geo. z. c.zi.

'for the more 7- °bvlakd

0 _^o. Inhabitants of every

Hundred within that Part of Great Britain called England, shall make full Satisfaction and Amends to all and every Person and Persons, their Executors and Administrators, for the Damages they shall have fu llained or suffered by the cutting down or destroying any Trees which shall be done or committed by any Offender or Offenders against the said Act, to be recovered in Manner as by the Act isdirefled: And C whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Provision made by the said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, has not repealed and annulled the Remedy given by the said Acts of the

first and sixth Years of the Reign of his laid late Majesty For obviating the said Doubt; Be it enacted,

by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty and Remedy for six, it shall and may be lawful for any Person, or Body Politic or Corporate, to take Remedy for the be Damages men fore mentioned Damages either against the Parish, Town, Hamlet, Vill or Place, where any of the said m;

Offences shall be committed, according to the Sowers given by the said Acts of the first or sixth Years of be taken accordl his said late majesty's Reign, or on the Hundred wherein ar.y of the said Offences shall be committed, as ingtoihe Acts to such Person, or Body Politic or Corporate shall seem most meet; anything in the said Act made in of rgeo. i. c.g. the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding. &6 Geo.i. c. 16.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person for any Matter or Thing done by virtue or in Execution of this Act,

[General Issue,

the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall and may plead the general Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, on any Trial to be had in such Action; if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue such Action, or become nonsuit, or if Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff, then the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action, shall recover treble Costs of Suit. Treble Costs,

7 2-2 C. 37

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in the Courts Baron of the Manors of Sheffield and Ecclesall in the County of York.

PR.

WHEREAS the Liberty or District of Hallamshire in the County of York is a large District, extending itself over the Town and Parish of Sheffield, and several other Towns and Parishes in the said County of York; and the most noble Edward Duke of Norfolk, Hereditary Earl Marshal of England, claimeth aeranchife there, and to have the Execution and Return of all Writs within the same, as being seized of the said Liberty to him and the Heirs Male of his Body, with Remainder to his Nephew Thomas Howard of Norfolk Esquire, and to the Heirs Male of the Body of the Honourable Philip Howard Esquire,

his late Father, deceased, with diverse Remainders over; and the said Edward Duke of Norfolk is seized to him and the Heirs Male of his Body, with like Remainders, of and in the said Manor of Sheffield; and the jurisdiction of the Court Baron belonging to the said Manor of Sheffield, which has been usually held every three Weeks from Time immemorial, extends over all the Parts of the said Liberty, except over the Hamlet or Byerlow of Ecclesall: And whereas the most Honourable Charles Marquess of Rockingham, and Mary Marchioness of Rockingham his Wife, in the Right of the said Marchioness, or their Trustees, are

seized for some Estate of Freehold or Inheritance of and in the Manor of Ecclesall; and the Jurisdiction of the Court Baron belonging to the said Manor of Ecclesall, which has also been usually held every three Weeks from like Time immemorial, extends over the said Hamlet or Byerlow of Ecclesall, which is contiguous to the said Town of Sheffield, and is within the said Liberty of Hallamshire: And whereas from Time immemorial Plea has been held in the said several Courts Baron in all personal actions arising with in the aforesaid several Jurisdictions, where the Debt and Damages have been under forty Shillings: And whereas a great Manufactory of Cutlery and other Hard Ware is now, and has been for sometime car

on in the said Town of Sheffield and the Liberty of Hallamshire, whereby, and by the late Increase of Trade in the said Town, and other Parts of the said Liberty or District of Hallamshire, the Number of Merchants, Traders and Artificers there is very great, and the said Town and district are becoming daily more populous: And whereas, although Justice hath for many Years been administered in the said several Courts Baron in the most strict and impartial Manner, yet the Method of compelling Debtors and other Persons to appear to the actions which are commenced in the said Courts Baron, is in both the said Courts by Summons and Distress infinite; which is a very dilatory, and often a very ineffectual Method for that End; and by reason thereof, and also by reason of the Expense which attends the Prosecution of Causes to Judgement in the said Courts, and often afterwards, when such Causes are removed up to some superior Court, honest Creditors are many Times discouraged from attempting to recover the Debts due to them,

and thereby many evil disposed Persons, who have contracted small Debts within the said Liberty, are encouraged (though able) to refuse or delay the Payment thereof, and do often set their Creditors at De 4 fiance; therefore the Inhabitants of the said Places which folie within the Jurisdiction of the said several Courts Baron have applied to the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, and Charles Marquess of Rockingham, for their Consent to some proper Method for regulating the Proceedings in, and amending the Defects which so respectively attend the several Jurisdictions of their said several Courts Baron, and for preventing all unneeefiary Delays and Expenses in the said Proceedings, and for the providing from among the several Suitors of the said several Courts Baron, fit, able, discreet and indifferent Homagors or Jurors to try all Issues which shall Hand for Trial in any Plaint, Suit or Action to be depending in the said several Courts,

and the like fit, able, discreet and indifferent Homagors or Jurors for the finding of Inquests and the taking of Inquisitions upon Processes which may issue out of, or on any other Proceedings which may be had in the said several Courts, in Nature of Writs of Inquiry of Damages at the common-law; which the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, and Charles Marquess of Rockingham, have readily consented to, so far as the same can be done without subverting or derogating from the Jurisdictions of the said several Courts Ba 4 rot), or prejudicing the same Wherefore may it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, (sc "

"Plaint or Suit entered for a Debt or Damage, not amounting to 40 s. Application to be made to the Steward of the Court, to summon the Defendant. Steward to issue his Precept to the Bailiff, who is to execute the same; and the Defendant not appearing thereto. Plaintiff may enter a common Appearance, and proceed thereon. On Issue joined, Matter thereof to be tried by the Suitors summoned. Defendant suffering an interlocutory Judgement, and Process of Inquiry issuing thereupon, the Suitors of the Court "to take the Inquisition; upon Application to summonwitnesses, who are required to attend, and give Evidence upon Oath; Witnesses not attending, or refusing to give Evidence, maybe amerced by the Steward; to be affeered by the Suitors, and applied to the injured Party, and Lord of the Manor; 44 and to be levied by Distress and Sale. For want of Distress, Offender to be committed. Defendant pleading otherwise than the General Issue, and Court declaring the same to be merely dilatory, Plaintiff may sign Judgement for want of Plea; or if after Appearance entered, and Declaration made, Defendant shall not plead thereto, Plaintiff may sign Judgement by Default; and a Jury thereupon shall be summoned to ailess the Damages and Costs. Plaintiff not declaring upon the defendant's appearing, or not pro "to Trial, or being nonsuited, Lfc. Court to award Defendant Costs: Plaintiff may notwithstanding renew his Suit. 'I'en Days Notice of Trial to be given, and Copy to be left with the Steward. Plaintiff not being refiant, is to bring before the Steward some Housholder residing within the Jurisdiction to enter into Recognisance to prosecute with Effect, C Plaintiff not procuring such Recognisance, 44 Steward may forbear granting Precept against Defendant. If Proceedings shall be had on such Suit,

A.D. 1736. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 38.

"without Recognisance being first entered into, the Suit to be discontinued, anti Plaintiff disabled to renew "the same, till Coils be paid. Recognisance to be entered on a double Penny Stamp. Defendants may "pay the Money into Court, and plead the General Issue. Upon Issue joined, and Notice of Trial, Steward to issue Precepts for summoning a Jury of 24. Jurors Names to be wrote on diflindl Pieces of Paper, e and rolled up and put into a Vessel, and 12 of those present to be drawn, who are to be the Jury, GY. <£ Juror who has served six Times in the same Year, to be discharged upon his Requell from future Service "for that Year. Precepts for summoning Jurors to be issued five Days before the Sitting of the Court.

"Jury to be continued during the Sitting of the Court. The Names and proper Addition of the

"Jurors to be entered in the Precepts. Where t2 of the Jurors shall not appear, Inquests may "betaken by any r2 Suitors. Steward of the Court may amerce Jurors for not attending. Amer "

"to be affeered, and levied by Distress and Sale, and to be applied' for the Use of the

£< Lord of the Manor. Proceedings or Judgments of the Court not removable, but to be final; C (Plaints in Replevin excepted). All Persons refiant within the Jurisdiction may plead and be impleaded. C Jurisdiction of the Courts not extended by this Act. Jurisdiction of the Lords of the Manors not prejudiced by this Act. Proceeding of the Court in real Actions not altered by this Act. Person attached paye ing the Debt, and Sees, to be discharged. Execution not issuable on Default of Appearance of Defend "unless Notice be given him of Declaration. Persons affronting or disturbing the Court, while sitting, "to be taken into Custody; and may be fined, and committed for nonpayment. Persons obstructing Officer of the Court in the Execution of his Office, to be fined. Fine to be affeered, and levied by Distress "and Sale. Offender not being a Housholder within the Jurisdiction, may be committed on nonpayment "allowed to practice in the Courts, but such as are admitted Attorneys or Solicitors of the Courts at "Westminster. Stewards to hold their Office at the Pleasure of their Lord. In Cases of Vacancy Utter CC Barrister of three Years (landing to be appointed to the Office of Steward. Stewards to take an Oath of "Office. Stewards may appoint Deputies. Declaration to be made in Court of deputy's Name, csv. be "his Appointment. Lord of the Manor to sign his Approbation. Deputy to take an Oath of Office. "In Cases of Vacancy Deputy to act till a new Steward is appointed. Steward or Officers of the Court "being sued, may plead the General Issue, and have treble Costs. Where any Action shall be brought in "any other Court, for a Debt recoverable in the Courts Baron, Plaintiff to be nonsuited, and Defendant "to recover treble Cods, unless the Judge certify there was a probable Cause for such Action, C Plaintiff "may afterwards sue in the Court Baron."

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the City of Westminster to the oppofue Shore in the County of Surry, to purchase Houses and Grounds, and to widen the Ways, and make more safe and commodious the Streets, Avenues and passages leading from Charing Cross to The two Houses of Parliament, Westminster hall, and the Courts of Justice there, and Westminster Bridge, and to enable a less Number of Commissioners to execute the several Acts relating to the said Bridge, than at present are required by Law and for Relief of George and James King, with regard to a Lease taken by their late Father, from the said Commissioners.

PR.

WHEREAS the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the jvoolstaple, or thereabouts, in the Parish of Saint Margaret in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Snore in the County of Surry, are by virtue of several former Acts of Parliament passed in the Reign of his present Majesty, or by virtue of some or one of them, empowered to make, open, design, assign and lay out such new Ways, Streets and Passages, as they shall find proper to be opened and made on each Side the River Thames, to and from the said Bridge, the Courts of Justice, both Houses of Parliament, and the Parts adjacent, and to agree for and purchase such Houses and Grounds as they shall find necessary for them to be possessed of, and to be removed, rebuilt, pulled down, or employed for those Purposes, com prized within certain Bounds and Limits particularly mentioned and described in the said respective Acts, or some or one of them: And whereas the Ways, Streets, Avenues and passages leading from Charing Cross in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex, to The two Houses of Parliament, Westminster flail, and the Courts of Justice there, and Westminster Bridge, might be rendered more open, safe and commodious, for the Ease of Passengers and the public Benefit, than they are at present, in case the said Commissioners were enabled to open and widen the said lall mentioned Ways, Streets, Avenues and Passages, and to purchase, pull down and remove such Buildings, ' Houses, Grounds and Estates (not comprised within the Bounds or Limits prescribed by any of the said former Acts of Parliament) as they should think proper and necessary for those Purposes: 'Wherefore for promoting a Design so useful and beneficial to the Public; May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, C

9 C ll. C zg,

10 Geo. 2. c. 16. j i Geo. 2. c. 15. I 2 Geo. 2. c. 3

13 Geo. 2. c. 16.

14 Geo. 2. c. 40. j^ Geo. 2. c. 26, 17 Geo. 2. r

15 Geo. 2. t.

"Commissioners empowered to widen the Streets, tsfe. leading from Charing Cross to The two Houses of c1 Parliament, C Commissioners may agree with the Owners of Buildings for the Purchase of any "Grounds within the Limits herein described, as they shall think necessary to be removed, C commis tc sioners to observe all such Rules and Directions in order for purchasing the several Buildings, cas by "any former Acts passed in his present Majesty's Reign they are enabled to use and observe. All the Pow "mentioned in the former Acts relating to the Commissioners purchasing Houses, isc. to be in Force. "His Majesty may convey Buildings, UY. to the Commissioners. Commissioners may sell any Piece of

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

"Ground. Act 18 Geo. 2. C zg. to be in Force, relating to the preserving of Ways, &c. intended to be "widened by this Act. 10, 000l. to be paid to the Commissioners for nurchafing of Houses for widening "the Streets, idc, leading from Charing Cross to The two Houses of Parliament, coc. Commissioners to "lay an Account of the Application of the ro, oooo /. Gfc. before both Houses of Parliament. In all Cases "where seven Commissioners are empowered to put the former Acts in Execution, the same may be done by See father, "any five. Commissioners to accept a Surrender of a Building Lease made by fames King in 1741, and to jocco.z. 1. 34. "discharge fames and George King from the same."

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual an Act made in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fifo in the City of Westminster; for preventing the fcreftalung and monopolising of Ffo; and for allowing the Sale of Fish tinder the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the first Year of his late Majesty's Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook.

s2 Geo. 2. c. 49.*\\7 WHEREAS by an Act made in the tyvemy second Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act Thit An h In ' for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; preventing the forepart repealed by < flailing and monopolising of Fish; for allowing the Sale of Fiji) under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause 33 Geo. 2. c. 27. t contained in an Act of the frjl Year of his late Majesty's Reign, in case the same are t ken with a Hook; it is amongst other Things therein enacted, That if any Fisherman or other Person or Persons whatsoever, Na 4 tives or Foreigners, should keep any Fish at jj)hiecnborough, Gravesend, or other Place or Places, in any well boat, store boat, or any other Manner whatsoever, so as not to sell off their whole Cargo of Fish

the Space of eight Days from their Arrival on the british Coast, between North Yarmouth and Do 4 ver, after their first Arrival at the respective Place or Places as aforesaid, every Person or Persons so of sending, and being thereof lawfully convicted by the Confession of the Party, or the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, should for every such Offence forfeit the whole Cargo of Fish belonging to him, and also the Vessel, with her Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, to be levied by Distress and Sale by Warrant under the Eland and Seal of any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the re

County where the Offence should be committed; which Warrant or Warrants the said Justice or Justices was and were thereby empowered and required to make, upon the Information on Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice or Justices was and were thereby impow ered and required to administer) and that the Produce thereof should go and be applied, one Moiety to the Use and Benefit of the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence should be committed: And whereas many Difficulties have arose in putting the said Act in Exe cution, which have hitherto not only obstructed the Establishment of the said free Market at Westminster,

but hath rendered ineffectual the other good Purposes of the said Act, and more particularly the preventing

the forestalling and monopolising of Fish in general: And whereas the said limited Time of eight Days for selling off the whole Cargo of Fish, as in the said Act mentioned, is found too short, in Consideration of the great Distance between North Yarmouth and Dover, and the said Towns of fhucenboroimb and Gravesend,

where the said store boats and well boats do usually lie to receive the Fish from the fishing Ships, as it may often happen, that from the common Accidents of Wind and Weather so much of the said Time may be spent from the Time of their first Arrival, before the said Vessels can afterwards arrive at the said Pla ces for unloading their said Cargoes into the said store boats or well boats, and for Sale thereof, that the said irisherrr.en may unavoidably incur the Penalty in the said Act mentioned for not selling off their whole Cargoes within that ime, and for that the Fishermen and others employed in the Lobster Fishing orlob fter Trade, do require an Enlargement of the Time for selling off their Cargoes, after their Arrival in the said River of Thames, the said limited Time of eight Days not being sufficient for that Purpose: And whereas, for the rendering more effectual the good Ends and Purposes of the said Act, it is necessary that 4 a proper Officer be appointed to inspect and search the said fishing Vessels, and the said store boats and

well boats, for the better Discovery of such Persons who shall make Default in selling oft' their Cargoes within the Times limited for that Purpose, as it may be also very difficult, from the great Extent of the said Limits appointed for the first Arrival between North Yarmouth and Dover, to ascertain such Arrival, so as duly to bring the Offenders therein to Justice, without a continual Inspection: And whereas it is also necessary for the Purposes aforesaid to empower the several Mayors of Ff iceularcugh and Gravesend, and any other Persons acting as Justices, who are Members of the said Corporations, and any other his Majesty's Justices of the Peace between the said Towns and the Cities of London and Westminster, to act as Justices in levying the Penalties in the said Act, as well as such Justices of the Peace for the respective County where the Offence is committed: And whereas by the said recited Act it is enacted, That the several Kinds of Fish therein particularly named and mentioned, may be exposed to Sale, or exchanged for other Goods, provided such Fish are taken with a Hook, and so not fit or capable of being preserved alive, although the,

3 Geo. 1. c. 18. 4 said Fish should be under the Dimensions prescribed by an Act passed in the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better preventing fresh Fiji) taken by Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fiji); and for the giving Leave to import Lobjiers and turbet in foreign Bot toms; and for the better preserving of Salmon within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England; in the said recited Act mentioned; which Liberty was so allowed, that the Market might be the more plentifully supplied with such Sorts of Fish, and that the publick might be served therewith at more reasonable Rates: And whereas such Liberty hath not been attended with such good Effects as was ex

pecteil.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

C 39. 725

rpected, for that the Markets being fujiplied with such smaller Fish, doth enhance the Price of the largest

and under Colour of the Paid recited Act under seed Fish are sold, though not taken with a Hook,

which may tend greatly to the Destruction of the Fry of Fish, and consequently the said Fishery in general for such Kinds of Fish; that it will be more for the Benefit and Service of the Public to revive the said Restraint for the Preservation of the Fry and smaller Sort of such Fish, and not to permit the Sale or Exchange of such several Kinds of Fish so catched with a Hook under the Dimensions in the said last re cited at mentioned: And whereas for such several Purposes, as well as for others herein after mentioned,

it is become necessary to explain and amend the said ai; 'it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it therefore enacted by the King's moil: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Fisherman or any other Person or Persons Penalty on nth. whatsoever, Master or Owner of any fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or fishing Vessel coming from Sea, or ingveflclsanother Person having the Conduct of such fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or fishing vessel, Natives or Foreign ployed for the ers, employed either in catching, bringing or vending of Fish for the Supply of the Cities of London and and wcx"

Westminster, shall break Bulk or make Sale of their Fish, or any Part thereof, between Harwich and the mjnfter Markets Nore, or between Margate and the Nore, to any Person or Persons to sell again, or shall not enter their breaking Bulk, Ship, Sloop, Smack or other fishing vessel, at such Place or Places, and within such Time, as herein af or vending their ter mentioned, or shall keep any Shellfish or other Fish whatsoever in such their Ship, Sloop, Smack or F'flijbefo ttheir other their fishing Vessel or Vessels, or in any well boat or store boat, after such their Arrival, so as not

to sell off their whole Cargo of Fish within the Space of eight Days, to be reckoned from the Day of such entering their their Arrival at the Nore as aforesaid, and thereof shall be convicted before one or more of his Majesty's Arrival, or not Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Kent or Essex, or before the Mayor, Recorder or such Aldermen for rolling their Fist the Time being, who have Power to act as Justices of the Peace within the Corporations of £htecnborough wuhin s ua>'s* or Gravesend, on his, her or their own Confession or Confessions in Writing under his, her or their Hand, or Hands, or on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Whnesses, which Conviction shall be final and without any Appeal whatsoever, such Ship, Sloop, Smack or fishing Vessel, Boat, store boat or other Boat into which the said Fish, or any Part thereof, shall be unloaded or delivered, with all Tackle, Apparel and Furniture to the same belonging, together with the whole Cargo of such Fish, shall be forfeited by the Owners thereof, and disposed of as hereafter mentioned; such Forfeitures to be levied by Distress and pera]tv| howto Sale by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace within be levied, the said Counties of Kent or essex, or of the said Mayor, Recorder or Aldermen ailing for the Time being as Magistrates within the Towns of Queenborough and Gravesend, or such Mayor, Recorder or Aldermen of any other Corporate Town between the said Towns of slueenborough and Gravesend, and the City of jfefl ininjier, as aforesaid; which Warrant or Warrants the said Justice or Justices, Mayors, Recorders or Aldermen, is and are hereby empowered and required to make and issue accordingly, and to be directed to the High Constable, Petty Constable, Headborough or Tithingman of either of the said Towns of khieenbo rcugh or Gravesend, or any other Towns as aforesaid near unto where any such Offences shall be committed, or where such Ship, Sloop, Smack or fishing Vessel, Boat, store boat or other Boat shall then be, to take and seize the same, and sell and dispose thereof within fourteen Days accordingly; and one Moiety or Half Application Part of the Produce of such Sale, after reasonable Charges deduced, shall go and be paid to the Informer thereof, or Informers, as the said Justices shall appoint, and the other Moiety to the Trustees appointed to put the said recited and this present Act in Execution, to be placed by them, or any five or more of them, or their Order, to the general Account of Surplus of Profits arising from the Fish Market, in the said recited Act mentioned, and to be appropriated as the said Surplus in the said Act is directed; anything in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless, That in case any such fishing Vessel is freighted or loaded with Lobfteis, or i2 Days allowed whose part loading may be made up with Lebfters, and the Fishermen or other Person or Persons whatso for th esaleof ever, Natives or Foreigners, who shall be Owners of such Lobsters or have the Power to sell or dispose of lobsters.

the same, shall sell off her whole Cargo of such Lobsters within twelve Days after the Arrival of such Vessel at the Place or Places herein before appointed for that Purpose, and in all other Respefis conform to the direhions of the said recited and this present at; then and in such Case the Sale of the whole Cargo of such Lobsters shall be and is hereby declared to be as good a Sale thereof, as if such Sale had been completed and made within the said limited Time of eight Days before mentioned.

III. Provided also nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Fisherman or other Fishing Vessel? Person or Persons whatsoever, Master or Owner of any fishing Sloop, Smack or fishing Vessel corning from may remove their Sea, and to and for every other Person or Persons having the Conduct of any such fishing Ship, Sloop, jjxaxvx'c Smack or fishing Vessel as aforesaid, and they are hereby empowered at any Time and Times, and as often j, jnor, .,

as Need shall be or require, during their respective Voyages at Sea, and before their Arrival at the Nore, to, r.t to make fijift and remove any Part of their Cargoes of Fish into any other Ship, Sloop, 'smack, Vessel or Vessels, Sale thereof, for the Ease of their Well, Preservation of their Fish, and the better separating such as are dead, dropped or sickly, from those which are found and healthy; so that no Part of such Cargo of Fish he sold or disposed

of, until their Arrival at or above the Nore as aforesaid; anything herein before contained to the

contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also nevertheless. That it shall and may he lawful to and for any Fisherman or Owner ofpeter boats, C

any peter boat, or other small fishing Vessel used and employed for serving and supplying the Inhabitants of employed for any City, Town or Village, or the Neighbourhood thereof, on or near the Banks of the said River, be sxne r ihc*'

tween the Mouth of the said River and the said Towns of [ueenborough or Gravesend, to sell or dispose of jxksof the

their Fish in such Manner as hath been heretofore used, in case such Boats or Fishing Vessels are only used Rive, mayfif and employed for the Consumption of such Fish within such City, Towns or Villages, and the Inhabitants [o^e of their Fish thereof, or of the Neighbourhood thereof. as heretofore.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

726 C 39.

A.D. 1756.

of the Fishing Viflcls.

Trustees to ap V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the rustees for putting the said former roint inspeflers and this present Act in Execution, or any nine or more of them, shall and may, by Writing under their ?./' j^sands and Seals, appoint one or more fit Person or Persons, to be called The lnfpcfler or inj pcfiers of the Fifing Vessels, to inspect and search all and every Fishing Vessel and Vessels, well boat or store boat, well boats or store boats, belonging to any Fisherman or other Person or Persons whatsoever, Natives or Foreigners, at any Time after the Arrival of any Fishing Vessel at the Norc, or in any Part of the River Thames between the Nore and Rillinfgate Dock, to examine and take Account, as well of the Arrival of such Vessel or vessels within the said Limits, as of the Time of selling the whole Cargo of Fish, brought in such Vessel, and of the breaking Bulk, and unloading such Vessel, and faifting the Cargo, or any Part thereof, into such well boats or store boats, and of the Delivery or Selling off such Cargo, in such Manner as direcfed by the said recited or this present Abb; and remove such Officer or Officers at their Pleasure; Dipy which inspector or Inspectors, when so appointed, is and are hereby authorised and empowered to enter ami. ever. into, inspect and examine such Fishing Vessels, vel boats and store boats accordingly; and all and every such Person or Persons on Board the said Vessels are hereby required to give to the said inspector such Ac 10l. Penalty count thereof, according to the best of their Knowledge; and in case any Person or Persons, being the Main Persons on Per, owner or Owners of such Vessel or Vessels, or their Cargo, or any of their Agents or Servants or

Board int giving0ther Person or Persons there found as aforesaid, shall refuse to give such Account, or shall molest, obstruct rriv ion he war's cr otherwise hinder such inspector or Inspectors in the Execution of his or their said Office, or prevent or or o'bflriicae 'endeavour to prevent, any Person or Persons on Board such Vessel or Vessels, Boat or Boats, from giving

such Account as aforesaid; such Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted before one or mote of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, as in this Act particularly described as aforesaid, by the con session of the Party, or on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as the other Penalties in this Act.

VI. And for the Support and Maintenance of such necessary Officer or Officers, whereby the good Pur

or obflru£ling him in his Office.

2, s. to be paid to the King's Searcher fnr every Fishing Vessel, on certifying their Arrival at Grave send;

6d. thereof to

poses of the said recited and this present Act may be effected, and the forestalling and monopolising of Fish in general prevented, and to defray such Charges as may attend the Execution of his or their Office, as hereafter mentioned; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, there shall be paid to his Majesty's Searcher or Searchers at Gravesend, for the Certificate of the Entry of the Arrival of any such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or other Vessel or Vessels as aforesaid, the Sum of two Shillings, to be paid and applied in Manner following, go 10 ibe Scaich that is to say, There shall be kept and retained by and to the Use of the said Searcher or Searchers, for ma cr for his Cuti king out such Certificate, sixpence; and the remaining one Shilling and sixpence is hereby vested in the fcate; and 1 s. said Trustees, and shall be paid by such Searcher or Searchers, from Time to Time, to the said Trustees, 6 d. 10 the lru or ot]ler Person or Persons, as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall by Writing for jupam ty that Purpose, under their Hands and Seals, direct and appoint, whose Receipt shall be, and is hereby de-33 6v0.2. C 17. clared to he, at all Times, a full Discharge to such Searcher or Searchers for the same, which said Payment tote applied for of one Shilling and sixpence on each Fishing Vessel as aforesaid, shall be applied by the said Trustees, or Clisitcsoia^any five of them, in the first Place, to pay such inspector or Inspectors of the Fishing Vessels for his or their !nn|sn" flnr"lteservice, and for the Charges of a Boat, such yearly Sum as the said Trustees, or any nine of them,

- shall think is fit and reasonable for such Service; and if any Surplus arises, over and above, then to apply

such Surplus in the same Manner as the Surplus arising from the Tolls and Duties of the said recited A CL are directed to be applied.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, in order the better to discover any Offenders against this Act, That the Master, Owner, Chief Officer or Mariner, who shall have the Care or Conduct of any such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or other Vessel or Vessels, made life of for the catching or importing of Fish as aforesaid, shall within three Days after the Arrival of such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or other Vessel or Vessels, at the Nore as aforesaid, truly report the Time of such Arrival to his Majesty's said Searcher or Searchers, at their Office at Gravesend, or to the Chief Officer of his Majesty's Customs there, who is hereby directed and required to take Notice of, and enter the same in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and to give a Certificate thereof to such Master, Owner, Chief Officer or Mariner, belonging to the said Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or other Vessel.

of Inspector uni Ihe Surplus as the Duties are dire died. jviafler to give Is o'ice within three Days of his Vessel's Ariival at the Nore, to the Searcnci at Gravesend j Rtpeukd 3 j Geo. 2. C z. Entry to be mode t hen of, and a

certific.urgivcn.

VIII. And the better to prevent the Removal of the said Fishing Vessels and Cargoes out of the Limits of the County, City and Liberty, or Town Corporate, where the Offence shall he committed, before such Warrant of DU Distress can be made, whereby the Effect of such Convictions as aforesaid may be defeated; Be it enacted flreis n.tiy be ex py tpe Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the High Constable, Petty confta itn oi't'heki kle, Headborough or Tythingman, of Queenborough, Gravesend or any other Towns being Corporations, vers Mefway or or of any County, City or Liberty, to whom such Warrant of Distress shall he directed, to execute the Thames, C same in ary Part of the River Medway or River Thames, or any Creek or Water thereof between the sole and the City of Westminster; and that such Warrant or Warrants, or other A eft or Acts of the said Mayors, Recorders, Aldermen or such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and the Act or Acts of the Constable, Headborough, Tythingman or other Person or Persons, in Obedience to such Warrant or Warrants, shall be as valid, good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were executed within the proper Limits of their own Town, Liberty, Precinct or Jurisdiction.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Fisherman, Fishmonger or other Person or Persons shall sell, or expose to Sale, in any House, Shop, Stall or Standing, any Fish of any Kind whatsoever, within five hundred Yards of the said Free Fish Market, appointed to be held in the

yards of the?ifo City of Westminster, or the Bounds or Limits of ftteh Ground as hath been appointed or assigned by or by Mjikct, with, virtue of the said recited Act for holding the same, without the Licence and Con fen t of the said '1 rustees cut a Licence, appointed or to be appointed to put the said recited and this present Act in Execution, or any five or more

of

51. Tensity on selling cr exyo sing 10 Sale any Fish within 500

39-

727

of them, in Writing under their Hands and Seals first had and obtained for that Purpose, such Fisherman,

Fishtnonger or other Person or Persons, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; to be paid on the conviction of such Offender, before any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty of tfejhninfler, on the Confession of the Party, or on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses who shall prove the same, and this without further Appeal, with Power northeast Just ce mw vertheless to such Justice or Justices of mitigating the same; and on refusing Payment on such conviction, mitigate the then such Justice or Justices, or any other of his Majesty's justices of the Peace, shall and may grant their t'enaltr warrant of distress, to levy the same upon such offender's Goods and Chattles, and divide the Sum wherein such Offender shall so stand convicted, as follows; to wit, one Half to the Informer, and the other Half Application of to the Trustees appointed in and by the said recited act, to be applied to the same Use as the Surplus Mo 1 4 cn, ity' nies arising by the Profits of the Market are in and by the said recited Act directed to be paid and applied,

X. And whereas the said Trustees, for the greater Accommodation of the Inhabitants of Westminster in restraining con resorting to the said Fish Market, have granted a Lease to Richard Hughes, of Part of the assigned Ground d.lions in a 4 for holding the said Fish Market, wherein the said Richard Hughes hath built eight Houses, with Conveni blll<line Lease encies fit for Fishmongers to sell Fish by Retail: And whereas the said Richard Hughes is restrained by the hes

said Lease from letting the said Houses to any other than Fishmongers, whereby several of the Houses are" ug ies>

uninhabited, and great Loss hath accrued to the said Richard Hughes thereby, and still further Loss may accrue to the said Richard Hughes, in eal'e he shall he obliged strictly to comply therewith; and even such Fishmongers who may settle there are in Danger of incurring the Penalties against Regrators, should they expose to Sale again in their Shops, any Fish I ought by them at or in the said Free Fish marketbe it trufe's mav enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any nine ofdispense with them, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals for that Purpose, as they may see Occasion, to dif lhesaid rc pense with such Restraint, and to defeazance the Covenant of the said Richard H ghes in that respect, so far as it respects to two End Houses of the said eight Houses; the Clause in the said recited Act, whereby two End Houses the Commissioners for building a new Bridge cross the River Thames, from the New Palace Yard in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry, are authorised and empowered to grant the Ground therein mentioned, to be made Use of for holding the intended Market in the said Act mentioned, or any other Clause in the said recited Act notwithstanding; that it shall and may he. lawful to Fishmongers in and for any Fishmongers holding Shops for the Sale of Fish in any of the said eight Houses, to sell and ex for

pose to Sale any Fish whatever in their said Shops, although they shall have bought the same in the said s\op'°fish f Free Fish Market at Westminster.'bought in the

XI. And whereas William Hanington Fishmonger hath, at a considerable Expense, purchased and fitted Market.

up for the carrying oil his Trade and Business, a certain Messuage or Tenement situate in Bridge Street in the City of Westminster, and within the Distance of five hundred Yards from the said Free Fiin Market, Trustees to pay and will be a great Sufferer if tie should be restrained from carrying on and exercising his said Trade and William Han Business in the said House, without receiving a proper Recompence and Satisfaction for such Damages and ingto.u ocoi. in Expenses as he may thereby sustain and be put unto; 'Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, !'eu of Damages That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall be, and are hereby authorised, directed and im ^/ai^edfrorii powered, to pay to the said William Hanington, his Executors or Administrators, before Michaelmas Day selling Fist next, the Sum of two hundred Pounds, being a proper Recompence and Satisfaction for the Loss, Dama whiin a cer ges and Expences, he may sustain or be put unto as aforesaid. tain Distance of

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said William Hanington shall not be i' o murkit subject or liable unto any the Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by this Act on such Person and Persons as hanir.gton ex shall sell, or expose to Sale, in any Houfle, Houses, Shops, Stalls or Standings, any Kind of Fish whatsoever, within five hundred Yards of the said Free Fifth Market, until Michaelmas Day next, and until such pui/near"the" Time as the said Sum of two hundred Pounds shall be paid unto him as is herein directed to be paid as afore Market, until said; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. the zoo 1. be

XIII. And whereas the said Trustees appointed by the said recited act were empowered and authorised Pa, d, iun*

by the said act, to assign over the Tolls and Duties made payable thereby, as a Security for such Sum or Sums of Money, as the said Trustees might have Occasion to borrow to discharge the Expences of laying out, making and erecting a commodious Place for the said Market, and other necessary Expenses that should attend the Execution of the said act: And whereas the said Tolls and Duties have not produced any Sum or Sums sufficient in any wise to pay or discharge the Principal or Interest money borrowed by the said Trustees, upon the said Tolls and Duties, and they have Power and Authority only to apply the Money that shall arise by such Tells and Duties, in paying the same Be it therefore further enacted,

hall hoi row on this or the recited Act.

whatsoever, which have been or maybe, reserved or made payable, in or by any Grant, Lease, Contract Svcurky for any or Agreement, made or to be made, by and between the said Trustees, and any Person or Persons whatfc Money they ever, for the Ground and premisses assigned by virtue of the said recited Act, for holding the said Fish Market, or any Part of such Ground and premisses, or from, by or out of, any Building or erection, Buildings or ereclions, thereon erected and built, or to be erected and built, as a Security for such Sum or Sums of Money, as the said Trustees shall have Occasion to borrow, for the Purposes of the said recited and this present act, to such Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the same, to secure the Payment thereof, with such Interest as shall be agreed upon, not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Yhmam; and the said Application of Trustees shall apply the Money which they shall so borrow, to the Discharge of such Debts, as have been the Moniesbor. contracted by the said Trustees, in executing the said recited act, and in paying to the said William ha nington, his Executors or Administrators, such Sum of two hundred Pounds as aforesaid; for such Uses,

Intents and Purposes, as the said Trustees, or any Number of them, are empowered by this or the said recited

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

g 2 8 C 4.0,

A.D. 1756.

Part of the recited

"i h rcrpe£l to 'he Sale of Fish under Size, repealed,

2z Geo. 2. c. 49* §. 21.

Penalties payable by die lecited act to the Poor of the Pari Hi, to be paid for the future to the Trustees, and to be applied in putting out Apprentices, Trustees of the former Act, to put this Act in Execution, C Limitation of Actions,

[General Issue.]

Treble Costp.

Concerning fish cry see farther 3c Geo. 2. c. 21

cited Act, to apply such Moneys as might arise by such Tolls anu Duties as aforesaid; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act, as gives Allowance or Liberty for the exposing to Sale, or exchanging for any other Goods, any of the several Kinds of Fish therein describ CD and under the Dimentsions ns are prohibited by the Statute in the said recited Act for that Purpose, and herein before mentioned, in case the fume are taken with a Hook, and so not fit or capable of being preserved alive, be repealed, and the same is hereby repealed accordingly; the said recited Act, or any Clause, Matter or Tiling therein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Part of the Penalties which by the said recited Act, are to be paid to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence is committed, be paid to the Trustees mentioned in the said recited Act, or such Person or Persons as they, or any five of them shall appoint, to the Increase of the Surplus of the Tolls and Profits thereby appropriated to the putting out of Apprentices to Fishermen, Masters of Ships, or some other Person or Persons employed in the Sea Service; anything in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; And further. That all and every the Trustees appointed and to be appointed under the Authority of the said recited Act, shall and are hereby empowered to execute this, as well as the said recited Act, and all and every the Clause and Clauses contained in the said recited Act, shall Hand in full Force, except such Parts thereof as are altered by this present Act.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, lor anything done in pursuance of this Act, every fneh Action or Suit shall be brought within six Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or brought in the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit so to be brought, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Case by Law.

G? 30. 33 Geo. z. C 27. and z Geo. 3. c. 15.

CAP. XL

An Act to improve, widen and enlarge the Passage over and through London Bridge:

See a Geo. 3. c. 117 WHEREAS the Passage over and through London Bridge is very dangerous and incommodious

f.50. ' jv and it is absolutely necessary immediately to widen and enlarge the same, and the widening and enc

larging the said Bridge, and one or more of the Arches thereof, will be of Public Utility, of great Be 1 nefit to Trade and Commerce, make the Navigation upon the River 'thames more safe and secure, and greatly tend to the Preservation of the Lives of his Majesty's Subjects passing over and through the said Bridge: And whereas in order to the same, it is necessary that the Houses, Edifices and Buildings on the said Bridge, and some Houses and Edifices contiguous thereto, should be taken down and removed May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and The Mayor and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor, al c'd'are imw" c'ermen anl^ Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, shall with all convenient ned to purchase Speed after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, eontraft and agree for and remove the the purchaung (if they can) of all Houses, Tenements, Edifices, Erections and Buildings, now standing Buiirtinua on, or being on the said Bridge, or contiguous or adjoining thereto (which do not belong to the Mayor and Flngis." ° "s Commonalty and Citizens of London) which the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common coun t, t e ntgr, cj] a(]"embled, shall judge necessary to be taken down and removed, for the Enlargement and Improvement of the Passage over, and the Avenues leading to and from the said Bridge; and that upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed to be paid for the same, and in case no Agreement shall be made for the same, on making Satisfaction in Manner herein after mentioned, to ail Owners of, and Persons interested in such Houses, Tenements, Edifices, Erections and Buildings, not belonging to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of i^ondon; and to the Lessees and Occupiers of all Houses or Tenements which shall be ordered or deemed necessary to be taken down, and of all Ground which shall be deemed necessary to be laid to the said Bridge for the Enlargement thereof; the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled. are hereby authorised and required with all convenient Speed, afterwards to cause to be taken down all such Houses, Tenements, Edifices, Erections and Buildings, and also such Houses, Tenements and Buildings on and contiguous to the said Bridge, which belong to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, as the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council afteni and to widen one bled, shall deem necessary and proper to be taken down for the Purposes aforesaid; also to cause the or more of the Materials thereof to be removed and taken away, after any such Houses, Tenements, Edifices, Erections Aiches; and Buildings shall be taken down; and likewise to widen or enlarge one or more of the Arches of the said Bridge, as the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall from Time to Time judge necessary and direct; and this Act shall he sufficient Authority to indemnify them and all Per. authorised by them for so doing, as well against the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, as against the Heirs, Executors, Administrators anil Assigns, of all and every the Owners of, and all other

Persons

C 40.

729

Persons interested in any such Houses, Buildings and Ground, and the Lefiecs and Occupiers thereof, as if the same had been sold by Deed of Feoffment, Bargain and Sale, or other Assurance in the Law whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, and m dccpn in Common Council assembled, shall also, from Time to Time, design, assign, and lay out how and

hmv the paf may be rcnjc CD m mc

what Manner, and with what Materials, the Passage over and through the said Bridge shall be widened, enlarged, and rendered more safe and commodious, and how the same, and the said Bridge, may and shall, (de and com. from Time to Time, be preserved and kept in good Repair and Order, and shall make Contrasts, and do modbus, ar.j all other Matters and Things requisite for carrying on and effecting the Purposes directed by this atto be the e.iq.c pre done, and for causing the same to be effectually perfected, as to them shall seem meet. kived.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Passage over the said Bridge A b.iiluflrade to shall be secured and preserved by a proper and uniform Ballustrade to be erected on each Side thereof, and be erei?c<i cn that the said Passage shall be fortyfive Feet wide, if it will admit thereof, and laid out in Manner herein that is to say, The Passage for Carriages, Horses and other Cattle, shall be thirty-one A a pa«hge of Feet wide; and the foot ways for Passengers on each Side of the said Bridge, shall be seven Feet wide; 31 Feet to be and the said Passage shall be made and continued safe and commodious in all Respects, by such Ways, and opened for car in such Manner, as the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall order or"a2es»md

direct seven Feet for

UIKU' _ _ Foot Fassengers,

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, I hat such convenient and Sufficient Number of^am s to be Glass lamps, of such Sort and Fashion, and put up in such Parts and Places of the said Bridge, as to the 0 said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, shall seem meet and n expedient, shall be with all convenient Speed, after, the said Bridge shall be widened, enlarged and repaired, in Manner as herein before is directed, credted and fixed upon proper Parts or Places of the said Bridge; and the same shall yearly and every Year be kept lighted and burning from sun setting to sun rising to be kept throughout the Year and that the said Mayor, Aldermen Commons, in Common Council assembled, ifiall iig'o'ed frcm from Time to Time, after any Houses on the said Bridge shall be taken down in pursuance of this Act, riivn^to nominate and appoint such a Number of able-bodied Watchmen as they shall judge necessary and proper toaa" a witch to be kept upon the said Bridge, for the Safety and Protection of Persons passing over the same, which Watch guardthe Bridge; men so to be appointed, shall be subject to such Rules, Orders and Directions, as shall from Time to Time be made by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and removeable at their Will and Pleasure; the Expense of buying and erecting of such Lamps er Lights, and also the to be defrayed yearly Charges of supplying, maintaining and repairing the same, and the Charges and Expenses of watch out of the Bridge ing the said Bridge, shall be born and paid out of the Eflrate and Revenues belonging to the said Bridge. eft itc

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after pena], y of the erecting and placing the said Lamps, wilfully or maliciously break, throw down, or extinguish any breaking, clamp that shall be setup to light the said Bridge, or wilfully damage the Polls, Irons or other Furniture ths Lamps, thereof, every Person so offending therein, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City of London, or the Borough of Southwark, or the County of Surry, as the Case may happen, shall be subject to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are inflicted by an act of the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty, entitled, the same as in an Act for making more effectual provision for enlightening the Streets of the City of London. Sifted by Act

VI. And for the preventing wilful and malicious damaging or destroying the said Bridge, or any Part eo 2, c-19' thereof, or hindering or interrupting the repairing thereof, or the widening and enlarging the Passage over

and through the same; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall un Destroying, Sec. lawfully, wilfully and maliciously blow up, pull down or destroy the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, ortlle b«dge, or remove, destroy or take away, any Works which now do or shall belong thereto, or in any wise direct or s pelon procure the same to be done, whereby the said Bridge or the Works thereof shall be damaged, or the Lives or'e of Passengers endangered; every such Offender or Offenders, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer as a Felon.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Timber, Stones, Bricks, Tiles, Slates, Materia!; of th planks, Iron, Lead, Glass and all Cither Materials belonging or appertaining to the several Houses or Tene Buildings taken ments. Edifices and Buildings, that shall be taken down by virtue of this Act, shall be, and the same are down, veiled in hereby vested in the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the said City of London; and the said May the Cl'v> and r or, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, are hereby required with all convenient AA Speed, after any such Houses or Buildings shall be taken down, to cause such Timber, Stones, Bricks, 'c Tiles, Slates, Planks, Iron, Lead, Glass or other Materials, to be removed from off the Premises, and to use and employ such thereof as they shall see sitting towards widening, enlarging and rendering more commodious the Passage oyer the said Bridge, and under the same, and what thereof shall afterwards remain, shall either he employed towards Reparation of the other Estates belonging to the said brijge house, or else shall be sold and disposed of for as much Money as can be had or gotten for the same, as they shall from Time to Time deem belt; and the Money arising by and from the Sale of such Part thereof as shall be sold, shall go and be applied to and for the Purposes of this Act.

VIII. And whereas it may happen that some Persons or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Feof sees in Trust, Femes Covert, or others, who are seized of some Houses, Edifices qr Grounds, which may be necessary to be pulled down or purchased, and set out or assigned, for widening and enlarging the Passage over the said Bridge, or the Avenues thereto, as aforesaid, may be willing to treat and agree to sell such Houses, Edifices and Grounds, to perfect so useful and necessary a Work, but are incapable of selling, granting or conveying the same Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall Bodies Poiitick, and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, C Trustees, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians or other Trustees whomsoever, and foran'1 others, a'

vol. VII r A all towered tu fell

C 40.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

their projv tty in any of the B lining;

Where any Persons shall refuse to treaf, or are prevented from tiering, C

men to issue a Precept for the j'ummoning a

j»y>

V 1m ave to be

(t'awn as Art

1

Ge

2. c. 25.

all Femes Covert, and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seized, possessed of, or interested in, any such Houses, Edifices, Tenement! or Ground, to sell and convey all or any such Houses, Edifices, Tenements and Ground, or any Part thereof, and all their Estates, Rights, Titles and Interests v/atsoever, of, in and to the same, to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and their Successors, or to such Persons, and their Heirs for ever, as the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall direct, in Trust for the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their successors, for the Purposes in this Act contained; and that HI Contracts, Agreements, 'sales and Conveyances, which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act as aforesaid, shall without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyance or Assurance in the Law whatsoever, be good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: that all such Persons are and shall be hereby indemnified for what thy shall do by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if anybody Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, in and by this Act impowered and qualified to eontraft, fell, convey and dispose of, any Part of the premisses for the Purposes herein before mentioned, shall refuse to treat and agree as aforesaid, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating and agreeing, or shall decline or refuse to sell, convey and dispose of, the Premises, whereof, wherein, orwhereunto, they respectively shall be so seized, possessed, interested or intitled, as aforesaid, or their respective Rights, Titles, Claims or Interests, to, in or upon the same, or any Part thereof, unto the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and their Successors, or such Persons as the cr stir.li not make said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall appoint, for the Purposes, and ut a Title, the according to the Tenor, true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, or shall not produce or make out a Court of Aider ce; ir Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the Interest they claim thereto, to the Satisfaction of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court, and they are hereby empowered and authorised to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, to the Sheriffs of the said City of London, or to the Bailiff of the Borough of Southwark, as the Case shall require, who are, and every of them is, hereby authorised, directed and required accordingly, to impanel and return a competent Number of substantial disinterested Persons, qualified to serve on Juries, and not less than forty-eight; and out of such Persons so to be impanelled, summoned and returned, a jury of twelve Persons shall be drawn by some Person by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen to be appointed, in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of iitues joined in his Majesty's Courts at tvcjimlnjier, by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, are directed to be drawn; which Persons so to be impanelled, summoned and returned, as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, if the Premises in Dispute lie in London, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall he directed and appointed, and to attend there, from Day today, until discharged by the said Court; and if the Premises lie in the County of Surry, before the Justices of the Borough of Southwark., at some General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the said Borough, or some Adjournment thereof; and all Persons concerned final! have their lawful Challenges (hut not challenge the Array of the Panel) against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, cr Justices

*: may ' ra" as aforesaid, are hereby respectively authorised and empowered, by Precept or Order, from Time to Time, mon ani cx.i as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought necessary to be examined as Witnesses before them, and to examine them on their Oath or Oaths touching and concerning the Premises; and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and Justices, as aforesaid respectively, if they think fit, shall and may likewise authorise the said Jury to view the Place or Places, or Matters in Question, in such Manner as they shall direct; the find Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or justices, as aforesaid, shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Day today, as Occasion sit all require; and such Jury, Witnesses and Parties, shall attend until all such Affairs for which they were summoned shall be concluded: And the said Jury, upon their Oaths, shall inquire of the Value of such Houses Ground, Tenements, Edifices, Erections and Buildings, which shall be necessary to be purchased, and of the respective Estate and Interest of every Person seized or possessed of, or interested therein, or in any Part thereof; and such Jury shall assess the Sum and Sums to be paid to every such Person or Persons for the Pu chase of such their Estates and Interests which flia.il be necessary to be so purchased; the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices, as aforesaid, shall and may respectively give Judgement for such Sum and Sums of Money so to be assessed; said Verdict or Verdicts, and the said Judgement, Decree and Determination thereon (Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons interested, at least fourteen Days before the Time of such Act'effment, declaring the Time and Place of the Meeting of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices as aforesaid, and Jury, by leaving such Notice at the dwelling house of such Person or Persons, or at his, her or their usual Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of some of the fined Houses, Ground, Tenements, Edifices, Erections or Buildings, intended to be valued and assessed, in case such Party cannot otherwisebe found out, to be served with such Notice) shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as well against the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, life or Interest in, to or out of the same, either in Possession, rever fion, Remainder or Expectancy, as well Infants, and Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Disability, and all other Cestui qne Trusts, his, her and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, as against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdicts, Judgments and Decrees, and all other Proceedings of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices as aforesaid, and Juries, so to be made, given and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed and sealed by the said Mayor for the Time being j and such Verdicts, Judgments

and

directs.

Jury may he ballcngc d

i non

mine v/imeftes on Oath, and dheft: the my so view ?Uo Places in r.heftion, C

Jury to a fiefs the Value.

and the Court tj give final Judgement.

Previous Notice to be given to the Parlies itiicidied.

"Verdict of the Jury and Judgement and Proceedings of the Court to be

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

C 40.

7.

and Decrees, and other Proceedings, as relate to, or concern Houses, Grounds, Tenements, Edifices, Erec signed and foii d tions and Buildings in London, Avail be entered in the Town clerk's Office of the City of London; and such by tl>c as relate to or concern any Houses, Grounds, Tenements, Edifices, Erections or Buildings in the County and CC; of Surry, shall bs transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, and kept amongst the Records of the Quarter sessions of the said County; and the said Verdicts, Judgments and Decrees, and all other Proceedings, shall be deemed and taken to be Records to all Intents and Purposes whatsover; and the same, Copies may be or some Copy thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good and effectual Evidence and Proof in any Court t ken; or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever, and all Persons may have Recourse to the same gratis, and take the same demit t Copies thereof, paying for every Copy not exceeding two hundred Words, Sixpence; and so proportion e°otlevince, ably for any greater or Idler Number of Words.

X. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money Upon Payment so to be assessed and decreed as aforesaid, the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so assessed and de of tl)c purchase creed for the Purchase of the Houses, Tenements and Hereditaments, or for the Purchase of any Estate or Interest therein, shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid and legal Convey rul£d ovdic tie ances and Assurances in the Law, to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, or to ro; ms, in Trail any Person or Persons whom the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council afi embled, for the City, shall direct and appoint, and their Heirs, in Trust, for the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the said City, of such Houses, Ground, Tenements, Edifices, Erections and Buildings, or of such Estate or Interest, for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded; and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Alignments and Assurances, and shall do all Acts, Matters and Things, re ceffaryor requisite to make a clear, good and pel fed! Title to such Premises, to the said adayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City; and such Conveyances, Alignments and Assurances, shall contain all such reasonable and usual Covenants as shall, on the Part of the said Alayor and Commonalty and Citizens, be required; and in case such Person or Persons to whom any such Sum or Sums shall be so awarded or due as aforesaid, shall not be able to evidence their Title to the Premises, to the said Adayor, Aldermen and Commons in Common Council assembled, and to make, or procure to be made, good, vajid and legal Convey Where a gesd ances thereof to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or to such Person or Persons as the said Title cannot tc Mayor, Aldermen and Commons in Common Council assembled, shall appoint, or shall refuse so to do, p7ivonv vance being thereto required, and such Sum or Sums so assessed and awarded, or due as aforesaid, being produced and tendered to be paid to them, on their making such Title, and executing, and procuring to be executed, '

such Conveyances, Affianments or Assurances as aforesaid; or if incase such Person or Persons, to whom or the Patties such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so assessed or due as aforesaid, cannot be found in the City or County sre not 10 where the Houses, Ground, Tenements, Edifices, Eredfions and Buildings, for which the Sums shall be so fcuki1' assessed and awarded, or are due, lie; or in case that by reason of Disputes depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Defect of Evidence, it shall not appear to the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, what Person or Persons is or are entitled; or if any Alort or Mortgagee gagee shall refuse to take in his or her Alortgage Money due on the Premises, after Notice given to him or j*11 her for for that Purpose as herein before is provided that then, and in all and every such Case and Cases, 4, e wior. y, " it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen to order the Sum or Sums so a

assessed and awarded as aforesaid, as the Value of and Purchase A'loney for, such Houses, Ground, Tenements, Edifices, Erections and Buildings, or as shall be due on any such Mortgage, to be paid info the Court may ray Bank of England, for the use of the Parties interested in the said Premises, to be paid to them, and every of the Money ir.t» them, according to their respective Estates and Interests in the said Premises, as the said Court of Adayor 'he Bank, and Aldermen shall, by any Order to be made to them, direct; and the Caftiier orcafiiiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum and Sums, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for Receipt to Is such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what Premises, and for what Use the same is and are re given for the ceived, to such Personas shall pay such Sum or Sums into the Bank of England as aforesaid; Receipt (am?. i'rccll; 'r, e or Receipts shall be entered on Record, and registered in such Place, and in such Manner, as the said ver die!. Judgement and other Proceedings, are herein before required to be kept; and immediately on such Pay 7hkh7e to be merit and Registry, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand in registered;

Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons for whose Use the same was paid, in, to and out of such Houses,

illy and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the said Premises had actually conveyed cue, same by Lease ami Release, Bargain and Sale enrolled. Feoffment with Livery and Seisin, Fine ard Reco t u ' very, or any other legal Conveyance whatsoever; and such Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title,

Interest, Claim and Demand, of the Person and Persons to whose Use such Payment was made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and wives of such Person or Persons, and all Estates Tail in Reversion or Remainder, against the Issue and Issues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as effectually as a Fine or Recovery would do, or would have done, if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

XL. Provided always, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the said Court of At ay or and Alder Court, at tka men, after such Payment into the Bank, and Registry as aforesaid, at the Petition of any Person or Persons Petition of the interested in such Houses, Ground, Tenements, Edifices, Erections and Buildings, or the Moneys so paid oi^erufe^ into the Bank for the Purchase thereof, or in respect of any Right or Interest therein, to place out or invest, Porch fc mmey or cause to be placed out or invested, such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, in some of the pub to beinvettedin lick Funds, or on Government Securities, at Interest, in the Name of any Person or Persons, authorised the publ!ck and appointed by the said Court of A'layor and Aldermen for that Purpose, i: i Trust, to transfer and assign I'un "6 ln > the same to such Person or Persons to whom the Adoney so paid in shall belong, on their executing proper Conveyances thereof; and in the mean Time in Trust to pay the Interests and Dividends atifing therefrom,

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

anct the Persons in thed to ths inefiie Profits, to tccover the in tcrcrt of purchase money. Court of aider men to make an Order on the Bank for that Purpose, on which they are to be quiered in their Possession. Mortgagee on six Months Notice,

is to assign over the premiltes, on Tender or Payment.

On his Refusal, Interest: to cease.

After Purchase made, Tenants to deliver up Possession within a Year alter Noeice.

On Refusal, Court to fine a Precept to the Sheriff to take Possession,

and levy the Charges,

Court may fine the Sheriff, his Deputy or Officer, Jury anj Witnessus, making Default:

and levy the same by Dillrtfs and Sale,

purchase money 'to be paid to the Nominee in Trust, and to be < re in veiled in purchase of other Me flu ages, & C subject to like Uses.

to such Person or Persons who was or were in possession of the said Premises, at the Time of the faici Payment into the Bank.

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, who would be entitled to recover the mesne Profits of the premiltes, against the Person or Persons in Possession, in case the same had not been so conveyed to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or by their Directions as aforesaid, shall be entitled to recover the Sum or Sums arising, or to arise from such Interest and Dividend as aforesaid, by Action of Debt against the Person or Persons who shall receive the same; and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen are hereby empowered and authorised to make such Order as aforesaid, on the Bank, for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, as shall be necessary, in order to their being so invested in public Securities; and the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, shall be quieted in the Possession of the Houses, Ground, Tenements, Edifices, Erections and Buildings, for which such Money shall be so paid as aforesaid, and shall not be answerable or accountable in any Court of Law or Equity, for the Money to be so deposited and placed out as aforesaid, any otherwise than according to the Tenor, Purport and true Meaning of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Mortgagee and Mortgagees of any Houses, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased in pursuance of this Act, his, her and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, on having six Months Notice in Writing given to him, her or them, from the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons in Common Council assembled, or any Person authorised by them, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal and Interest Money, which' at the Expiration of the said six Months shall be due on any Inch Mortgage, shall at the End of the said six Months, after every such Notice, on Payment or Tender of the Principal and Interest Money, which shall be then due, convey and assign his, her and their respective Estates and Interests, in and to the said Mortgaged Premises, to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or such Person or Persons, as the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall appoint, in Trust for the said Mayor, and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors; if any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, hen or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall refuse so to do, then all Interest on every such Mortgage, from the Expiration of the said six Months, after any such Notice given as aforesaid, shall cease and determine.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City of London, 'in Common Council assembled, or any Person authorised by them, shall, after any Houses or Tenements shall be purchased by them, in pursuance of this Act, give twelve Months Notice in Writing, to the Tenants or Occupiers of any such Houses or Tenements, which shall be so purchased, who shall have no greater Interest therein respectively, than as Tenants at Will, or as Lessees by Parole for a Year, or from Year to Year, to quit or deliver up the Possession of such Houses or Tenements, at the Expiration of such twelve Months; then every such Tenants or Occupiers shall, at the End of the said twelve Months after every such Notice, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the Premises, so by him, her or them respectively occupied, to the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to take Possession thereof; and if any Person foin Possession thereof, shall refuse to give up the Possession thereof, at the Expiration of such twelve Months, after every such Notice as aforesaid, it shall 'oe lawful for the said Courr of Mayor and Aldermen, from Time to Time, to issue a Precept or Precepts to the Sheriffs of the City of London, if the Premises shall be within the said City, and if in the County of Surry, to the Bailiff of the Borough of Southwark, to cause possession thereof to be delivered to such Person or Persons, who shall be in such Precept or Precepts nominated to receive the same; and the Sheriffs of the said City of London, if the Premises shall be within the said City, and if within the County of Surry, the Bailiff of the Borough of Southwark, are hereby respectively required to deliver Possession according to such said Precept or Precepts, of the Premises therein mentioned, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue by Means of the issuing 'and execution of every such Precept or Precepts, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of any Person or Persons, who shall neglect or refuse to pay the same.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices as aforesaid, from Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, on any Sheriff or Sheriffs, or their Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs qr Agents respectively, who shall make any Default in the Premises, and on any Persons who shall he summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries, who shall not appear, and also tn any Witness or witnesses who shall not attend, or who shall attend and refuse to be sworn, or who being sworn shall refuse to give Evidence, and on any Person summoned and returned on such Jury or Juries, who shall refuse to be sworn on any such Jury or Juries, or being sworn thereon shall not give his or their Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty, in or touching the premiltes, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and from Time to Time to levy such Fine or Fines, by Order of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices as aforesaid, as the Case may require, by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner; and all such Fines which shall be so recovered and received, shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the principal Money arising from the Sale of any Houses, Edifices, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased for the Purposes contained in this Act, of anybody Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees or other Trustees, or from any Feme Coverts, shall be paid to such Persons as they shall respectively nominate to receive the same, in Trust, with all convenient Speed, to be reinvested in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to the like Ul'es, Trulls, Limitations, Remainders and

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

c. 40; 733

Contingencies, as the Houses, Edifices, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased from them respectively, by the said Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens as aforesaid - respectively settled, limited or aftured, at the Time of such the purchasing of the same, or so many thereof, as at the Time of making such Conveyances and Settlements shall be existing, and capable of taking Effect.

XVII. And to the Intent the Passage over the Lid Bridge may always be kept open and rendered more safe and commodious, and be clear of all Buildings (except as herein is mentioned) Be it further enacted After the houses by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Houses and Tenements, intended as aforesaid, be taken down, I the Bridge are shall be taken down, the Ground and Soil on which the same now stand, shall lie open, and be deemed and gr0eunna°to t'cthe used as a common and public Highway for ever; and that no House or other Building shall be erected on laid open, the said Bridge (except such Gates and toll houses as are herein provided and directed) and that all Car and Carriages riages passing over the said Bridge from London shall go on the East Side thereof as near as may be, and that passing over from all Carriages passing over the said Bridge to London shall go on the Well Side thereof as near as may be; and l<]n<!o". to go that no Coachman or Driver shall stand or ply for Hire with any Coach or other Carriage whatsoever upon and tolondon^o the said Bridge, or leave any empty Coach or Carriage there; and that no Carman, Carter, Drayman or g0 on tj, e West Driver of any Carriage whatsoever, shall wilfully remain with any Cart, Carr, Dray, Wagon or other Side.

Carriage whatsoever on the said Bridge, longer than shall be necessary for going over the same, or leave any Carriages not to empty Cart, Dray or other Carriage upon the said Bridge; and that no Person shall put any Filth, Dung, Pj? gj(£, ir.eon Allies or Rubbish on the said Bridge, or do any AH which may be an Annoyance there; and if any Coach n0rrubbifii man. Carman, Carter, Drayman, Wagoner or Driver, shall offend herein, or any Person shall annoy any to be thrown Part of the said Bridge by putting or leaving any Filth, Dung, Ashes or Rubbish there or otherwise, it shall there, and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to apprehend and take, or causetobe apprehended and taken. Offender in every such Person or Persons so offending before the said Mayor of the City of London, or some other Justice, )rf^feb'°orl. of the Peace for the said City, or before some Justice of the Peace for the Borough of Southwark, or for the a jua7ce, and r County of Surry; and every such Offender being of any of the said Offences convinced by the Oath of one fined.'or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Mayor or any other such Justice, or by his or her con session, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, noriefs than two Shillings and sixpence; to go and be applied between the Parties informing against, and apprehending every Sins to go to tbs such Offender and Offenders, as the Mayor or Justice before whom the Party or Parties offending shall be Informer and convihed, shall direct; and in Default of immediate Payment thereof, the Offender or Offenders shall be Apprehender. committed by the Mayor or Justice before whom he, she or they were convicted, if in London, to the London f fender Workhouse, and if in the County of Surry, to a House of correhion for the said County, there to be kept to be committed, to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Days, as the Mayor or such Justice shall think fit to order, or until he, she or they shall have paid the Money directed by the Mayor or such Justice to be paid.

XVIII. And forasmuch as by the taking down of the Houses and Buildings which are now Handing upon London Bridge, or near adjoining thereto, the Rector of the united Parishes of Saint Magnus and Saint margaret's, New Fish street, London, will be deprived of recovering the Tythes belonging to him, and which are now charged on such of the Houses on londvn Bridge, as are in the said Parish of Saint Magnus; and the Rector of the Parish of Saint Olave, Southwark, will be deprived of the customsry Payments in lieu of Tythes which are now charged on or payable by the Occupiers of such of the said Houses and Buildings, now Handing on London Bridge, as are in the said Parish of Saint Olave, Southwark: And whereas there are Emoluments yearly arising from Surplice Fees and Easter Offerings to the Rector of the said united Parishes of Saint Magnus and Saint Margaret, New fish street, and to the Rector of the Ltd Parish of Saint Olave, from the Occupiers of such Houses on London Bridge, as are in the said respective Parishes; 'Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately after the pulling down any Houses, Buildings After culling or Tenements, on or contiguous to the said Bridge, which are in the said Parish of Saint Magnus, under the ^"n dichouses, Authority of this Act, all Tythes now payable to ther.edtor of the said united Parishes of Saint Magnus and uftonj)r7pay sairit Margaret, newfish street, from any such Houses, Buildings or Tenements, shall be for ever charged on all n; t.'ir s from and singular the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, belonging or in the Account of the Bridge House of thence, to be the City of London, and that immediately after the pulling down any Houses, Buildings or Tenements, on charged on the or contiguous to the said Bridge, which are in the said Parish of Saint Olave, Southwark, under the Au rl<ise hou18 thority of this Act, all customary Payments in lieu of Tythes now payable to the Rector of Saint Olave in j'alj s' Southwark, from any such Houses, Buildings or Tenements, on or near the said Bridge, which shall be so pulled down, or the Occupiers thereof, shall likewise for ever be charged upon all and singular the said Lands, Tenemfents and Hereditaments belonging to or in the Account of the bridge house Estate of the said City of London; and that all Sums of Money payable as aforesaid, for or in lieu of Tythes, shall be paid t.thestohepaid to the Rectors of the said Parishes of Saint Magnus and Saint Margaret, nevafish street, and Saint Olave in vec.rlv>a, !J Southwark respectively, for the Time being, forever, clear of all Taxes and Deductions by the said Mayor, ee 01 Taxes' Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London, or such Person or Persons as the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall appoint, out of the Rents and Profits of the said bridge house Estates, at the two most usual Feasts; is to say. The Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, and the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, by equal Payments in every Year; the first Payment 7j, I(] to

thereof to begin and commence on such of the Feast Days as shall first happen after the pulling down any be rad yearly to of such Houses or Tenements; and that the yearly Sum of seven Pounds fifteen Shillings aird one Penny, shall Rcitor of Saint be likewise paid as aforesaid, out of the said bridge house Estate to the Reverend Master Robert Gibson, Magnus?. r.jsaint

'he said Parishes of Saint Magnus and Saint Margaret, from Margaret, u.

9. ^. lieu of Suit I;

during the Time he shall continue Rector of the

and immediately after the pulling down the said Houses, in lieu of Surplice Fees

clear of Taxes; and the yearly Sum of four Pounds eleven Shillings and fourpence, shall likewise be paid Offerings; and

1 7' n 'av - lieu of Surrlice

an Mer Utterings, F, d Easter

out of the said bridge house Estate to the Reverend Master Simon Hughes Rector of the said Parish of Saint 4 b 4d'»

m: £^3]} the rcf^or of

Olave, in lieu of Surplice Fees and Easter Offerings, clear of all Taxes, during such Time as he continue Rector of the said Parish of Saint Olave.

XIX

Saint Olave,

And

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

City to make good out of the Bridge Estate, the Deficiency in the poor's Rates and Land Tax, occasioned by pulling down the Houses,

10 Geo. 2. cis

and also the Rates chargeable thereon, to the Parish of Saint Oiavc,

Reservation of R 1 ghts to the Prop ietors of the Bridge waterworks.

If the City shall remove any of the Water Pipes,

the Proprietors my lay down where agreed on;

and repair the lame.

so as they make good Damages.

If in altering the Piers, a Deficiency of Water for the Waterworks shall cnlujs,

XIX. Ami whereas by means of pulling clown and talcing away the Houses upon the said erijge, and contiguous thereto, a great Deficiency will happen in the poor's Rates of the said Parishes of Saint Magnus and Saint Olave's, and the Land Tax heretofore assessed upon Account of such Houses, must be raised and paid by the Owners and Occupiers of such Houses and Lands who flail remain in the said Parishes, unless same Provision be made by this Act for the future Payment of the same Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, d hat such Share and Proportion which any House or Houses (now landing on the said Bridge, or contiguous thereto, and which flail hereafter be pulicj down and taken away from the same) used to contribute and pay or be charged towards the Quota of the Land Tax aftested upon the said Parishes, flail from and after the pulling down of such House and Houses, be for ever paid to the Collector or col leflors authorised to receive the same, by the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London, out of the Revenues and Estate belonging to the said Bridge; and that there flail likewise be paid by the said Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens, out of the said Revenues and Estates, to theoverfcers of the Poor of the said Parishes of Saint Magnus and Saint olave's respectively, for the Time being, towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parishes yearly and every Year, all such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Parishes shall be chargeable with on Account of any Person or Persons who already have gained or hereafter flail gain any Settlement, or become chargeable in the said Parishes, or either of them, on account of such Part of the said Parishes wherein the Houses which shall be pulled down by virtue of this al now stand.

XX. And whereas by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act' asl for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of Saint Olave in the City of London, and in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, all Lands, Houses, Tenements and Hereditaments, within the said Parish, were charged, and are still chargeable, with Assessments to be made thereon, not exceeding sixpence in the Pound in any one Year, of the yearly Rent of such Lands, Houses, Tenements and Hereditaments, as the same should be ascertained and rated by the land-tax, payable for the same, two third Parts of which Assessments were to be paid by the Landlords or Owners, and the other third Part was to be paid by the Tenants or Occupiers of such Lands, Houses, Tenements and Hereditaments, for and towards the Expense of rebuilding the said Parish Church, and until the same should be finished: whereas the said Parish Church is not yet finished; there remain several Debts unpaid, which have been contracted by the said Parish, on account of the rebuilding the said Church, which the said Parish is now charged with, and liable to pay: And whereas several of the Houses charged and chargeable with the said assessment, will be taken down, and the Ground whereon they stand will be applied to the Use of the said Bridge, whereby the said Parish of Saint Olave will lose the Assessments charged and chargeable thereon Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London, flail out of the Rents of the said bridge house Estate pay or cause to be paid, to the Churchwardens of the said Parish of Saint Olave, all such Rates and Sums of Money as might or would be chargeable upon the said Houses so to be taken down in pursuance of the said Act, as if the said Houses were Handing.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this present al contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed or taken to extend, to empower the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, to remove or alter any of the Arches under the said Bridge, or any Engines fixed up therein, which now belong to' the Proprietors of the London Bridge waterworks, or to take away any Right which the said Proprietors of the said London Bridge waterworks rn.'.v have to the Use or Enjoyment of any of the Arches of the said Bridge, by Grant or Lease from the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of London, for raising Water therefrom.

XXII. Provided further, and it is hereby also enabled, That if for the enlarging or altering the said Bridge, or any of the Arches thereof, in pursuance of this at, the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, flail eause to be amoved, or taken away, any of the Leaden Pipes which belong to the said Proprietors of the said London Bridge waterworks, and now lie on, or contiguous to the said Bridge, for conveying Water from their waterworks, then and in such Case, the said Proprietors of the said London Bridge waterworks flail have Liberty, and they are hereby authorised, at all Times then after, at their Costs, to place or lay down, in lieu of such Pipes, which shall be so amoved or taken away, other Lead or Iron Pipes upon and over such Part and Parts of the said Bridge, and contiguous thereto, as shall be agreed on between them and the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled; that until the Pipes which now lie on, or contiguous to the said Bridge, shall be amoved or taken away, the said Proprietors of the said London Bridge waterworks are hereby authorised, from Time to Time, as Occasion flaall require, to repair or amend the lame; and after the amoval or taking away any of the Leaden Pipes now lying on, or contiguous to the said Bridge, from Time to Time, to amend or repair as Occasion shall require, all other Lead or Iron Pipes which flail then after be placed or laid down on, or contiguous to the said Bridge, by the Proprietors of the said London Bridge waterworks, with the Approbation of the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, so as by the doing thereof the said Bridge, or any of the Arches thereof, be not prejudiced, and so as the Proprietors of the said London Bridge waterworks for the Time being do and flail, at all Times hereafter, make good all Damage which flail at any Times be done to the said Bt ijge, or the Pavement thereon, or any of the Arches thereof, by the taking up, laying down or repair ing, any of such Pipe or Pipes, and forthwith after any such Damage flail at any Time be done.

XXIII. And for preventing any Damage to the London Bridge waterworks, Te it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall be found necessary to take down or alter any of the Piers of the said Bridge, in order to enlarge any of the Arches thereof, and thereby the raising of Water by the said Works shall be prejudiced; that then and in every such Case the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, hall, and they are hereby required on Complaint and Proof of such Damage, to stop or pen up, or cause to be stopped or pent up, a like Body of Water as shall be discharged

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756. C. 40. 735

by the taking down or altering any of the said Piers, for the Use of the Proprietors of the said Waterworks.

XXIV. And forasmuch as the widening and enlarging the passage over and through the said Bridge be fore mentioned, and the purchasing such Houses, Edifices and Ground as aforesaid, and the making Saiif faction herein before directed, will be attended with considerable Charge and Expense Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June there shall be due and paid to the Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors to be nominated and appointed as herein after is mentioned, for Pontage, or in the Nature of a Toll, for passing over the said Bridge, over and above the Toll now paid and payable for loaded Wagons, Carts, Drays and Carriages passing over the said Bridge, the following Sums of Money (that is to say)

to be pent up.

Additional Toll to be paid by caniagfs and hoitrs passing over the Bridge,

For every Horse drawing any Coach, Chariot, Hearse, Berlin, Landau, Calash, Chaise or Chair, over The Tulls, the said Bridge, the Sum of one halfpenny.

And for every such Coach, Chariot, Hearse, Berlin, Landau, Calash, Chaise or Chair, one Penny.

And for every Horse not drawing, passing over the said Bridge, one halfpenny.

XXV. Provided always, That no Hackney Coach which lhill pass over the said Bridge empty, or the Horses drawing the same, hall pay any Toll whatsoever; nor shall any Horse or any Coach or Carriage whatsoever pay more than once a Day for passing over the said Bridge: Which said respective Sums of Money shall and may be demanded and taken in the Name of Pontage, or as a Toll or Duty; and the Moneys to be raised thereby, and all other Moneys to be received by Authority of this Act, are hereby vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London, and their Succeil ors; and the same and every Part thereof shall he paid, applied, disposed of and assigned to and for the several Uses, Intents and Purposes, and in such Manner as is herein mentioned and directed; and the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or such Persons as they shall depute, are hereby empowered to levy the Toll or Duty hereby required to be paid, upon any Person or Persons who shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the same as aforesaid, or to deny or hinder any passage over the said Bridge, until Payment thereof; which said Toll or Duty shall or may be levied by Distress of any Horse or Horses, or Carriage upon which such Toll or Duty is by this Act imposed, or upon any other of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons as ought to pay the same; and all such Horses or Goods may be detained till such Toll or Duty, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress, shall be paid; an! it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so distraining, after the Space of four Days after such Distress made and taken, to sell such Horse or Horses, or other Goods or Chattels so distrained, for Payment of the said Toil or Duty, rendering to the Owner or Owners thereof the Overplus upon Demand, after Satisfaction of the Lid Toll or Duty, and the reasonable Charges in or about making such Distress, detaining, keeping and Riling the same, shall be deducted and paid.

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, shall and may erect or cause to be erected a Gate or Gates, and also a toll house or toll houses, upon, in or near the said Bridge.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty six there shall be due and paid to the Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, who shall be appointed by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, by the Owner or Owners of every Hoy, Barge, Vessel, Lighter or other Craft having any Goods on Board, every Time any such Hoy, Barge, Vessel, Lighter or other Craft shall pass through any of the Arches of the said Bridge, the several Tolls or Sums of Money following (that is to say)

Ha' lcnoy Coach

cs ei7>r*y> exempted.

Tolls to be paid but or.ce a l)?y; which arevested in the City;

and may be levied by and Sale.

Gates and Tollhouses may be erected on or near the Bridge>

to'is to be by loaded Vessels passing the Bridge,

For every Floy, Barge, Vessel, Lighter or other Craft having any Goods on Board not exceeding five The Toils.

B oris Burden, the Sum of twopence.

For every such Hoy, Barge, Vessel, Lighter or other Craft not exceeding ten Tonnes, the Sum of threepence.

For every such Hoy, Barge, Vessel, Lighter or other Craft not exceeding twenty-five Tonnes, sixpence.

And for every such Hoy, Barge, Vessel, Lighter or other Craft above the Burden of twenty-five Tonnes, one Shilling.

Save and except out of such Tolls all such Crafts as shall be loaded only with Straw, Manure, Dung, exemi ncns compost or Lime, to be used for Tillage. from Tolls.

All which Tolls or Sums of Money shall from Time to Time be paid within the Space of three Months af le

ter every such Hoy, Barge, Vessel, Lighter or other Craft shall have passed through the said Bridge; and if within any Owner or Owners of any such Hoy, Barge, Vessel, Lighter, or other Craft which shall so pass through Month?, the said Bridge, shall for the Space of three Months neglect or refuse to pay the Tolls or Rates herein before appointed to be paid for every such Hoy, Barge, Vessel, Lighter or other Craft which shall so pass through the said Bridge, he and they shall forfeit and pay for every Offence the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied from on Penalty of ji. Time to Time by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Owner or Owners of any Rich Floy, Barge, Lighter, Vessel or other Craft which shall so pass through the said Bridge, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; all which Forfeitures, when recovered, shall, go and: be applied to the Uses of this Act.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it may and shall be city.may cam lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, from Time to Time to compound or agree by the Year or otherwise with the Owner or Owners of any Hoy, Barge, Vessel, f

Lighter or other Craft having Goods on Board, to pass through the Arches of the said Bridge for such Sum

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

of Money, and to be paid in such Manner as the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, hall think fit or reasonable; thing herein before contained to the contrary noc withstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth a id Tonnage today of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty six the Owner or Owners of every Hoy, Barge, be painted on vdtel, Lighter or other Craft (other than such Crafts as are herein before excepted) which ball pass ihe. eiicl, with Goods on board through any of the Arches of the faici Bridge, hall cause his, her or their Name or Names and Place or Places of Abode, together with the Tonnage of such Hoy, Barge, Vessel, Lighter or other Craft to be painted on same conspicuous Place or Part thereof; and the Owner or Owners of every such Hoy, Barge, Vessel, Lighter or other Craft (except as aforesaid) who shall omit so to do, shall, over and besides the Toll herein before appointed to be paid for passing through any of the Arches of the said Bridge, and the Penalty herein before infiifted in case of nonpayment thereof, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings every Time any such Ploy, Barge, Vessel, Lighter or other Craft (other than such Crafts as are herein before excepted) shall pass with Goods on Board through any of the Arches of the said Bridge, without having the Name or Names and Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners thereof painted on some conspicuous Place or Part of such Hoy, Barge, vessel, Lighter or other Craft, as also the Tonnage thereof; and every such Forfeiture shall be paid on the Conviction of every such Offender or Offenders by his, her or their Confession, or on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any Justice of the Peace of the City, County, Division or Place where such Owner or Owners shall live or be found, to the Person or Persons who ball make Information or Complaint to such Justice of any such Omission or Default as aforesaid; on the Offender or Offenders on such Conviction refusing or neglecting to pay the Money which shall be forfeited as aforesaid, the same may and shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, rendering to the Owner or Owners thereof the Overplus, if any, after the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale shall be paid.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace' of any County, City or Liberty, within whose Jurisdiction any Person or Persons subject and punishable by this Act for neglecting or refusing to pay any of the Tolls or Sums of Money herein before appointed to be paid for any such Hoy, Barge, Vessel, Lighter or other Craft which shall pass through any of the Arches of the said Bridge with Goods on Board, or who hall neglect or refuse to pay pny Composition Money agreed to be paid by him, her or them, in lieu of such Tolls, shall reside or be found, to summon before him or them the Party or Parties accused of Neglect or Refusal to pay the same Tolls or Sums of Money or Composition Money; and on Appearance of the Parties accused, or on his, her or their Contempt in not appearing, upon Proof on Oath by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses of the Service of such Summons or Summonses on the Party or Parties against whom the same was or were granted, or of leaving the same at his, her or their usual Place of Abode, with some Person there, of his, her or their Family, every such Justice and Justices is and are hereby required to proceed to the Examination of the Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath every fuel) Justice is hereby authorised to administer) and thereupon to hear, adjudge and determine concerning the Matters complained of, and to iiluc Warrants for recovering the Money forfeited or due, by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, so as the Offender or Offenders be thereof first duly convicted by any such Justice in like Manner as Justices may do for any Offences committed within their respective Jurisdictions; every such Warrant and Act done by any such Justice, and by any Constable, headbo rough, Tythingman or other Person, in Obedience to the Warrant of any such Justice, shall be as effectual in Law, as if the same had been granted or done within the proper Limits of their own Jurisdiction.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Tolls and Duties payable by this able to any Tax. Adh shall not be rated or taxed for or towards the Land Tax, Church, Poor, or any other Rates or Taxes, Ward or Parochial, or for or towards the Repairs of any Highways.

Tolls & veiled

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and singular the Tolls and Duties in the city, ami raffed and imposedby this atffc, and all other Money which shall be levied or recovered, or received by vir to be applied tue hereof, shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, he and the same are hereby veiled in for the purposes the said Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of London, and their sticcefi ors; and the Money arising thereof this Act. from shall be recovered, accounted for, paid and applied in such Manner, for such Time, and for such purposes, as by this Act is directed.

XXXIII. And forasmuch as the borrowing Money upon the Credit of this Act will be the most effectual Common Coun. e Method to accompl i{h the Ends designed thereby Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

on Penalty of 20 s.

to be paid on conviducn to the Informer

anj may be levied by Distress and Sale,

Justice may summon Defaulter for nonpayment of Tolls, and ilvue his Warrant for levying thereof, C

Tolls not rate

cil may borrow Money on the Credit of the Tolls,

the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to borrow under the Common Seal of the said City, upon the Credit of the said Tolls and Duties created by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money at a Rate or Rates of Interest not exceeding four Pounds per Centum per Annum, which said Money so to be borrowed shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXXIV. And to ihe End the said Toils and Duties may be duly accounted for, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City of London, in Common Council assembled, to nominate and appoint a proper Person Clerk and other or Persons to be their Cleric or Clerks, and such other Officers under them, for the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in them, as they shall deem proper; which Clerk or Clerks' shall write and keep proper Entries from Time to Time of all such Matters, Proceedings and Things, as hail he done in purfunnceof this Act; and likewise to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons to be Receiver or Receivers, collector or Collectors of the said Tolls or Duties, as they shall think fit, who shall give Security for the due accounting for, and paying into the Chamber of the said City of London, the Moneys by them collected, and for their Honesty and good Behaviour in their Office or Place of Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers; and all Persons by this Act liable to pay the sail Toils or Duties, or any of them, are required to

Officers to be appointed.

Collectors to give Security.

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 40. 737

pay the same, after the Rates aforesaid, to such Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors as afore Tolls to be p.ii<i said; and all such Receivers and Collectors shall respectively pay the same into the Chamber of the said to them; who

City of London, and shall also upon Oath (if thereunto required by the said Court of Mayor and Alder are to pay the men) give in a true and perfect Account in Writing, under their respective Hands, of all Money which me ct 10 the they and every of them shall to such Time have received, paid and disbursed by virtue of this act, or by reason of their respective Offices; and the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City of London, in Common Council assembled, shall and may, out of the Moneys arising or to be received by the said Tolls, or otherwise, by virtue of this act, make such Allowances unto such Receiver and Receivers, Salaries to be ai collector and Collectors, and all other Officers and Persons to be employed by or under them, for their lowedtooiticcis. Care and Pains in the Execution of their respcictive Offices, as they the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, from Time to Time shall think fit and reasonable; and in case any Collectors rot such Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collector of the aforesaid Tolls or Duties so to be paid as afore ^hnandl'a^'* said, or any of them, shall not make such Account and Payment, as by this act is directed, according to ment/m bef' the Orders and Directions of the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, committed, then any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City of London shall commit such Party or Parties to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until they shall have made a true Account and Payment as aforesaid, or compounded for the same with the said Mayor, Aldermen and Common Coun commons, in Common Council assembled, and paid the Money by every such Composition fiipulated to cilmayccm. to be paid; which Composition the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, Pound are hereby authorised from Time to Time to make and receive, if they shall so think fit, in full Satisfaction for all Money that shall be then due from such Person or Persons.

XXXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Receiver or Collector of any Money Collegernever payable by virtue of this Act, shall pay the Money he or they shall receive, into the Chamber of the City to k^p more of London, as he or they shall receive the same, in such Manner that he or they shall never have a Fund ljlan, 5° ' m llis exceeding fifty Pounds at a Time in his or their Hands for the Space of ten Days, provided the said Cham Time ovthe ber of London be open to receive the same; and if any such Receiver or Collector shall keep or retain in his Tolls' but to Elands more than the said Sum of fifty Pounds longer than ten Days, he and they shall respectively forfeit pay the same and pay the Sum of five Pounds for every Offence, of which he or they shall beconvidfed before the Mayor into the chrm of the said City of London, or any Justice of the said City, by the Oath of any one or more credible Wit £er', on

ness or Witnesses, or by his or their Confession; which Forfeitures shall be levied by Distress and Sale 0 5'of the Offenders Goods, rendering the Overplus, if any, after the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sae shall be paid, to the Owners thereof, and shall be recovered and applied to the L'fes of this at.

XXXVI. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Chamberlain of the said City of chamberlain to London for the Time being, or such of his Clerks who shall be appointed by him for this Purpose, shall be give Receipts for obliged, and be and they is and are hereby required to give Receipts for all Money which shall be paid into the Money; the said Camber of London in pursuance of this Aci, without Fee or Reward; and that the said Chamberlain

of the said City of London for the Time being is hereby authorised and required, out of the Money which shall be so paid into the said Chamber of the said City of London, under this af, and so far as the and to iflie the f me will extend or be sufficient, from Time to Time to answer and pay all Sums of Money which shall be same or Order drawn upon him, or ordered to be paid by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City of from the Com lotidon, in Common Council assembled, for or in respect of anything which shall be due or payable by mon uunc' ' virtue of or under this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept Receipts and by the Chamberlain of the City of London for the Time being, one or more Book or Books, in which all di/bursement the Receipts and Disbursements of the ahoncy arising and received by virtue of this Act shall from Time to bf entefed 10 Time be fairly set down and entered, truly expressing the Times when, and the Names of the Persons re kept by the fbcctively from and by whom the same were so received, and to whom and for what Uses or Purposes the chamberlain, same shall have been disbursed; an Account of such Receipts and Payments shall be fairly drawn out

and stated, and signed by the said Chamberlain once in every Year and delivered by him to the said Mayor, Accounts to be Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, who are hereby empowered auditedannually, from Time to Time to audit, or cause the same to be audited, and to settle the same; and after every such and laid before Audit shall be made, the Chamberlain of the said City of London for the Time being shall yearly lay before Parliament, each House of Parliament a true Copy of every such Account or an Abstract thereof, within twenty Days after the Opening of every Session of Parliament.

XXXVIII. Provided likewise, and it is hereby also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pov. erofputting and every the Powers and Authorities in and by this Act given and granted to the Mayor, Aldermen and this Aflinexe. Commons of the said City of London, in Common Council assembled, shall and may at ail Times hereafter ju['on.3y be be exercised and performed as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, by any Committee committee!*who shall be appointed from Time to Time by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City

of London, in Common Council assembled for putting in Execution this Act, or performing any Matters her by directed to be done, according to the Authorities which from Time to Time by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City of London, in Common Council assembled, shall he delegated or given to such Committee; and that all and every Acts, Matters and Things which at any Times hereafter shall be done or transaifted by any such Committee who shall be appointed as aforesaid, shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same were or had been done, transatsled or performed by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City of London, in Common Council assembled; any Thing in this al before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Order which shall be made Order of juik

by any Justice or Justices by virtue of or under this AI, or any other Proceedings to be had touching the notiia

Vol. VII 5 B Conviction b, e to besuafted

738 C.41-45. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D.1756

for want of Form, nor re roeved by ctr tiorari.

Persons aggrieved

may appeal to the Sessions.

Court may award Costs.

Charges of pairing this Act to be paid out of the hr ft Money raised.

Tolls to continue till the prin cip L and interest of Money borrowed be repaid. Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated fer want of Form only; or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any person or Persons shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by any Orders or Proceedings of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, which shall be made or had under this Act, it ball and may be lawful for such person or Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their next General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be h id for the County, City or Borough in which any Warrant shall be so granted, or Order so made; and the Justices of such said General Quarter sessions are hereby required to hear and finally determine every such Appeal and Appeals, and shall award to the Party or Parties for whom such Appeal shall be determined, such Costs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and shall raise ans levy by their Order or Warrants such Costs as shall be awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any person or Persons who shall be ordered to pay the same.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Costs and Charges of obtaining, or by reason of passing this Act, shall, as soon as may be, be paid out of the Money to be raised and received by virtue thereof.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Tolls and Duties hereby appointed to be raised and levied for the Purposes aforesaid, shall have Continuance and be received, had, raised, collected and taken, until such Time as the Money which shall be borrowed by virtue of this Act, and thelnterest thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid.

XLIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought, or Suit commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this actor in relation to the Premises, or any of them, such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought within six Months next after the Fact done; and shall be laid or brought in the City of London or County of Surry, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be brought within the Time before limited, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions; or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs;

---

[Treble Costs.]

or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the said Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cases by Law.

[Public Act.]

[See farther 31 Geo. 2. C 20.]

XLIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a public Act, and shall be taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for explaining and amending two Acts of Parliament, one made in the eleventh Year of his Majesty's Reign (For repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End in the County of Middlesex) and the other made in the twenty sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign (For enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act) and for impowering the Trustees to erect and maintain Lamps, and keep a Guard, upon the said Roads in the Night-time.

PR.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for enlarging the Coemetery or churchyard of the Parish of Saint Mary Newington Butts in the County of Surry.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for making and widening a Road from the East Side of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green in the County of Middlesex, to the East End of Church Street in the said Parish; and to open a Way or Road into Shoreditch, and keeping the same in Repair.

PR.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to enable the Trustees for repairing Old Street Road, to repair, widen and make a Road from the Sign of The Red Lion on Windmill Hill, through Worship Street, to the Ditch Side next the East Side of Holy Well Mount, and through a certain Ground to the Sign of The London Apprentice, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the County of Middlesex; or to lay open, repair and widen a Road from the said Red Lion, through the Dog Bar, into the Old Street Road in the said County.

PR.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond belonging to Henry Eyre Esquire, in the Parish of Whiteparish in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Dunwood Hill; and from thence over Great

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 40. 739

Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey-infra, to Hundred Bridge in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton.

PR.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for repairing and widening the High Roads from Basingstoke, through Popham Lane, Sutton Scotney and Stockbridge in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner in the County of Wilts; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Spittlehouse, over Wey-hill, to Mullen's Pond in the said County of Southampton.

PR.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing, maintaining and well governing a Nightly watch within the City of Bristol.

PR.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for rebuilding the Common Gaol for the County of Derby, upon a Place called Nun's Green, in the Liberty of the Town of Derby, and for appointing a proper Place for the safe Custody of Prisoners, until such new Gaol shall be completed; and to empower the Justices of the Peace for the said County to pay the Rent reserved to the Corporation for the said Ground, out of the County Rates.

PR.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the eighteen Mile Stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere in the County of Wilts, and through Wincanton, to Charlton Houthorn, and from thence to Milborne Port and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid, to the West End of Long Lane in Kilmington, and from Wincanton aforesaid, to the Sherborn Turnpike Cross-gate, on Cattle Hill; and from Wincanton, to Sparkford, in the County of Somerset.

PR.

CAP. L

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from and near the Town of Brewton in the County of Somerset.

PR.

CAP. LI.

An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads, from the Town of Tewkesbury to Coscomb Gate; and from Isabel's Elm to the Top of Gotherington Hill, in the County of Gloucester; and from Tewkesbury to a farm house, called The Old Blue Bell, and to the Direction Post in the Parish of Ripple, and to Simmond's Ford Brook, and from Breedon to Eckington Bridge, in the County of Worcester; and from Tewkesbury to Wainload's Bridge, and to the Road opposite to Elstone Church, and from the market house in Cheltenham, to the Turnpike Road from Burford to Gloucester, near a Tree called Pewsdon Ash in the said County of Gloucester.

PR.

CAP. LII.

An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads leading from a Gate called Pool Gate in the Town and County of Pool.

PR.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Bodies, and cleansing, enlightening and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causways, and regulating the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone in the County of Middlesex.

PR.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Harnham Hill, near the City of New Sarum, in the County of of Wilts, through the Towns of Bland ford Forum and Dorcester, to a certain entrenchment on Askerwell Hill in the County of Dorset.

PR.

CAP. LV.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter.

PR.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes of Pucklechurch and Mangotsfield in the County of Gloucester, to Christian Malford Bridge in the County of Wilts, and also from Pucklechurch aforesaid, to certain Coal Mines in the said Parish.

PR.

740 C. 57 - 67. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging and preserving the Harbour of Ellenfoot in the County of Cumberland.

PR.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester.

PR.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Market House, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow in the County of Salop.

PR.

CAP. LX.

An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Much Wenlock in the County of Salop.

PR.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Coleham Bridge in Shrewsbury, to the Market Place in Church Stretton, and to the Top of Lythwood Hill, and from Pulley Common, to the May Pole in Condover; and from Coleham Bridge, to Longdon in the County of Salop.

PR.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westminster, and their successors, to make and grant unto James Mallors a Lease or Leases of certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tenements and Hereditaments, comprised within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant.

PR.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to empower the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestry of the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate or Rates for the Relief of the Poor, and the better repairing of the Highways, and cleansing the Streets within the said Parish.

PR.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Shrewsbury, to Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and to Shrey-hill in the County of Salop.

PR.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, through the Welsh Hall Lane, as far as the same County extends, and the several Roads leading from Kington aforesaid, to Brilley's Mountain, to Eardisley, to Almely, to Eckleys Green, to Eardisland, to Staple Bar, and to Milton House in the said County of Hereford.

PR.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the twenty seventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge; and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon; and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh Town; for supplying an Omission in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Leicester to Ashby de la Zouch in the County of Leicester, so far as the same relates to that Part of the said Road which leads from the Town of Hinckley in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Nuneaton; and from thence through the Parishes of Chilvers Coton and Bedworth, to Bishops Gate in the City of Coventry.

PR.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways between Sheppard Shord and the Devizes, and from Stert Stone in the Parish of Urshfont, to Rowd Ford in the County of Wilts; and for changing and altering Part of the said Highways; and for repairing the Road from the Top of Red Hone to Stert Stone aforesaid.

PR.

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. C. 68 — 78. 741

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the several Roads from the Town of Pool in the County of Montgomery, to Wrexham in the County of Denbigh; and also the Road from Knockin in the County of Salop, to Llanrhaiader in Mochnant in the County of Denbigh.

PR.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for the explaining, amending and rendering more effectual, two several Acts of Parliament, one of them passed in the thirteenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for making the River Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough navigable; and the other made in the eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for making more effectual the said former Act.

PR.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Road leading from Darlington in the County of Durham, to West Auckland, and several other Roads in the said County therein mentioned; and for the effectual amending the same.

PR.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two Branches, one through Ripley over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresborough and Borough-bridge, to Ripon, and from thence to the first Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton-Moor in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said Moor.

PR.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for changing and altering two several Roads directed to be amended and widened by an Act made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro in the County of Cornwall.

PR.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for building a Bridge across the River Wye, from the Town of Hay in the County of Brecon, to the opposite Shore in the County of Radnor.

PR.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for the better supplying the City of Edinburgh with fresh and wholesome Water.

PR.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for completing and finishing a new Church, and laying out and enclosing a Cemetery thereto, in the Island of Portland.

PR.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for effectually amending and repairing the Road leading from Wansford Bridge in the County of Northampton, to the Town and Borough of Stamford in the County of Lincoln; and for repairing the Road from the Borough of Stamford to Stapleford Bridge, in the Parish of Ryhall in the County of Rutland; and from thence to Bourn in the County of Lincoln.

PR.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Farringdon in the County of Berks, to the Town of Cricklade, and from thence to the Town of Malmesbury in the County of Wilts, and the Road from thence to join the Turnpike Road at Acton Turville in the County of Gloucester; and also the Road from Tetbury in the said County, through Malmesbury aforesaid, to Chippenham Bridge, and the Road from Sherston, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath.

PR.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for the better paving and amending, cleansing, enlightening and watching the Streets, Highways, Lanes and Passages, within the Town of Shrewsbury in the County of Salop.

PR.

742 C. 79 — 88. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1756.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford in the County of Suffolk.

PR.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an act passed in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highroad from the Town of Bowes in the County of York, to Barnard Castle in the County of Durham; and from thence through Staindrop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland; and from Newgate, along Gibb Chair, to Gaundless Bridge; and from thence by Melderston Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge in the County of Durham; and for making the same more effectual.

PR.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called Fryer Bacon's Study, to Chilton Pond; and from the Top of Hinksey Hill, to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon in the County of Berks.

PR.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the White Stoop, near the North End of the Town of Derby, through the Towns of Duffield and Chesterfield in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield in the County of York; and from the said Town of Duffield, to the Moot Hall in the Town of Wirksworth in the said County of Derby.

PR.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Highroad from the Borough of Ripen by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Pately Bridge in the County of York.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act for repairing and widening the Roads from the North End of Dunsby Lane, to the Southwest Corner of Rischolm Hedge, and to Catholm Gate, Drinsey Nooke, and Dunham and Littleburgh Ferries, and from the North End of Waddington Field, and the Bridge over the River Witham, at Bracebridge, to the City of Lincoln, and from the Gate at the Foot of Canwicke Hill, to the great bar gates of the said City; and for enforcing the Performance of statute work upon the Highways, communicating with the said Roads, to a certain Distance from the said Roads.

PR.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath, to the City of Peterborough; and from the East End of Marham Lane, to the Town of Walton in the County of Northampton, and from the Town of Bourn, to the Town of Colsterworth; and from Donington High Bridge, to the Cross Post in the Parish of Hacconby; and from the East End of a Lane called Hale Drove, to and through the Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of Long Hedge in the Parish of Quarrington in the County of Lincoln.

PR.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for building a Bridge cross the river Thames, from Black Fryars in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surry.

PR.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadels, and better enlightening, paving and cleansing the Streets and other passages, and repairing the Highways within the Parishes of Saint John Wapping, Saint Paul Shadwell, the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, the Parish of Saint Anne in the County of Middlesex, and the Precinct of Well Close in the Liberty of the Tower of London.

PR.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading, to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge in the County of Middlesex, to make a new Road from the great Northern Road at Islington, to the Edgware Road near Paddington, and also from the North End of Portland Street, cross the Farthing Pye House Fields, into the said new Road; and for enlarging, the Terms and Powers granted by two several Acts for repairing the said Road from Saint giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge.

PR.

A.D. 1756. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 89 — 94. 743

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church, and enlarging the churchyard of Saint John of Wapping in the County of Middlesex.

PR.

CAP. XC.

An Act to enable the Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses in York Buildings, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields in the County of Middlesex, to make and levy a Rate on themselves, sufficient to answer the Expense of rebuilding or repairing of the Terrace Walk and watergate, and such other Part of the premises adjoining to the River Thames, and belonging to the said Buildings, as shall be judged necessary, and for keeping the same in Repair for the future.

PR.

CAP. XCI.

An Act for explaining and making more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the East End of Brampton High Lane in the County of York, to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to and through the Towns of Askrigg and Ingleton in the said County, to the Town of Lancaster in the County of Lancaster; and also for repairing the Road leading from Richmond aforesaid, through Gilling, Melsonby and Aldbrough, to Lucy, otherwise Lousy Cross, and from Gilling through Gilling Town Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Gatherly Moor.

PR.

CAP. XCII.

An Act for explaining, amending and making more effectual, an Act of Parliament made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftsbury, Milborne Port and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the halfway House in the Parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftsbury and Sherborne aforesaid; and for repairing other Roads adjoining to the Roads in the said former Act mentioned.

PR.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, and to repair and widen several other Roads therein mentioned, and the Road from Wrexham to Chester, and from thence to Pen Fordd y Waen in the parish of Whitford, and also the Road from Broughton to Mould in the County of Flint.

PR.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for amending, repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Rye-way in the Parish of Yarpole in the County of Hereford to Presteigne in the County of Radnor, and from thence to Leintwardine, and from Presteigne aforesaid, to the Top of Trap Hill, and from the Rye-way aforesaid, by the Maidenhead, to Wooferton in the County of Salop.

PR.

The END of the SEVENTH VOLUME.

