THE

Statutes at Large,

From the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD,

To the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD, inclusive.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE of the TITLES of all the Publick and Private Statutes during that Time.

WITH A COPIOUS INDEX.

Being a TWELFTH VOLUME to Mr. Runnington's Edition,

and a SIXTEENTH to Mr. Ruffhead's.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty:

And by Andrew Strahan and William Woodfall, Law Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty.

MDCCXCIV.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of

GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 30 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution, certain Orders of Council, respecting the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also certain Orders issued by the Governor General of his Majesty's Colonies in America; and for preventing Suits in consequence of the same; and for making further Provisions relative thereto.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

3. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

4. An Act for taking off the Duties upon unwrought Tin exported to any of the Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope.

5. An Act for continuing the Term of so much of an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

8. An Act to amend two Acts made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; the one intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America; and between his Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the West Indies; and the other intituled, An Act to allow the Importation of Rum or other Spirits from his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and Restrictions.

9. An Act for defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

10. An Act for the better Support of the Dignity of the Speaker of the House of Commons; and for disabling the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, from holding any Office or Place of Profit, during Pleasure, under the Crown.

11. An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

12. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stumped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further time for that Purpose.

13. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, (intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety), together with those named in two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

14. An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for adding a Commissioner to execute the several Acts for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea.

15. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

16. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

17. An Act for altering the Time appointed for holding the Summer Session in the Court of Session in Scotland; and for altering Whitsuntide and Lammas Terms in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

18. An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the Manufacture of Leather by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

19. An Act for allowing further Time for inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

20. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church and Tower of Saint Thomas, within the City of Bristol.

21. An Act for better supplying the City of Norwich, and the Parts adjacent, with Water.

22. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the County of Suffolk.

23. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

24. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Honiton in the County of Devon.

26. An Act to exempt Goods and Chattels imported from the Settlement of Tucatan in South America, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales, and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Goods exported to Tucatan.

27. An Act for encouraging new Settlers in his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America.

28. An Act for permitting the Importation of Cashew Gum, from his Majesty's West India Islands, upon Payment of the like Duty as is paid upon the Importation of Gum Arabic, or Gum Senega.

29. An Act for amending an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston. Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; and for regulating the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Commodities the Growth and Production of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec.

30. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

31. An Act to alter so much of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares; and also so much of another Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain, as relates to the marking of Silver Wares.

32. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

33. An Act to amend and continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

34. An Act for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; for making Compensation to Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy in America during the War, or whose Property was used, seized, or destroyed for the carrying on the public Service there; and also for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

35. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England.

36. An Act to alter, explain, and amend an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches, or other Carriages, and for regulating the Conduct of the Drivers and Guards thereof.

37. An Act to continue two Acts made in the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an act made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, "to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption; and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies;" and for amending the said Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign.

38. An Act for repealing the Duties upon Licences for retailing Wine and Sweets, and upon Licences for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

39. An Act for making Allowances to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in Scotland, in respect of the Duties imposed by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

40. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

41. An Act for laying a Duty on the Importation from any of the Provinces in North America, of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds used for extracting Oil, and for allowing the Importation from the said Provinces of Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed used for Manure, Duty-free.

42. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, certain Provisions contained in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution certain Orders of Council respecting the importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also certain Orders issued by the Governor General of his Majesty's Colonies in America; and for preventing Suits in consequence of the same; and for making further Provisions relative thereto, relating to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain; and to authorize his Majesty to permit the Exportation of Coin, Grain, Meal, or Flour, and to prohibit the Importation thereof on the low Duties.

43. An Act to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to defray Charges on Seizures, out of his Majesty's Share of Seizures in general.

44. An Act to enable his Majesty to settle a certain Annuity on the Reverend Francis Willis, Doctor of Physick.

45. An Act for converting certain Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship in Classes, established by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, into certain Annuities for an absolute Term of Years, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to nominate Lives for the Shares so converted.

46. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Heirs and Defendants of William Penn, Esquire, the original Proprietor of the Province of Pennsylvania, in consideration of the meritorious Services of the said William Penn, and of the Losses which his Family have sustained in consequence of the unhappy Dissentions in America.

47. An Act for enabling his Majesty to authorize his Governor or Lieutenant Governor of such Places beyond the Seas, to which Felons or other Offenders may be transported, to remit the Sentences of such Offenders.

48. An Act for discontinuing the Judgment which has been required by Law to be given against Women convicted of certain Crimes, and substituting another Judgment in lieu thereof.

49. An Act to impower Justices, and other Persons, to visit Parish Workhouses or Poor Houses, and examine and certify the State and Condition of the Poor therein to the Quarter Sessions.

50. An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown; and to sell or alienate Fee Farm, and other unimproveable Rents.

51. An Act for divesting out of the Crown the Reversion in Fee of and in certain Hereditaments, heretofore the Estate of Sir Roger Strickland, Knight, deceased, in Catterick and Tunstall, in the County of York; and for vesting the same in the several Persons entitled to the said Hereditaments; and for extinguishing and destroying a certain Term of one hundred Years, for which the said Hereditaments were limited in Trust for his late Majesty King George the First, his Heirs and Successors.

52. An Act for improving, continuing, and extending the Navigation of the River Ouse, from Lewes Bridge, at the Town of Lewes, to Hammer Bridge, in the Parish of Cuckfield, and to the Extent of the said Parish of Cuckfeld, and also of a Branch of the said River to Shortbridge, in the Parish of Fletching, in the County of Sussex.

53. An Act to alter, explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for putting certain Streets therein mentioned, commonly called Optional Streets, under the Management of Parochial Committees, subject to the Controul of the Commissioners appointed by or in pursuance of the said several Acts; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments in the said Streets, and other Places; and for other Purposes.

54. An Act for vesting the Estate and Property of the Trustees of Westminster Fish Market in the Marine Society, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for discontinuing the Powers of the said Trustees.

55. An Act to enable Sir William Hamilton, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, his Heirs and Assigns, to make and provide Quays, Docks, Piers, and other Erections; and to establish a Market, with proper Roads and Avenues thereto respectively, within the Manor or Lordship of Hubberston and Pill in the County of Pembroke.

56. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near to Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge; and also a collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said County.

57. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk.

58. An Act for draining, dividing, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, called Edington, otherwise Burtle Moor, East Heath, West Heath, and Chyde Batch, within the Hamlet of Edington, and Parish of Moorlinch, in the County of Somerset.

59. An Act for more effectually embanking the Marsh called Malldraeth and Corsddaugau, in the County of Anglesey, and draining and preserving the same, and the inclosed Low Lands contiguous thereto.

60. An Act for effectually carrying into Execution, two Acts of the sixteenth and twenty-fifth Years of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Navigation to the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazely Canal Navigations, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford.

61. An Act for authorizing and enabling the Right Honourable George Earl of Mount Edgcumbe, and Reginald Pole Carew, Esquire, to establish and maintain a Common Ferry over and across the River Tamer, between a certain Place North of Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel in the County of Devon, and Torpoint, in the Parish of Antony Saint Jacob, otherwise Antony in the East, in the County of Cornwall.

62. An Act for paving, cleaning, lighting, and widening the Streets, Lanes, and Passages; for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and for regulating the Porters, and Drivers of Carts, within the Borough of Truro, and Part of the adjoining Parishes in the County of Cornwall.

63. An Act for preserving the Works made for supplying the Town of Bradford, in the County of York, and Part of the Township of Horton, in the Parish of Bradford, aforesaid, with Water; for the more easy Recovery of the Rents for the said Water; and to enable the Proprietors thereof to borrow Money for the improving such Works.

64. An Act for establishing a Chapel at Ramsgate, in the Parish of Saint Lawrence, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, as a Chapel of Ease to the Church of the same Parish.

65. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation; and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the said Canal Navigation; and for other Purposes.

66. An Act for paving, and otherwise improving, the City and Township of Peterborough.

67. An Act for paving, cleaning, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public Passages and Places, within the City of Durham, and Borough of Framwelgate, and the Suburbs thereof, and Streets thereto adjoining; for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein; for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public Passages and Places; and for regulating and improving the Markets within the said City and Suburbs.

68. An Act for better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Water; and for more effectually lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town and Neighbourhood, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein.

69. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for pulling down the Church of Saint James at Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex; and for building a new Church, and making a new Church Yard, or Cemetery in the said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages thereto; and for purchasing Pentonville Chapel, and making the same a Chapel of Ease to the said Church.

70. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint James Westminster, and erecting a Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead.

71. An Act for taking down the Church and Tower, belonging to the Parish of Saint John, at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and for building another Church and Tower for the Use of the said Parish, and for making an additional Cemetery or Church Yard.

72. An Act for taking down the Church, Chancel, and Tower, belonging to the Parish of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and for rebuilding the same.

73. An Act for forming a Junction between the Forth and Clyde Navigation and the Monkland Navigation; and for altering, enlarging, and explaining several former Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Navigations.

74. An Act to alter and amend an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge; and to establish an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny and the Commoners within the said Manor.

75. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, to improve the Navigation of the River Severny from Stourport, in the County of Worcester, to a Place called Diglis, near the City of Worcester.

76. An Act for forming and keeping in repair the Streets and other public Passages and Places, within a certain District, in the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, called Hans Town, and for otherwise improving the same.

77. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the City of Coventry, and the Suburbs thereof, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for regulating the public Wells; and Pumps within the said City and Suburbs.

78. An Act to continue an Act, made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals, in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

79. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex.

80. An Act for providing a Workhouse for, and for the better Relief and Employment of, the Poor of the Parish of Streatham, in the County of Surrey; and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish.

81. An Act for providing a new Poor House for, and for the better Relief and Government of, the Poor of the Township of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster.

82. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Merthyr Tidvile, to and through a Place called The Bank, near the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan.

83. An Act for impowering Persons navigating Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, in the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, to hale or tow with Horses, or other Beasts, on the Banks or Sea Walls of the said River; and for making Satisfaction to the Owners of the said Banks or Sea Walls.

84. An Act to impower William Henry Campbell, Esquire, to shut up a Road and Foot Paths in the Parish of Liston in the County of Essex; and to oblige him to make and keep in Repair for the future another Road and Foot Path in lieu thereof.

85. An Act for continuing an Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the City of Norwich, to Block Hill, in Trowse, at the Angle where the Road divides, to Bixley and Kirby, in the County of Norfolk.

86. An Act for continuing an Act: of the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the Road from Bishopsgate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stone formerly called The Two Mile Stone, where the Norwich Road joins the Caister Causeway, two Miles and a Half short of the Town of Great Yarmouth.

87. An Act for continuing an Act of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road from Berstreet Gates, in the City of Norwich, to New Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk.

88. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Randal-Carr Lane Head in Fernilee, in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith.

89. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Royston in the County of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and from the Town of Huntingdon to the causeway at or near the West End of the Town of Somersham, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Middle and South Divisions, and separate District, of the said Roads.

90. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent.

91. An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Tavernspite to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberston Halting, in the County of Pembroke.

92. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Leicester and Welford Turnpike Road, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, near Foston Lane, to the Turnpike Road leading from Hinckley to Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County of Leicester; and for repairing and widening two Pieces of Road, called Hunt's Lane and Wood Lane, in the Parishes of Desford and Newbold Verdon.

93. An Act for making and repairing the Road from Newmish Bridge, by Foodie's Mill, Inverkeithing, Aberdour, Kirkcaldy, Gallatown, and Cameron Bridge, to Craill, and other Roads in the County of Fife.

94. An Act for enlarging the Term of several Acts made for repairing the Roads from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and from Stump Cross aforesaid to the End of the Town of Trumpington, next to Shelford, and from Shelford Pound to Wittleford; and for making more effectual Provision for repairing the said Roads, and also one Mile of the Road between Trumpington and Cambridge, commencing at the South End of Trumpington aforesaid; and for amending the Road from Chesterford Bridge to the End of Wittleford next to Shelford, all in the County of Cambridge.

95. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset.

96. An Act for enlarging the Terms, and altering the Powers of two Acts made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Marlborough, through West Kennett to Sheppard's Shord, and from the Hare and Hounds, in Beckhampton, to the Top of Cherril Hill, and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross Way at Beckhampton, and from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to Wroughton, and from the North Side of Swindon, to the Carpenter's Arms in Blunsden, in the County of Wilts, and for diverting, turning, and altering, Part of the said Roads; and for repairing and widening the Road on the West Side of The Three Barrows, from the Direction Post there, on the new Road leading from Beckhampton to Devizes, to the Distance of one Mile from the said Direction Post Westward.

97. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging, altering, and amending, the Powers of an Act, made in the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from New Chappell, in the County of Surrey, over Copthorn, in the County of Sussex, through Lindfield, to the Town of Ditchling, up to the Top of Ditchling Bost Hills, in the said County of Sussex.

98. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rowde Ford to Red Hill, and from Chittoe Heath to the Town of Caine, in the County of Wilts; and for repealing three Acts made in the second and twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppard's Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent.

99. An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of certain Acts made for repairing the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, so far as relates to such Part of the said Road as lies within the County of York.

100. An Act for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Fosbrook, in the Parish of Dillorn, through Dillorn, and from thence to or near to Chedleton, in the County of Stafford.

101. An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of three several Acts made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

102. An Act for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Eve Hill near Dudley, to the New Inn, in the Parish of Pattingham, and from the Turnpike Road at or near Street End, in the Parish of Kingswinford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Dudley to Wolverhampton, in the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford.

103. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingden, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynesbury, and Saint Neots, to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane.

104. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the Town of Walton, in the County of Norfolk.

105. An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of so much of two Acts made in the twenty-fifth and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the County of Linlithgow.

106. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Mayor's Stone, in Abingdon, in the County of Berks, through Cumner, to the ancient Horse Road at Swinford, in the said County.

107. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Read from Cheadle to Botham House, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the County of Stafford.

108. An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of so much of two Acts made in the twenty-fifth and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the County of Stirling; and for repairing the Road from Loanhead to Saint Ninian's, in the said County of Stirling.

109. An Act for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Stirling and Dumbarton.

110. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Denbigh, to the Turnpike Road between Northop and Holywell, and from Afon Wen to the Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint.

111. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Read from the End of the Turnpike Road in Shawbury, in the County of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said County, and from thence to Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, and from Shawbury aforesaid to the Turnpike Road in High Ercall, in the said County of Salop, and from Shawbury aforesaid to Wem, in the said County; and from thence to the Turnpike Road in Sand ford, in the said County.

112. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tunstall, in the County of Stafford, io Bosley, in the County of Chester; and from Great Chell to Shelton, in the said County of Stafford.

113. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Roads leading from Alfreton, in the County of Derby, through Carter Lane, to a certain Place in the Town of Mansfield called Stockwell; and from the Bridle Gate, at the Druid on of the Liberties of Blackwell and Hucknall, through the Town of Sutton in Ashfield, to the Mansfield and Newark Turnpike at or near Python Hill, in the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham.

114. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the East End of Bromham Bridge, in the County of Bedford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Wellingborough to Olney, in the County of Bucks; and also the Road from the said Turnpike Road, at or near the South End of the Town of Olney aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading from Northampton to Newport Pagnell, in the same County.

115. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts for repairing the Road from the Town of Hitchin, through Sheffield, to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 30 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Cow Pasture and Common Fen in the Parish of Point on, in the County of Lincoln.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and a Stinted Pasture called Linton Pasture, within the Township of Linton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

3. An Act for naturalizing Gottlob Gotthelff Schuster.

4. An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates devised by the Will of James Money, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates to be sold now stand limited to.

5. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Francis Thomas Rybot with Alicia Fowler, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Fens, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Old Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields in the Township of Burton Leonard, in the County of York.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, called Dunkeswick Common, Huby Common, Wescoehill Common, and Weeton Green, within the Manor and Parish of Harewood, in the County of York.

9. An Act for dividing and allotting the intermixed or Commonable Lands and Grounds, and Common Pastures or Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dibden, in the County of Southampton.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and regulating the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of North Collingham, in the County of Nottingham.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground called Killingworth Moor, in the Parish of Long Benton, in the County of Northumberland.

12. An Act to enable Thomas Samwell Watson Samwell Esquire, (lately called Thomas Samwell Watson) and his Heirs Male, to take the Surname, and use the Arms of Samwell, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Samwell, Baronet, deceased.

13. An Act for naturalizing George Paetsch, John Christian Hartwig Garbers, and John Henry Pasteur.

14. An Act for naturalizing Julius George Bierbaum.

15. An Act for naturalizing Noah Turmine.

16. An Act for naturalizing Matthias Koops.

17. An Act for embanking the Common Salt Marsh within the Parishes of Terrington Saint Clement's, and Terrington Saint John's, in the County of Norfolk, and for dividing and inclosing the same, and other Commons within the said Parishes.

18. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Lands within the Manor of Deverill Longbridge, Hussey Deverill, and Monkton Deverill, in the County of Wilts.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Dormstone, in the County of Worcester.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harby, in the County of Leicester.

21. An Act for naturalizing Willem Blaauw.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, in the Liberty or Lordship of Mickleover, in the County of Derby.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing Part of a certain Common or Waste Land, called Road Common, within the Manor of Road and Langham, in the Parishes of Road and North Bradley, in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bleatarn, in the Parish of Warcop, in the County of Westmorland.

25. An Act to confirm and establish the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, of the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Cotgrave, in the County of Nottingham, and also several Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Polebrook, in the County of Northampton.

27. An Act for impowering the Trustees of the Most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle to lay out Part of his settled Money in the Purchase of a Leasehold Manor, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying intermixed, or convenient to be enjoyed, with his settled Estates in the Counties of Nottingham and York, upon the like Trusts, and with the like Powers, as his said Estates now stand settled upon, or are subject or liable to.

28. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Richard Wilson, Esquire, deceased, in the County of York, and for settling other Estates, in the County of the City of York, in Lieu thereof.

29. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of the Reverend Stephen White, Doctor of Laws, in London, Middlesex, Surrey, and Hertfordshire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the Trustees in the mean Time to grant Building and Repairing Leases.

30. An Act to enable Sir John Riddell, Baronet, to use the Surname and Arms of Buchanan, pursuant to the Will of Archibald Buchanan, Esquire, deceased, and for vesting cerrain Estates in the Counties of Bedford and Bucks, devised by the said Will to the Uses therein mentioned, in Trustees to sell the same, for discharging Incumbrances thereon, and to lay out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the same Uses, and for other Purposes.

31. An Act for exchanging the settled Estate of the Reverend John Templer, in the County of Kent, for another Estate of greater Value in the County of Devon, to be settled in Lieu thereof.

32. An Act for settling and securing the Lands of Quintinespie, Kirklands, and others, and the Teinds, Parsonage, and Vicarage of the Lands of Redcastle, and others, lying in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, to and in Favour of Mistress Margaret Lawrie of Redcastle, Widow of the deceased Andrew Lawrie, Esquire, of Redcastle, and the same Series of Heirs in Fee Tail, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are mentioned and contained in two Deeds of Entail, made in the Years one thousand seven hundred and twenty-seven and one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, by Mr. Walter Lawrie of Redcastle, and for vesting in the aforesaid Mistress Margaret Lawrie, and her Heirs and Assigns in Fee Simple, the Lands of Mool and Cairn, and others, in the County of Wigton.

33. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates of Thomas Estcourt, Esquire, in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, in Trustees to be sold and exchanged, and for laying out Part of the Money arising by Sale in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and for applying the Residue in Discharge of Incumbrances.

34. An Act to effectuate and establish an Exchange between William Colhoun, Esquire, with the Provost and College of Eton, of the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Consolidated or United Rectories of Creeting All Saints and Creeting Saint Olaves, in the County of Suffolk, for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of East Wretham, in the County of Norfolk.

35. An Act to effectuate and establish an Exchange between William Colhoun, Esquire, and the Provost and Scholars of the King's College of Blessed Mary and Saint Nicholas, of Cambridge, of the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of Hepworth, in the County of Suffolk, and certain Pieces of Land and Hereditaments in Hepworth aforesaid, for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of West Wretham, in the County of Norfolk.

36. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in the County of Sussex, in him the said Duke, in Fee, and for settling other Estates of the said Duke, in the same County, of equal or greater Value, in Lieu thereof.

37. An Act for vesting the Manor of Fisherton Delamere otherwise Fisherton Delamore, and other Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts, devised by the Will of the most Noble Charles, formerly Duke of Bolton, with the Appurtenances, in Trustees, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of the said Will, for the Purpose of more effectually carrying into Execution certain Decrees or Decretal Orders of the Court of Chancery for the Sale of the said Estates.

38. An Act to confirm a Lease lately made by Henry Nevill, Earl of Abergavenny, of certain Entailed Mines, and other Hereditaments, in the County of Monmouth, and to enable granting future Leases of the said Entailed Mines, and other Hereditaments, and also of all other Estates of which the said Earl is seized, as Tenant in Tail Male, under an Act of Parliament passed in the second and third Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, and under the Limitations in the last Will of George Lord Abergavenny, in the said Act of Philip and Mary mentioned.

39. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Richard Hatchett, Esquire, and Katherine his Wife, in the County of Chester, and Part of their settled Estates in the County of Salop, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bowbrickhill and Hamlet of Fenny Stratford, in the County of Buckingham.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and regulating, certain Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of Clayworth, in the Parish of Clayworth, in the County of Nottingham.

43. An Act for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, and also a certain Open Common Meadow, within the Manors of Whychurch and Milborne, and Little Somerford, in the County of Wilts.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing Tickton Carr, or Common, in the County of York.

45. An Act for dividing and allotting several Open and Common Lands and Grounds, within the Parishes of Great Bedwin, Little Bedwin, and Preshute, in the County of Wilts.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hutton Bushell, in the North Riding of the County of York.

47. An Act for naturalizing Françoise Antoinette De Luc.

48. An Act for naturalizing August Leberecht Schonberg.

49. An Act for the Partition of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Skendleby, and other Parishes, in the County of Lincoln, in which Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, in Right of the Right Honourable Priscilla Barbara Elizabeth, Baroness Willoughby of Eresby, his Wife, and the Reverend Edward Brackenbury, have now undivided Moieties, or Half Parts.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the thirty-first Year of the Reign of GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 31 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, brewed or made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England; and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain; and to continue certain Acts for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Lime, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits.

2. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Malt.

3. An Act to give further Time to John Macbride Esquire, and his Sureties, for entering into their Recognizances, in respect of his Petition presented to the House of Commons, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon.

4. An Act to continue and amend so much of two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and to the authorising his Majesty to permit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour, and to prohibit the Importation thereof on the low Duties.

5. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes therein mentioned.

6. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

7. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

8. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

9. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

10. An Act for altering and amending so much of an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for removing any Doubt respecting the Power of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, to divert that the Expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining, such Troops as may be judged necessary for the Security of the British Territories and Possessions in the East Indies, should be defrayed out of the Revenues arising from the said Territories and Possessions; and for limiting the Application of the said Revenues in the Manner therein mentioned, as relates to such Directions as shall be given or approved by the said Commissioners with respect to the Payment of certain Proportions of his Majesty's Forces in India, and of the European Forces of the East India Company, therein specified.

11. An Act for removing any Doubt respecting the Sale or Mortgage of Annuities, pursuant to an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the East India Company to raise Money by Sale of Annuities, and by increasing their Capital Stock.

12. An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

13. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

14. An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

15. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on Sugar imported into this Kingdom.

16. An Act for defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

17. An Act for cleansing, lighting, and watching, and levelling the Surfaces of the Streets, and other Publick Places, within the Hamlets of Deretend and Bordesley, in the County of Warwick; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Incroachments, and regulating the driving of Carts and other Carriages used for carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes therein.

18. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watching the Streets, and other publick Places, within such Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the West Side of Tottenham Court Road; and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein; and for obliging the Trustees for the Care of the said Road, to pave, repair, and cleanse such Part of the said Road as is therein described.

19. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for ascertaining and collecting the Poor's Rates, and for better regulating the Poor, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Cottingham, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for amending an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, and draining certain Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the said Parish.

21. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Game.

22. An Act for building a new Common Gaol and Session House, with Accommodations thereto, for the County of Surrey, and for disposing of the present County Gaol, and the Ground thereto belonging.

23. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts made, one in the twenty-second, and the other in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Mary Port, in the County of Cumberland.

24. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the Town of Oswestry, and to certain Parishes within the Hundred of Oswestry, in the County of Salop, and to such Part of the Parish of Llanymynech as lies within the said Hundred; and to the Parish of Chirk, in the County of Denbigh; and to the Parish of Llansilin, in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh.

25. An Act for repealing the Duties now charged on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Notes, Drafts, and Orders, and on Receipts; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

26. An Act to allow the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty, for a limited Time.

27. An Act for repealing certain Duties of Excise upon tanned Goat Skins and Sheep Skins, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and also certain Duties of Customs on tanned Goat Skins imported.

28. An Act to enable his Majesty to make Compensation to the Officers of the late Wine Licence Office, for the Loss of their Offices.

29. An Act for establishing a Court of Civil Jurisdiction in the Island of Newfoundland, for a limited Time.

30. An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported.

31. An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America; and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province.

32. An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject.

33. An Act for the Payment of the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer.

34. An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle an Annuity of twelve thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, during Pleasure.

35. An Act to render Persons convicted of Petty Larceny competent Witnesses.

36. An Act to prevent Keels, Pan Keels, and Pan Boats, and other Boats, and Wains and Carts, being used in the Removal or Carriage of Coals, after having undergone any Alterations or Repairs, without being first inspected, re-admeasured, marked, and nailed.

37. An Act to prohibit the Importation into Great Britain of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy, unless brought directly from thence.

38. An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands and the Countries belonging to the United States of America; and between his Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the West Indies; and also an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Rosea in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

39. An Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade of this Kingdom.

40. An Act for establishing and confirming a certain Resolution or Order of the Governor General in Council of Fort William in Bengal, and all Acts done by virtue thereof; and for granting further Powers to the said Governor General, during his residence on the Coasts of Coromandel and Malabar.

41. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

42. An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution a certain Order of Council respecting the Importation of a limited Quantity of Saltpetre; for repealing the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Saltpetre; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

43. An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the importing Salt from Europe, into the Province of Quebec in America; to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage; to continue and amend several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; and to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to make perpetual an Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to permit the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom.

44. An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, so far as relates to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

45. An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

46. An Act for the better regulating of Gaols, and other Places of Confinement.

47. An Act to present other Ships than those laden with Tobacco from mooring and discharging their Lading at the Places appointed by an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof; to prohibit the Exportation of damaged or mean Tobacco; and for permitting the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff into the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne.

48. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

49. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for defraying the Publick Expences occasioned by the Augmentation of his Majesty's Forces, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

50. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one,

51. An Act for better protecting the several Oyster Fisheries within this Kingdom.

52. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers.

53. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

54. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the Shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

55. An Act for establishing a Company for carrying on Trade between the Kingdom of Great Britain and the Coasts, Harbours, and Countries of Africa; and for enabling the said Company to hold, by Grant from his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and from the Native Princes of Africa, a certain District of Land, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra Leone, now vested in his Majesty, or belonging to the said Princes, for the better enabling the said Company to carry on the said Trade.

56. An Act more effectually to prevent Abuses and Frauds committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool and Worsted Yarn, in the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the said City.

57. An Act for building and maintaining a Bridewell and Correction-house in and for the City and County of Edinburgh.

58. An Act for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers within the Liberty of Hallamshire, in the County of York, and within six Miles of the said Liberty, and of their Journeymen and Apprentices.

59. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester.

60. An Act for building a Bridge, near the Ferry over the River Ouze, from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the said County.

61. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, widening, regulating, and improving, a certain Street called The Upper Ground Street, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, and certain other Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the said Parish; and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and for shutting up Part of an Alley or Passage leading from Bull Alley to Marygold Court.

62. An Act for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the King's Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for better supplying the said Town with Water, and for repairing the Highways within the Parish of Maidstone.

63. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for paving of the City of Chichester, and for the better paving, repairing, and cleaning, the Streets, Lanes, and Publick Ways and Passages within the Walls of the said City, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein.

64. An Act for repairing, paving, and cleansing the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, within the Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

65. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between the Loughborough Canal and the Town of Leicester, and for making and maintaining a Communication by Railways or Stone Roads, and Water Levels, from several Places and Mines to the said Loughborough Canal, and for continuing the same, by parting along the said Canal to the said Navigable Communication, all in the County of Leicester.

66. An Act to enable the Earl of Egremont to make and maintain the River Rother navigable from the Town of Midhurst to a certain Meadow called The Railed Pieces, or Stopham Meadow, in the Parish of Stopham, and a Navigable Cut from the said River to the River Arun, at or near Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex, and for other Purposes.

67. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation to borrow a further Sum of Money to compleat the said Navigation.

68. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Manchester to or near Presto-lee Bridge, in the Township of Little Lever, and from thence, by one Branch, to or near the Town of Belton, and by another Branch to or near the Town of Bury, and to Weddell Brook, in the Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

69. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kington, in the County of Hereford, by or through Leominster, to join the River Severn near Stourport Bridge, in the County of Worcester.

70. An Act for lighting, cleansing, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other Publick Passages and Places within the Township of Stourbridge, in the Parish of Old Swinford, in the County of Worcester, and for removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

71. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of All Saints, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for purchasing Land for the Purpose of a Church Yard for the Use of the said Parish.

72. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Loes and Wilford, in the County of Suffolk.

73. An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Saffron Walden, in the County of Essex.

74. An Act for building a new Church in the Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for providing a proper Burial Ground, and making Provision for a Minister to officiate in the said Church.

75. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Chad, in the Town of Shrewsbury, and County of Salop; and for providing a new Cemetery or Burial Ground, and making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church and Cemetery, and for raising a further Sum of Money for fully effecting the general Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

76. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse, between Newhaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the County of Sussex, and for the better draining of the Low Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the said County.

77. An Act for making navigable the Rivers Wreak and Eye, from the Junction of the said River Wreak with the intended Navigation from Loughborough to Leicester, at or near a certain Place called Turnwater Meadow, in the Lordship of Coffington, to Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, all in the County of Leicester.

78. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes of Ellesmere, Middle, Baschurch, and Horsley, and to the Chapelry or District of Hadnal (otherwise Hadnal Ease), in the County of Salop.

79. An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and for better supplying the said Town with Water.

80. An Act for paving the Footways of certain Streets within the City of Lincoln; for cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Streets, and other Streets, Lanes, and publick Passages and Places, within the said City; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein.

81. An Act for embanking and draining certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Parishes of Chatteris and Dodington, and Hamlet of Wimblington, in the said Parish of Dodington, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge; and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Hamlet of Wimblington.

82. An Act to continue two Acts made in the fifteenth and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Kirkaldy and Liberties thereof.

83. An Act for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan.

84. An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from Stanes to Egham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey.

85. An Act for making and maintaining a Canal, or Navigable Communication, from or near a certain Place called Abernant, in the County of Glamorgan, to and through a certain Place called The Brickfield, near Melincrythan Pill, into the River of Neath, near the Town of Neath, in the said County.

86. An Act for enlarging and extending the Powers of the present Prescriptive Market within the Town and Borough of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, and removing the same to a more convenient Place within the said Town and Borough, or within the Precinct of the Castle of Lewes aforesaid.

87. An Act for the better Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the Parish of Sunderland, near the Sea, in the County Palatine of Durham.

88. An Act for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and certain Lords of Manors, and other Persons intitled to Right of Common upon the Wastes and Commons, and the old common Salt Marshes, lying on the South Side of the said River, below, or to the North-east of Greenfield Gate, in the County of Flint, and an Award made in consequence thereof.

89. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the City of Hereford to the City of Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the same to the Town of Newent, in the County of Gloucester.

90. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, Finsbury Square, in the Parish of Saint Luke in the County of Middlesex, and Part of the Manor of Finsbury, and certain other Streets and Places communicating with, or near to, the said Square, and for preventing or removing Nuisances and Annoyances within the same.

91. An Act for draining and dividing a certain Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, called King's Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset.

92. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain large open Tract of Land within the Manor of Holy Island, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon the ancient Infield Lands within the said Island.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Ground, Half Year's Land, Common Fens, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Anwick, in the County of Lincoln, and for embanking and draining the said Common Fens, and certain inclosed Low Lands adjoining thereto, called The Praie Grounds, in or near the Township of North Kyme, in the said County.

94. An Act for making a new Road from Saint George's Gate, in the City of Canterbury to a Place called Gutteridge Bottom; and for repairing and widening the present Road from thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barham, in the County of Kent.

95. An Act for amending an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow, in the County of Lanerk, to Muirkirk, in the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Confines of the said County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries; and other Roads communicating therewith; and for the more effectually repairing the said Roads, and the Road from the Village of Gorbals, and new Bridge of Glasgow to the Chapel of Cambuslang, in the said County of Lanerk, and Branches thereof; and for making and repairing the Road from the said Chapel of Cambuslang till it joins the High Road leading from Hamilton by Burnbank towards Eaglesham, in the County of Renfrew.

96. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, and the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and front Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall, to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon; and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynesbury, and Saint Neots, to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane, and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Eaton Soken to the said Turnpike Road near Saint Neots Bridge.

97. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads in the County of Cardigan; and for repairing other Roads in the said County.

98. An Act to enlarge the Term of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the Road from Wellsbourn Mountfort to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick.

99. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts of the seventeenth Year of his late Majesty, and the ninth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the said County.

100. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads, leading from The Bell, in Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Methwold Warren House, to a Place called The Devil's Ditch, in the said County.

101. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bicester, in the County of Oxford, to Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks.

102. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Robeston Wathan to Saint Clears, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen.

103. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Market Place in Bicester, in the County of Oxford, to the Buckingham Turnpike Road in Aynbo, in the County of Northampton.

104. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Vinehall, in the Parish of Mountfield, in the County of Sussex, to Cripps's Corner, and from thence to Staple Cross, and to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill, in the Parish of Beckley, and from Staple Cross to Longley's Water Corn Mill, at Kent Ditch, and from Cripps's Corner to the Town of Rye, in the said County, as relates to the said Roads from Staple Cross to the Turnpike Road near the said Windmill, and from Staple Cross to Longley's Water Corn Mill aforesaid; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the Rest of the said Roads.

105. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of three several Acts, passed in the sixth and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks, to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester; and from an Inn called The Hind's Head, in the Parish of Kingston Bagpuze, in the said County of Berks, to that Part of Newbridge which stands in the said County of Berks.

106. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Haverfordwest through the Town of Fishguard, to the Town of Newport, in the County of Pembroke, and also from the Town of Fishguard to the City of Saint Davids, in the said County of Pembroke.

107. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts made for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and by the Town of Hamilton to the Town of Strathaven, and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of Ayr, at or near Lochgate, to the Town of Strathaven, and for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Airdrie towards the City of Glasgow, through the Village of Shettleston, till it falls into the Great Road from Murriehall to the said City; and for repairing the Road from the said Great Road, by Drygate and Whitehill, to Carntyne; and for repairing and widening several other Roads; and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near Theevesfoord; and for opening and making certain Streets in and near the City of Glasgow.

108. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and repairing, the Road through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex.

109. An Act for opening a new Road from Milford, in the County of Pembroke, to Stawton, and for amending and widening the Road from the said new Road, through Stainton and Johnson, to Merlin's Bridge, in the same County.

110. An Act for enlarging the Term, and for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the Powers of two several Acts, passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the seventh Year of his present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street, in the Parish of Saint John Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the same, and several other Roads adjoining, in Repair.

111. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Chapel on the Heath, in the County of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester.

112. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads from the South Gate in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of East Walton, Narborough, Stoke Ferry, and Downham, in the County of Norfolk.

113. An Act for continuing an Act, of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East Gate in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of Geyton and Grimstone, and to the Gate next Hillington on Congham Common, and to the North End of Babingley Lane, in the County of Norfolk.

114. An Act for enlarging the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act, of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Streets or Highways within the said Town, and also certain small Pieces of Road communicating with the Roads comprised in the said Act.

115. An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Lewes to Brighthelmston, in the County of Sussex.

116. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Alcester and Evesham Turnpike Road at the End of Wixford Lane, in the County of Warwick, to Chipping Campden, and from thence to Upton Old Lane, in the County of Gloucester.

117. An Act to continue and amend an Act, of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Exeter Turnpike, at Reedy Gate, in the Parish of Dunsford, in the County of Devon, to Cherrybrook, in the Forest of Dartmore, in the said County.

118. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Brighthelmston to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the County of Sussex.

119. An Act to enlarge the Term of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty repairing and widening the Road from Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Aldermaston Great Bridge, in the County of Berks.

120. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of three several Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fifth and twentieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Town of Shepton Mallet, in the County of Somerset, and for repairing the Road from a Place called Long Cross Bottom to the Bruton Turnpike Road, near Batcomb Church, in the said County; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages, within the said Town.

121. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Swindon to the Centre of Christian Malford Bridge, and from Caine to Lyneham Green, and from the Direction Post in Long Leaze Lane, near Lydiard Marsh, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

122. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts of the sixteenth Year of King George the Second, and the ninth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the County of York, to Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Westmorland; and for repairing and widening the Road from Maiden Castle to Kaber Cross, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties.

123. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Darly Moor, in the County of Derby, to Ellaston, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Leek and Ashborne, in the said Counties of Derby and Stafford.

124. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills, in the Road to Stanes; and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook; and for repairing, turning, or altering, the Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, to the Town of Isleworth, in the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of Teddington Field; and also the Highway leading out of the said great Road, near Smallbury Green Turnpike, to a House known by the Sign of The George, in the Town of Isleworth aforesaid; and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways.

125. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester* over the Long Moss and Monks Heath, to the Turnpike Road in Nether Table, in the said County, and for turning and exchanging Part of the said Road.

126. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Town of Haverfordwest to the City of Saint David's, and from the said City to Caerfai, in the Parish of Saint David's, in the County of Pembroke.

127. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Roads from Butterton Moor End, near Oncott, in the County of Stafford, to the Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, in the County of Derby, and from Blackton Moor, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road deeding from Buxton to Ashborne, near Newhaven, in the County of Derby, and from Warslow to Ecton Mine, in the County of Stafford.

128. An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Burford to Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and from Burford aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stow, in the County of Gloucester, at the Bottom of Stow Hill, and from Swerford Gate, in the said County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton.

129. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reducing into one Act of Parliament the several Laws now in force for repairing the Road leading from the Town or Village of Tittenfor, to the most Northern Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford; and for repairing the Road from Darlastone Bridge, over Tittenfor Heath, through the Town or Village of Tittenfor aforesaid; and for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road branching out of the said Turnpike Road, near the House known by the Sign of The Black Lion, to, or nearly to, Shelton Wharf all in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the said County of Stafford.

130. An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, and other Roads adjoining thereto.

131. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dunham Ferry to the South End of Great Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham.

132. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop to the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill to the Great Northern Road at South Muskham, in the County of Nottingham.

133. An Act for amending and widening several Pieces of Road, and opening and making several Pieces of new Road therein described, so as to make a convenient Carriage Road from Buckingham, through Brackley, to join the Daventry Turnpike Road near Banbury.

134. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of three Acts made tn the first and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the third Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Read from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Basingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey; and for maintaining and repairing Egham Causeway, in the said County of Surrey.

135. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Great Marlow, in the County of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford.

136. An Act for enlarging the Terms of two several Acts, passed in the tenth and twenty-fifth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Bensington and Shillingford, in the County of Oxford, and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at Thame to the Oxford Turnpike Road between Postcomb and Tetsworth, in the said County a;nd for making more effectual Provision for repairing the said Roads.

137. An Act for continuing and amending certain Acts of the second and twenty-second Years of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, through Highgate, in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper's Corner, in the said County of Sussex; and for repairing and widening a Piece of Road communicating with one of the Roads comprized in the said Acts, called Whitebread Lane.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 31 Georgii III.

I. AN Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, or Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Lordships or Liberties of Beal otherwise Beaghall and Kellingly, in the Parish of Kellington, in the West Riding of the County of York.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Doveridge alias Dovebridge, in the County of Derby.

3. An Act for naturalizing Christian Noordingh.

4. An Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of the Honourable Elizabeth Byng, deceased, in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for investing the Money arising by the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses to which the Estates so to be sold are subject.

5. An Act to enable Trustees to cut down and sell Timber upon the Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Brand Esquire, and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

6. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Parslow Esquire, with Elizabeth Hall, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty of Kellington, in the West Riding of the County of York.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Ings, Stinted Pasture, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Tadcaster, in the County of York, and County of the City of York.

9. An Act for naturalizing Luke Foreman Esquire.

10. An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Albert Martinius and James La Fontaine.

11. An Act for naturalizing Peter Godeffroy, Johanna Catherine Godeffroy, his Wife, and John Thornton.

12. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Krohn.

13. An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement made between William Parkes and Thomas Read, and Mary his Wife, and the Right Honourable George Earl Brooke of Warwick Castle and Earl of Warwick, for the Exchange of certain Lands in the County of Warwick, and in the Borough of Warwick, in the said County.

14. An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury and Thomas Clutton to grant Building Leases, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose.

15. An Act for vesting the Bath Estate, situate in the Island of Barbadoes, and late belonging to Edward Day Esquire, deceased, together with the Stock and Effects upon or belonging to the same, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and for other Purposes therein expressed.

16. An Act for enabling the Trustees of Henry Smith Esquire, deceased, to accept a Conveyance of divers Hereditaments in the Parish of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, and an Annual or Fee Farm Rent of twenty-five Pounds, reserved out of, or for, the Manor of Mount Bures, in the County of Essex, and a yearly Rent of thirty Pounds, Part of an Annual or Fee Farm Rent of forty Pounds, reserved out of, or for, the Manor of Heddington, with the Hundred of Bullingdon, in the County of Oxford, in Exchange for the several Manors of Knowle, Sevenoaks, Kempsing, and Seal, in the County of Kent, and divers Hereditaments in the several Parishes of Sevenoaks, Kempsing, and Seal, in the said County of Kent, and to convey the last mentioned Hereditaments accordingly.

17. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Walford the younger, with Sophia Elizabeth Jeanes, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land and Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Great Kineton otherwise Kington, in the County of Warwick, called Great Kineton Field.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Egginton, in the County of Derby.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Common Arable Fields, a Common Stinted Pasture, called The Town Close, and a certain Common or Waste, called The Hollings, within the Manor and Township of Kippax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

21. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Little Woolston, in the County of Bucks.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Woods, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Barston otherwise Barkestone and Plungar, in the County of Leicester.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hose, in the County of Leicester.

24. An Act for naturalizing Charles Theophilus Cazenove and John Francis Batard.

25. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Koithan.

26. An Act for naturalizing Henry Heyman the younger.

27. An Act for naturalizing jean Baptiste Armand de Choiseul, called Marquis de Choiseul.

28. An Act for establishing and confirming a certain Exchange agreed upon between his Grace the Archbishop of York, and William Markham Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments of the said Archbishop, called Beckey Grange, in the Parish of Abberford, in the County of York, for certain Lands and Hereditaments of the said William Markham, situate at Langthorne and Crakehall, in the Parishes of Bedale and Hornby, or one of them, in the said County.

29. An Act for vesting certain Estates, late of or belonging to Thomas Staunton Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Essex, Suffolk, and Buckingham, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in such Manner as therein is mentioned.

30. An Act to impower Nathaniel Webb Esquire, and others, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of certain Estates in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Chadwick, otherwise Chadwick, in the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part of The Manhood Common, in the Hundred of Manhood, in the County of Sussex, which lies in the Parish of Birdbam, in the same County, commonly called or known by the Name of Birdham Common.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part of The Manhood Common, in the Hundred of Manhood, in the County of Sussex, which lies in the Parish of Westwittering, in the same County, commonly called or known by the Name of Westwittering Common; and also a certain other Open Waste or Common, called Cackham Green, in the same Parish.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Eastwood, in the County of Nottingham.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Tarvin, in the County of Chester.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Christleton, in the County of Chester.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Township of Norton in the Clay, in the North Riding of the County of York.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Field, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Handsworth, in the County of Stafford.

39. An Act to enable Dame Jane Trafford, Widow and Relict of Sir Clement Trafford, Knight, deceased, to take and use the Surname of Southwell, pursuant to the Will of Edward Southwell Esquire, deceased.

40. An Act for enabling Trustees to grant Leases of Part of the Estates of Susanna Ann Treffry Dormer and Jane Treffry Dormer, Infants, and to invest the Monies arising from the Leases to be granted on Fines, in the Purchase of real Estates, to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the Estates so to be leased.

41. An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division between Tloomas Hustler Esquire, and Richard William Peirse Esquire, of the Manor and Mansion House of Acklam, in the North Riding of the County of York, and of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Acklam and Middlesbrough, and in the Townships of Linthorpe and Airsome, in the said North Riding of the said County of York; and for settling and limiting the Intirety of the said Manor and Mansion House, and of the specifick Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, which, upon such Partition and Division, were allotted to each of them, to the several Uses therein mentioned, and for other Purposes.

42. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of William Dicconson Esquire, and Meliora his Wife, and Edward Dicconson Esquire, in the County of Lincoln, and at Wigan, Penwortham, Coppul, Charnock, Richard, Croston, Worthington, Burscough, and Dalton, in Furness, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees, upon Trust, to raise Money by Sale or Mortgage thereof, and to apply the Money so to be raised, in the Purchase of an Estate at Parbold, in the said County of Lancaster, to be settled to the Uses of the settled Estates.

43. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Samuel Clowes the younger, Esquire, in the County of Lancaster, in himself, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value, in the same County, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same; and for enabling the said Samuel Clowes to grant Building Leases of the Estate hereby settled.

44. An Act for amending and rendering effectual the Power of Sale contained in the Marriage Settlement of Sir Jacob Wolff Baronet, and Dame Anne, his Wife, so far as such Power relates to, or extends over, the Manor of Chumleigh, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Devon and Southampton, which have been settled to the Uses therein limited.

45. An Act to impower Charles Pierrepont Esquire, and his Issue Male, and also the several Tenants for Life under the Will of the Duke of Kingston, and their respective Issue Male, to grant Building Leases.

46. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of Sir Charles Sheffield Baronet, deceased, and devised by his Will in strict Settlement, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates more contiguous to the Bulk of the Family Estate of the said Sir Charles Sheffield, in the County of Lincoln, to be settled to the same Uses.

47. An Act for effectuating and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Trustees of Wilde's Charity and Robert Sparrow Esquire, and Mary Bence Spinster, of certain Estates in the County of Suffolk.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Lordships or Liberties of Heanor and Codnor, in the Parish of Heanor, in the County of Derby.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Marshes, Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Gedney and Hamlet thereof, called Gedney Fen, in the County of Lincoln.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Lordship of Curdworth and Minworth, in the Parish of Curdworth, in the County of Warwick.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open or Common Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Chaddesden, in the Parish of Spondon, and County of Derby.

52. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Heaths, and Commonable Lands, within the Township of Chippenham, in the County of Cambridge.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors or Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Nylands with Badcombe, in the County of Somerset.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Stockton, in the County of Warwick.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste Grounds, Common Fields, and Mesne Inclosures, within the Manor of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

56. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, in the Township of Leven, in the Parish of Leven, in the East Riding of the County of York.

57. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Nettleton, in the County of Lincoln.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lot Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets of West Langton, East Langton, Thorpe Langton, and Tur Langton, in the County of Leicester.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Oddington, in the County of Oxford.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, commonly called Edingale Fields, within the Parish of Edingale, in the County of Stafford, and the Parish of Croxall, in the County of Derby.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Ludford, in the County of Lincoln.

62. An Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, called Stoke Moor and Draycott Moor, within the Manor and Parish of Rodney Stoke, in the County of Somerset.

63. An Act to enable Henry Hopkins Fane Esquire, and Katherine his Wife, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Katherine, to take the Surname of Cholmley only, and to bear the Arms of the Family of the Cholmleys of Whitby and Wentworth of Howsham, pursuant to the Will of Nathaniel Cholmley Esquire, deceased.

64. An Act to enable Edward Acton Barrar Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname of Acton only, pursuant to the Will of Edward Acton Esquire, deceased.

65. An Act to enable Thomas Leigh Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Hare only.

66. An Act for naturalizing Francis Louis Bonapace Esquire.

67. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Ravee.

68. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Cecil Esquire, with Emma Vernon his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

69. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Hope, in the County of Flint, and also a certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground in the Townships of Lower Kinnerton and Dodleston, within the Manor and Parish of Dodleston, in the County of Chester.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Alconbury with Weston, in the County of Huntingdon.

71. An Act to enable Baldwin Duppa Hancorn, of Hollingbourne, in the County of Kent Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Duppa, pursuant to the Will of Baldwin Duppa, late of Holingbourne aforesaid, Esquire, deceased.

72. An Act to enable Baldwin Hancorn Esquire, and his first and other Sons, and their Issue Male, to take, use, and bear, the Name and Arms of Duppa, pursuant to the Will of Baldwin Duppa Esquire, deceased.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the thirty-second Year of the Reign of GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 32 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to extend the Provisions of certain Acts of Parliament made to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

2. An Act to repeal the Duties on certain Inhabited Houses containing less than seven Windows, or Lights, granted by an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

3. An Act for repealing the Duties on Female Servants.

4. An Act for repealing the Duties on Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other Carriages, granted by an Act of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

5. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

6. An Act for repealing the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Malt.

7. An Act for repealing a certain Part of the Duty upon all Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles.)

8. An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise by Common Brewers.

9. An Act for repealing certain Regulations with respect to Certificates on exporting Tea to Ireland or America.

10. An Act for the better Execution of certain Warrants issued for the apprehending and committing Persons convicted of Offences against the Excise Laws.

11. An Act to compel Auctioneers to declare whether Sales have been held under the Notices now required to be given by Law.

12. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

13. An Act to enable his Majesty to make Provision for the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of York and Albany; and also to settle an Annuity on her Royal Highness during the Time of her natural Life, to commence from the Decease of his said Royal Highness, in case her said Royal Highness shall survive him.

14. An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

15. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

16. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

17. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

18. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

19. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

20. An Act for providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, and for regulating and employing the Poor therein.

21. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise with respect to the manufacturing of Soap.

22. An Act to continue and amend several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; and to amend the Laws now in force for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights.

23. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Act, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

24. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, as relates to the Sale of the House in Privy Garden, heretofore used as an Office for the Commissioners of the Lottery; and to enable his Majesty to grant the said Premises.

25. An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company.

26. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

27. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose; and for, allowing further Time to such Persons as have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants.

28. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

29. An Act for establishing a permanent Fund for the Relief and Support of Skippers and Keelmen employed in the Coal Trade on the River Wear, in the County of Durham, who by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families; and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen.

30. An Act for taking down the Church, Chancel, and Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, in Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and for rebuilding the same, and for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Parish.

31. An Act for more effectually embanking, draining, and otherwise improving, the Island of Canvey, in the County of Essex.

32. An Act to revive and continue so much of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the Conveyance of Sheep between Cowes in the Isle of Wight, and the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth; and to extend the same to Horses and Lambs; and to amend the said Act.

33. An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages; and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Families; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments; and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of his Majesty's Ships.

34. An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service of Petty Officers and Stamen on Beard any of his Majesty's Ships; and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of his Majesty's Ships.

35. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money put of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

36. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the better regulating of Pilots, for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clark's Hydrometer; and to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty.

37. An Act for making perpetual an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

38. An Act for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, at or near the Town of Montrose, in the County of Forfar; and for making suitable Approaches thereto.

39. An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Bololph without Aldersgate in the City of London, to raise Money for paying and discharging the Debts that have been contracted in repairing their Parish Church, and building a new Workhouse.

40. An Act for amending the Laws of Excise relating to the Manufactory of Flint Glass.

41. An Act to exempt Whale Oil, and other Articles therein mentioned, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales.

42. An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors Money upon proper Securities, and for applying the Interest towards discharging the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General, and for building Offices for the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and a Publick Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunaticks, and for building Repositories for securing the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court, and the Records and Proceedings of the Commissioners of Bankrupts and Lunaticks.

43. An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback, and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in Foreign Ships,

44. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower the Magistrates therein mentioned to settle and regulate the Wages of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture within their respective Jurisdictions, to Manufactories of Silk mixed with other Materials; and for the more effectual Punishment of Buyers and Receivers of Silk purloined and embezzled by Persons employed in the Manufacture thereof.

45. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction.

46. An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent.

47. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

48. An Act to impower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, to continue a Session of the Peace, and of Oyer and Terminer, begun to beholden before the Essoign Day of Term, and Sitting of the King's Bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King's Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex.

49. An Act for allowing the Importation of Quercitron or Black Oak Bark, when the Price of Oak Bark shall be under the Price mentioned in an Act of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, and for lowering the Duty payable on Red Mangrove Bark imported into this Kingdom.

50. An Act for the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain; for exempting certain Coast Documents from Stamp Duties; for abolishing the Bond usually called The Isle of Man Bond; and for permitting Corn and Grain brought Coastwise to be transhipped into Lighters, for the Purpose of being carried through the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde.

51. An Act to exempt certain Letters passing between Merchants or other Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce in this Kingdom, containing Agreements with respect to Merchandize, Notes, or Bills of Exchange, from the Stamp Duty now imposed on written Agreements.

52. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the Shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

53. An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies.

54. An Act for more effectually securing the Duties upon foreign printed, painted, or stained Paper, imported into Great Britain.

55. An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners, at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; and to direct the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt, in case of future Loans.

56. An Act for preventing the counterfeiting of Certificates of the Characters of Servants.

57. An Act for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentices.

58. An Act for the Amendment of the Law in Proceedings upon Information in Nature of Quo Warranto.

59. An Act to amend so much of two Acts made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the licensing of Alehouse Keepers and Victuallers; and for better regulating Alehouses, and the Manner of granting such Licences in future; and also of granting Licences to Persons selling Wines to be drank in their Houses.

60. An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Functions of Juries in Cases of Libel.

61. An Act to indemnify Persons, being Proprietors, Printers, and Editors of Newspapers and other Publications, from certain Penalties incurred under several Acts therein, mentioned, relative to Lotteries.

62. An Act for removing the Stand of Hackney Coaches out of New Bond Street and Old Bond Street, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Westminster.

63. An Act for granting Relief to Pastors, Ministers, and Lay Persons of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland.

64. An Act for repairing, altering, and improving the Parish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the City of London; and for providing a Workhouse for the same Parish.

65. An Act to extend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas.

66. An Act for providing an additional Burying Ground for the Use of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex; and for shutting up the present Foot Path leading through the Church Yard, and making a commodious one in lieu thereof.

67. An Act for extending certain Acts therein mentioned to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of his Majesty's Ships, and residing in Ireland,

68. An Act for making effectual the Statute Labour in the County of Renfrew, and for levying Conversion Money in Lieu of Labour in certain cases; and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing High Roads and Bridges in the said County.

69. An Act for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

70. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of and belonging to the Parish of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester.

71. An Act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Bolton Moor, and other the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Great Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for widening, paving, lighting, watching, cleaning, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the Towns of Great Bolton and Little Bolton; and for supplying the said Towns with Water, and for providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Incroachments, and Annoyances; and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs within the said Towns.

72. An Act for vesting in James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Yellow Colour of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited Time.

73. An Act for more effectually securing to Joseph Booth, and to the Publick, the Benefit of a certain invention or Discovery therein mentioned, for which he hath obtained Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain.

74. An Act for the Maintenance and Improvement of the Harbour of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich, in the same County.

75. An Act for further enlarging and improving the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland.

76. An Act for building a new Church or Chapel within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

77. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Hundreds of Cirencester, Crowthorne, and Minty, Brightwells Barrow, Rapsgate, Bradley, Bisley, and Longtree, commonly called The Seven Hundreds of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester.

78. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Borough of Derby; and for selling a certain Piece of Waste Ground, situate within the said Borough, called Nun's Green, towards defraying the Expence of the said Improvements.

79. An Act for amending an Act of the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty, relating to the Haven and Harbour of Boston, in the County of Lincoln; and for regulating the mooring and removing of Ships and other Vessels within the said Haven and Harbour, and for removing Obstructions therein.

80. An Act for better paving, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln.

81. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from or from near Wyrley Bank in the County of Stafford, to communicate with the Birmingham, and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal, at or near the Town of Wolverhampton, in the said County; and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described, from the said intended Canal.

82. An Act for building a new Gaol, a Penitentiary House, and House of Correction, within the City of Bristol, and for regulating, maintaining, and supporting the same; and for disposing of the present Common Gaol of the said City of Bristol and County of the same City, and for other Purposes.

83. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Foot of Coombe Hill, in the Parish of Leigh, in the County of Gloucester, to join the River Severn, at or near a Place called Fisher's, otherwise Fletcher's Leap, in the Parish of Deerhurst, in the said County.

84. An Act for making a Navigable Canal from Manchester, to or near Ashton-underlyne, and Oldham in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

85. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of and within such Part of the Parish of Whitchurch as maintains its own Poor, and lies within the County of Salop.

86. An Act for repairing or rebuilding the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Broadstairs, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent; and for the better preserving the said Harbour; and for removing and preventing Obstructdions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and regulating the Mooring of Ships and Vessels within the said Harbour.

87. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to rebuild the West End of the Cathedral Church of Hereford, and to repair other Parts thereof.

88. An Act for rebuilding the Chapel, and enlarging the Chapel Yard of Lane End, within the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford.

89. An Act for building a new Church or Chapel in the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

90. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Wear, from the Bank or Shore thereof, in the Parish of Bishop Wearmouth, in the County of Durham, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Monk Wearmouth, in the same County.

91. An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Low Lands, within the Parish of Great Carlton, in the County of Lincoln.

92. An Act for making a Harbour in the Cove of Beer, in the County of Devon.

93. An Act for improving the Communication between the County of Edinburgh and the County of Fife, by the Passages or Ferries cross the Frith of Forth, between Leith and Newhaven, in the County of Edinburgh, and Kinghorn and Bruntisland in the County of Fife; and for rendering the Harbours and Landing Places more commodious.

94. An Act for regulating and improving the Salmon Fisheries in the River Nith, in the County of Dumfries.

95. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the several Parishes of Atcham, Wroxeter, Berrington, Cund, Eaton Constantine, Henley, Leighton, Uffington, and Upton Magna, and the Chapelry of Cressage, in the County of Salop.

96. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, belonging to the Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and certain other Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop.

97. An Act for building a Bridge, at or near the Ferry over the River Thames, from Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Pangbourn, in the County of Berks.

98. An Act for appointing Commissioners to sell and dispose of a certain unfinished Building at or near Taunton, in the County of Somerset, intended for a Publick Hospital or Infirmary, and of a Piece of Ground belonging thereto, in case a sufficient Sum of Money shall not be raised by Subscription, within a limited Time for finishing the said Building, and paying the Money due on Account thereof.

99. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Worcester, and of the Parishes of Saint Martin and Saint Clement, which are Part within the City of Worcester, and Part, within the County of Worcester, and for providing a Burial Ground for the Use of such Parishes.

100. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Cromford Canal, in the County of Nottingham, to or near to the Town of Nottingham, and to the River Treaty near Nottingham Trent Bridge; and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal.

101. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canal at or near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg; and also another Navigable Branch from, at, or near. Gale Moss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

102. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from, or from some Place near Pontnewynydd, into the River Usk, at or near the Town of Newport; and a Collateral Cut or Canal from the same, at or near a Place called Cryndau Farm, to or near to Crumlin Bridge, all in the County of Monmouth; and for making and maintaining Railways, or Stone Roads, from such Cuts or Canals, to several Iron Works and Mines, in the Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock.

103. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, widening, and regulating the Streets, Courts, Roads, Lanes, Ways, Rows, Alleys, and publick Passages and Places, within the Town of Portsea, in the County of Southampton; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions within the said Town.

104. An Act for building a New Gaol and House of Correction for the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen, and for supplying the said Town and County Borough, and the Liberties thereof, with Water; and for paving, watching, lighting, cleansing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Roads, and Publick Passages, and for widening, and making the same more commodious; and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; and for other Purposes.

105. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Medway, from the Town of Maidstone, through the several Parishes of Maidstone, Boxley, Allington, and Aylesford, in the County of Kent.

106. An Act for making and maintaining, a Navigation from Sleaford Castle causeway, through the Town of Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, along the Course of Sleaford Mill Stream and Kyme Eau, to the River Witham, at or near Chappel Hill, in the same County, and for making necessary Cuts for better effecting the said Navigation.

107. An Act for enlarging and improving the Canal called Tattershall Canal, from the River Witham to the Town of Tattershall, and extending the same into the River Bain, and for making the said River Bain navigable from thence to or into the Town of Horncastle, all in the County of Lincoln; and also for amending and rendering complete the navigable Communication between the said River Witham and the Fosdike Canal, through the High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln.

108. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Town or Hamlet of March, in the Manor and Parish of Doddington, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge; and for altering and amending an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the Parish of Upwell, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge.

109. An Act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving the Open fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships or Hamlets of Hessle, Aulaby, and Tranby in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of Tythe for certain ancient inclosed Lands within the said several Townships or Hamlets, and also within the Township or Hamlet of Wooferton, otherwise Wolfreton, in the same County.

110. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of the Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Land, called Hexhamshire, and Allendale Common, and also certain Town Fields within the Regality or Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, and for stinting the Depasturing of the other Parts of the said Commons, Moors, or Waste Land.

111. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, for amending the Road from the End of the Town Close, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Chalk Pits, near Thetford, in the County of Norfolk.

112. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Saint Benedict's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to Swaffham, in the County of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge, in Honingham, to the Bounds of Yaxham; and also a Lane called Hangman's Lane, near the Gates of the said City.

113. An Act for altering, raising, widening, repairing, and preserving the Road leading from the North End of the Turnpike Road called The Coal Road, near West Auckland, in the County of Durham, to the Elsdon Turnpike Road at or near Elishaw, in the County of Northumberland and for erecting, building, and making necessary and convenient Bridges, Mounts, and Batteries, upon the same.

114. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cherrill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherrill to the Three-Mile Burrough, at the Top of Cherrill Hill, in the County of Wilts; and for more effectually amending the Turnpike Road from Chittoe Heath, to the Town of Caine.

115. An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from Hand Cross to Corner House, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Horsham to Steyning, and from Corner House aforesaid to the Maypole in the Town of Henfield, in the County of Sussex; and also for keeping in Repair a certain Branch of Road leading from the Direction Post near a certain Place called The Crab Tree, in the Parish of Beding, otherwise Seal, through the Parishes of Nuthurst and Horsham, to the Town of Horsham, in the said County.

116. An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act of the tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from Upton, in the Parish of Ratley, to the North End of Bridge Street, in the Town of Great Kington, and from thence to the Guide Post, at the Town of Wellesbourne Hastings, in the County of Warwick.

117. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road from Dover, through Folkestone, to Hythe, at a certain Place called Canterbury Lane, within the Liberty of the Town of Folkestone, to a certain Place, in the Parish of Folkestone, called Mudshole; and for making a new Road from thence through a certain Field, called Yaldergates, through Rainden Wood, over Swingfield Minnis, through Denton; and for repairing and widening the Road from thence to the Direction Post on Barham Downs, in the Parish of Barham, at The Four Vents.

118. An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of two Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the eighteenth and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road leading from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the same County, to Croft Bridge, on the River Tees, and from thence through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham; and for reducing the said Acts into one, and for the more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road.

119. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton.

120. An Act for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the new Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by the Town of Bathgate, to Baillieston, in the County of Lanerk; and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Branches of Road from the said Line of Road; and for building a Bridge over the Water of Avon at Torphichen Mill; and for discharging the Trustees for executing two Acts passed in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and two Acts passed in the fourteenth and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, from the Care of such Part of the Road from Newhouse Inn to Glasgow as leads from the Confines of the Parishes of Monkland and Shotts to the East Boundary of Baillieston aforesaid, and putting the same under the Power of the Trustees appointed by this Act.

121. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the Road leading from Renfrew to Greenock, by Corsehill, and by the Side of the River Clyde, and by Port Glasgow, and the Bridget Inchinnan; and for more effectually making, and repairing and altering the Course of the said Road from Renfrew to Greenock; and for making and repairing other Roads connecting therewith, and leading to and from Paisley, in the County of Renfrew, and the Branches thereof; and for shutting up Bye Roads that are useless to the Publick.

122. An Act for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Lanark, to the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanark.

123. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts of the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, and of the eleventh and fifteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Rods in the County of Peebles; and for making the said Acts more effectual, and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the said County.

124. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County of Lanark.

125. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the repairing the Read from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queensferry, in the County of Linlithgow.

126. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads, or Branches of Road, leading from the Parishes of Yoxford, Saxmundham, and Benhall, in the County of Suffolk, to the Town of Aldeburgh, in the said County.

127. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from The Hoodgate, at the West End of the Town of Middleton in Teesdale, in the County of Durham, to the Gate in the new Inclosure called The Edge, near the Collieries called West Pitts, in the Parish of Saint Andrew's, Auckland, in the same County; and also a Branch from the said Road, at or near the Head of the Town of Egleston, to Egleston Bridge, over the River Tees.

128. An Act for repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Chapel en le Frith to, or near to Enterclough Bridge, in the County of Derby; and also the Road from the Village of Hayfield to Marple Bridge, in the said County; and also the Road from the Village of Glossop to a certain Gate called Claylands Gate, in the Township of Longdendale, on or near to the Side of the Turnpike Road leading from Mottram to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of Chester.

129. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Swanspool Bridge, in the City of Peterborough, in the Town of Thorney, in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge; and for altering the Course of some Part of the said Road.

130. An Act for continuing and amending two Acts of the twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening the Road leading from The Red Post, in the Parish of Fivehead, through the Towns of Langport and Somerton, to Butwell; and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Somerset; and for repairing, amending, and widening certain other Roads within the said County.

131. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts of the thirty-first Year of King the Second, and tenth Year of his present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield, in the County of York.

132. An Act to continue the Term of two Acts of the seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the End of Middleton Tyas Lane, over Gatherly Moor, to Greata Bridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York.

133. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Low Water Mark of the River Humber, at or near Brough Ferry, in the Parish of Elloughton, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the North End of the Town of Brough, and from thence, through South Cave, to Coney Clappers, in South Newbald Holmes, in the said Riding.

134. An Act for continuing and amending two Acts, of the seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the ninth Year of his present Majesty, so far as relates to repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham to the North Extent of the Parish of Hanwell, in the County of Oxford.

135. An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of two several Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the twenty-first and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from the Town of Bowes, in the County of York, to Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham, and from thence, through Staindrop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate, along Gibb Chair, to Gaundless Bridge, and from thence by Melderston Gill, otherwise Cowndon Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham; and for reducing the said Acts into one, and for the more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road.

136. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for repairing the Road from Newland Bridge to the West End of the Town of Cottingham, in the said Riding.

137. An Act for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Bottom of Mason's Lane, near the Town of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Bath to Kingsdown, at or near Bathford Bridge, in the County of Somerset.

138. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Hodges to Beadles Hill, and from thence to the Town of Cuckfield, and from Beadles Hill aforesaid to the Town of Lindfield, and from the Turnpike Road between Cuckfield and Crawley to the Town of Horsham; and also the Road from Swingate, in the Parish of Burwash, to Shover Green, in the Parish of Ticehurst, all in the County of Sussex.

139. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from, or nearly from, Stand Edge, within Saddleworth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to or near Mump's Brook, in the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestwich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also a Road leading out of the said intended Road, through or near Doberess, to or near a Place called Wall Hill in Saddleworth aforesaid; and also another Road leading out of the said first-mentioned Road, at or near a Place called Shaw Hall, to or near a Place called Hollins, all in Saddleworth aforesaid.

140. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Market House in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads from Blakedown Pool, in the Parish of Hagley and County of Worcester, to the Top of Smallbrooke Street; and from The Five Ways to Easy Row in Birmingham, in the said County of Warwick.

141. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, and for amending several other Roads in or near the said Town; for repairing several Roads in and leading through the Town of Warminster; for paving and repairing the Footways, and regulating the Market, within the said Town of Warminster.

142. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Collingham, through Wetherby, to the City of York.

143. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Burlton, in the County of Salop, through Knockin, to Llanymynech, in the same County, and from Knockin to the East End of the Llanriader Road; and from Place Carrick Lane to the Turnpike Road from Llanymynech to Oswestry, near Coid Issa Mountain, and from Oswestry Turnpike Road on Knockin Heath, to the East End of Knockin Lane.

144. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from Penn Inn, in the County of Dorset, to or near Shipley Lane, in the Parish of Honiton, in the County of Devon, and from Northcote Lane, in Honiton aforesaid, to or near Collumpton, in the said County of Devon; and several other Roads in the Counties of Dorset, Devon, and Somerset; and for repealing so much of an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, as relates to the Road from Fair Mile Inn to Straightway Head, otherwise Stretwood Head, in the Parish of Whimple, in the said County of Devon.

145. An Act for repairing and improving the Road leading from Cornhill Burn, by Pallinsburn and Flodden Lane to Milfield March Burn, and by Ford Bridge to Lowick, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham.

146. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and repairing the Roads from Swell Wold in the Parish of Lower Swell in the County of Gloucester, to or near the sixth Mile Stone on the Turnpike Road leading from the Borough of Tewkesbury to the Town of Stow, in the same County; and from the North-east End of The Swan Lane, in the Parish of Cheltenham, in the same County, to the Turnpike Road leading to Evesham, in the Parish of Sedgeborough, in the County of Worcester; and from the Town of Winchcomb, in the said County of Gloucester, by a Place called Stamp Cross, to or near the Tenth Mile Stone on the said Turnpike Road, leading from Tewkesbury to Stow aforesaid.

147. An Act to enlarge the Term, and alter and amend the Powers of two several Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the South End of the South Street, in the Parish of South Malling, near the Town of Lewes, to Glynd Bridge, and from thence through Firle Street under the Hill, to Longbridge, in the Parish of Alfriston, in the County of Sussex (except so far as the said Acts relate to that Part of the said Road which lies between a Place, commonly called Bopeep, in the Parish of Alciston, and Longbridge aforesaid); and for amending and keeping in Repair several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Sussex.

148. An Act for repairing and improving the Road leading from the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, to and through the Town of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, to the present Turnpike Road leading from Lynn, through the Parish of Cranwich, in the said County of Norfolk.

149. An Act for repealing an Act of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of Berwick, at or near Banghouse Walls, to Compton's Lanes and Eymouth, and from the Town of Eccles to Eymouth, and from Whitelaw Muir to Compton's Lanes, in the County of Berwick; and for repairing, widening, and amending several Roads, and for regulating the Statute Labour, in the said County of Berwick.

150. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Market House, in the Town of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County of Oxford.

151. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road at Cockham Hill, in the Parish of Westerham, in the County of Kent, through the Village of Limpsfield, to the Village of Titsey, over Botley Hill, Worms Heath, and Wallingham Common, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey.

152. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Term of two Acts, made in the twenty sixth and twenty seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to the Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorbals to the Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Counties of Lanerk and Renfrew, so far as the said Act relates to the Road from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge; and for more effectually making, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Road of Communication between the said Road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the Canal from The Forth to The Clyde.

153. An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road leading from the Town of Burford, in the County of Oxford, to Leachlade, in the County of Gloucester, and for making a Road from thence to the River Isis or Thames; for building a Bridge across the said River, and for making a Road from thence to join the present Road leading from Leachlade to Inglesham; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the said last mentioned Road to and through the Town of Highworth, in the County of Wilts, to the present Turnpike Road leading from Cricklade to Swindon, in the same County.

154. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Livingston, by the Kirk of Shots, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near Theevesford, and for opening and making certain Streets in and near the City of Glasgow; for altering a Part of the High Road betwixt Edinburgh and Glasgow, by carrying a new Line of Road to the North of the Hills, and another Line of Road by the South, and for straightening and making the Roads more convenient; as also for altering the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Hamilton, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde below the present old Bridge, called Bothwell Bridge; as also for altering the Road from the Town of Hamilton, Eastward, until it joins the Great Road between Edinburgh and Glasgow.

155. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Hobmoor Lane End.

156. An Act for repairing, altering, and improving the Road from Golden Grove Park, in the Parish of Llandilofawr, to the Turnpike Road leading from the New Bridge over the River Towy to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llandarog; and also several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Carmarthen.

157. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stone to Lane End, and to the Road between Leek and Sandon, on Meir Heath, and from Meir to Trentham, and from thence to Stableford, in the County of Stafford, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes; and for repairing and improving the Road from a Place called Walton, in Stone aforesaid, to Eccleshall, in the said County of Stafford.

158. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and Enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East End of the Bridge across the River Ouze, in Downham Market, to The Queen's Head, and from The Chequer Inn, in Downham Market aforesaid, to the East End of the Two Mile Close, in the Parish Barton, and towards Watton, to a Place called The Devil's Ditch, in the County of Norfolk; and for stopping up the Road leading from Stradset, through Barton Layes, towards Watton.

159. An Act for amending and more effectually repairing the Road from The Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to The King's Arms, in Hockliffe, in the said County.

160. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shelton to the Road between Cheadle and Leek, and from Bucknall to Weston Coyney, and from the Road between Cheadle and Leek to the Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road between Blyth Marsh and Thorp, at or near Ruehill Gate, in the County of Stafford, so far as the same relates to the Road from Shelton to Blakely Lane Head, and from Bucknall to Weston Coyney.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 32 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for naturalizing John Baptist Davallon.

2. An Act for dividing and allotting several Open and Common Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Avebury, in the County of Wilts.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands, being Parts of Mendip, Lyatt, and Dinder Hill, within the Parishes of Croscombe and Dinder, in the County of Somerset.

4. An Act to enable Gilbert Trowe Beckett Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of Turner, pursuant to the Will of Martha Turner, Widow, deceased.

5. An Act for naturalizing Richard Walker.

6. An Act for naturalizing Alphonso Doxat and Charles Frederick Brandt.

7. An Act for naturalizing John Mark Gourgas and James Soret.

8. An Act for naturalizing John William Hentig and Jacob Anderson.

9. An Act for naturalizing Herman Schroder.

10. An Act to enable Trustees to cut down and sell Timber upon the Estates devised and settled by the Will of Ralph Carr Esquire, and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Walton in the Woulds, in the County of Leicester.

12. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement between the Master and Scholars of Balliol College, in the University of Oxford, and the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, for vesting in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, certain Ground and Buildings in the Parish of Saint Lawrence Jewry, London, and for securing to the said Master and Scholars, and their Successors, certain yearly Rents in lieu thereof.

13. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Wiliam Raybould with Joannah Pearsall, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

14. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Larking Esquire, with Elizabeth Marcon, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

15. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Wilmot Esquire, with Fanny Sainthill, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

16. An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Knooke, in the County of Wilts.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of North Grimston, in the East Riding of the County of York.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Redmile, in the County of Leicester.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Wood Enderby, in the County of Lincoln.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Broadwell, in the County of Gloucester.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Turkdean, in the County of Gloucester.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Aynho, in the County of Northampton.

23. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Waste Lands, Moors, or Commons, within the Manor of Reedsdale, and Parish of Corsenside, in the County of Northumberland.

24. An Act for vesting a Leasehold Estate, late of John Blackburne Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom in the Manner therein mentioned.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Marsh, and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tydd Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln.

26. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Parish of Ogbourn Saint George, in the County of Wilts.

27. An Act for effectuating certain Exchanges between the Right Honourable the Earl Fitzwilliam and Francis Ferrand Foljambe Esquire, and the Right Honourable the Lord Hawke and the said Francis Ferrand Foljambe, and to enable Trustees to make future Exchanges of a detached Part of the Estates of the said Francis Ferrand Foljambe.

28. An Act for discharging Part of the Leasehold Estates of Edward Baron de Clifford, in Spring Garden, in Middlesex, from the Pin Money, Jointure, and younger Children's Portions secured thereon, and for making such Portions the first Charge upon the Residue of the Funds subjected thereto, and for impowering the Trustees of the said Baron de Clifford to sell the Remainder of the said Leaseholds, and apply the Produce upon the Trusts of his Marriage Settlement, and, until Sale, to grant Building and Repairing Leases.

29. An Act for vesting the Lands and Estates of Melgund and Kynnyndmond, and other Lands and Estates comprised in the Deed of Entail executed by the deceased Sir Alexander Murray Baronet, upon the thirteenth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, and invest the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deed of Entail.

30. An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Bristol to grant a Lease of Part of the Lands of the said Dean and Chapter, in the Parish of Saint Michael the Archangel, in the City of Bristol, for the Purpose of building thereon.

31. An Act for vesting in Trustees the legal Estate in Fee Simple of divers Manors and other Hereditaments, mortgaged or conveyed in Trust to John Trehawke Esquire, deceased, after the Date of his Will.

32. An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases of certain Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage.

33. An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement, made and entered into between the Reverend John Taylor, Curate of the Curacy of Clifton, in the Parish of Westbury upon Trym, in the County of Gloucester, and Harry Elderton, of the City of Bristol, Gentleman, for granting a Building Lease of a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground belonging to the said Curacy.

34. An Act to impower Philip Goldsworthy Esquire, Tenant for Life under the Will of Martha Gasbry deceased, to grant Building or Repairing Leases.

35. An Act to enable the Trustees in the Settlement executed on the Marriage of Henry Tonge Esquire, and Ann Eliza his Wife, to sell and dispose of a Capital Messuage or Mansion House, and other Hereditaments, in the County of Somerset, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Old South-Sea Annuities, upon the Trusts of the said Settlement.

36. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Thomas Griffith Esquire, and Henrietta Maria his Wife, in the Parish of Kiddington, alias Cuddington, in the County of Chester, and in the Parishes of Llanvilling and Penant, in the County of Montgomery, in Sir Richard Brooke Baronet, as Mortgagee in Fee Simple, and for vesting the Equity of Redemption thereof in the said Thomas Griffith, and his Heirs, and for settling an Estate of the said Thomas Griffith, in the Parish of Mold, in the County of Flint, in lieu thereof.

37. An Act to enable Edward Curtis, during his Life, and, after his Death, the Guardians of his Children, during their Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Pieces of Ground at Clifton, in the County of Gloucester.

38. An Act for vesting certain settled Leasehold Lands and Tenements of Edward Daniel Gentleman, and Catherine his Wife, in that Part of the Parish of Clifton which lies within the City of Bristol, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled upon the Trusts of the said settled Estates.

39. An Act to enable the Heir, or Heirs at Law, of the surviving Trustee of Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Chalfont Saint Peter's and Iver, in the County of Bucks, purchased with Part of the Personal Estate of Charles Churchill Esquire, deceased, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his hue Majesty King George the Second, to sell and convey the same Lands and Hereditaments, for a Consideration to be paid into the Hands of the Trustees of the Personal Estate of Charles Churchill Esquire, deceased; and also to enable the said Trustees to invert the said Purchase Money, and other the said Personal Estate, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses, and with the Limitations, mentioned in the said Act of Parliament, and again to sell and dispose of the same Lands and Hereditaments, and any other Lands that may be purchased under the same Act, or by virtue of this Act, and to invest the Purchase Monies arising therefrom either in the Publick Funds, or upon Securities, or in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to the same Uses.

40. An Act for vesting those Parts of the Lands and Estate of Blythwood, and others, which lie in the County of Lanerk, in Trustees, for the Purpose of selling or feuing the same, and for investing the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Estates, more commodious and contiguous to the other and greater Part of the said Estate of Blythwood, which lies in the County of Renfrew, and for settling and securing the Lands and Estates, so to be purchased, to, and in favour of, the same Series of Heirs, in Fee Tail, and under the same Restrictions, Conditions, and Limitations, as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, by Colin Campbell, of Blythwood, deceased.

41. An Act to subject and charge a competent Part of the settled Estates of James Templer Esquire, in the County of Devon, with a Sum of Money to be applied and disposed of for the Purposes therein mentioned.

42. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and other Hereditaments, in the Counties of Berks and Bucks (being the Estates devised and settled by the Will of Catherine Edwin Spinster, deceased) in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to John Martindale Esquire, and his Heirs, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be more conveniently situate as therein mentioned, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now stand settled by the said Will.

43. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Prestwich cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory.

44. An Act for confirming, and rendering effectual, a Partition between Daniel Leo Esquire, and Letitia his Wife, and Mary Puleston Widow, of several Estates in the Counties of Flint, Denbigh, and Caernarvon, late the Estates of John Davies of Llanerth Esquire, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

45. An Act for effectuating and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between Charles Duke of Norfolk, and Francis Ferrand Foljambe Esquire, of certain Lands and other Hereditaments, in the Counties of York, Nottingham, and Derby.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Welton in the Marsh, in the County of Lincoln.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Uffington, in the County of Lincoln.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Liberty of Stanley, in the County of Derby.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Syerston, in the County of Nottingham.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Moors, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tealby, otherwise Tevilby, in the County of Lincoln.

51. An Act for inclosing, and leasing or letting, certain Commons, or Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish of Colton, in the County of Stafford, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor's Rates in the said Parish, and for making Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish.

52. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Tract of Common or Waste Land, Part of the Forest of Mendip, lying within the Manors of East Horrington and Chilcot, in the Out-Parish of Saint Cuthbert in Wells, in the County of Somerset.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Stathern, in the County of Leicester.

54. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Mold, in the County of Flint.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, called Cheslyn Common, in the Liberties of Great Saredon, Little Saredon, and Great Wyrley, in the County of Stafford.

56. An Act to extend the Powers and Provisions of an Act, of the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hutton Bushell, in the North Riding of the County of Yorks to the Township of West Ayton, in the Parish of Hutton Bushell aforesaid.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Monk Fryston, in the West Riding of the County of York.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Ings, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Tockwith, in the Parish of Bilton, in the County of the City of York.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Rodmarton and Coates, in the County of Gloucester; and also for settling and ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Parishes.

60. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Common Fields only, in the Parish of Monk Sherborne, in the County of Southampton.

61. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Shipton, in the County of Southampton.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Hemswell, in the County of Lincoln.

63. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Coppices, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Lambley, in the County of Nottingham.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosed Common Fields, Common Woods, Wastes, Commons, and other Lands, within the Parish of Gedling, comprising the several Hamlets of Gedling, Stoke Bardolph, and Carlton, in the County of Nottingham.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Great Weldon and Little Weldon, in the County of Northampton.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Heaths, Waste and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Manor and Chapelry of Southleigh, in the Parish of Stanton Harcourt, in the County of Oxford.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Forest Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Basford, in the County of Nottingham.

68. An Act to enable Nutcombe Quick, of Nutcombe, in the County of Devon, Clerk, and his first and other Sons and their Issue Male, and his Daughters and their Issue, to take and use the Surname of Nutcombe, according to the last Will and Testament of Hannah Nutcombe Bluett deceased, and for ratifying Conveyances made by the said Nutcombe Quick, and his only Son, by the Surname of Nutcombe.

69. An Act for naturalizing Joseph Ventura.

70. An Act for naturalizing Anne Maria Mainwaring and James Mainwaring.

71. An Act for vesting several Lands and Hereditaments, of which Jacob Earl of Radnor is Tenant for Life, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in lieu thereof.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pasture, Waste Grounds, Hills, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the several Manors of Lower otherwise Nether Hampen, Shipton Sollers, and Shipton Olliffe, in the Parishes of Shipton Sollers and Shipton Olliffe, in the County of Gloucester, and some Pieces of Land which extend into the Parishes of Whittington and Dowdeswell, in the same County.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the thirty-third Year of the Reign

of GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 33 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to prohibit the Circulation of Promissory or other Notes, Orders, Undertakings, or Obligations, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, or for any other Consideration, created and issued under or in the Name of any publick Authority in France.

2. An Act to enable his Majesty to restrain the Exportation of Naval Stores; and more effectually to prevent the Exportation of Salt Petre, Arms, and Ammunition, when prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council.

3. An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution an Order of Council respecting the Exportation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto; and also for authorizing his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Potatoes; and to permit the Importation of Corn, Meal, or Flour, on the Low Duties.

4. An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases.

5. An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver, upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit.

6. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

7. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

8. An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

9. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

10. An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

11. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

12. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Member and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

13. An Act to prevent Acts of Parliament from taking Effect from a Time prior to the passing thereof.

14. An Act to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance Companies, and their Successors, to grant, purchase, and sell Annuities upon or for Lives.

15. An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the Bank of England.

16. An Act for effectually carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, and to the South-east Side of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Turgiss, in the said County of Southampton.

17. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

18. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

19. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and for making Provision for Adjutants who have served a certain Time in the Militia.

20. An Act for effectually carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament of the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk.

21. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham, to extend the said Canal from a Place called Clayton Demesne, in the Township of Droylsden, in the Parish of Manchester aforesaid, to a Place in the Turnpike Road in Heaton Norris, leading between Manchester and Stockport, opposite to the House known by the Sign of The Three Boars Heads; and from or nearly from a Place called Taylors Barn, in the Township of Reddish, to Denton, at a Place called Beat Bank, adjoining the Turnpike Road leading between Stockport and Ashton under Lyne; and also from the intended Aqueduct Bridge, at or near a Place called Waterhouses, in the Parish of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, to a Place called Stake Leach, at Hollinwood, in the Township of Oldham aforesaid.

22. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

23. An Act for altering the Provisions of an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, so far as respects the Quality of Table Beer brewed by common Brewers.

24. An Act for separating the Chapels of Chorley and Rufford from the Parish of Croston, in the County of Lancaster, and for making them two distinct Parish Churches.

25. An Act for paving the Footpaths, within the Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop; and for lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, the said Borough.

26. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels, during the present War.

27. An Act more effectually. to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given for his Majesty's Enemies.

28. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities, to be charged of the Consolidated Fund; and for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on British Spirits, and certain Duties on the Amount of assessed Taxes.

29. An Act for enabling his Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned.

30. An Act for the better preventing Forgeries and Frauds in the Transfers of the several Funds transferable at the Bank of England.

31. An Act to enable the Common Council of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, on Behalf and Account of the Corporation of the said Town, to issue negotiable Notes for a limited Time, and to a limited Amount.

32. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for providing that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall not be subject to any Penalties, by reason of an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, on Account of their advancing Money for the Payment of Bills of Exchange accepted by, or by the Direction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and made payable at the Bank of England.

33. An Act for repealing Part of an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Salt, and for the better Payment of Debentures at the Custom House, which may relate to the refining and making of Salt at certain Works intended to be erected at Garston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, instead of the present Salt Works at Liverpool.

34. An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom.

35. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employ aunt of the Poor.

36. An Act to establish certain Regulations respecting Officers serving in several Corps of Fencible Men, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in certain other Corps which may be directed to be raised in Great Britain.

37. An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, with respect to the Time within which certain Prosecutions directed by me said Act are to be brought.

38. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or nearly from a Place called The Saltisford, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Borough of Warwick unto or near to the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and to terminate at or near to a certain Navigable Canal in or near to the Town Of Birmingham, called the Digbeth Branch of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations.

39. An Act for the more easy raising Money upon the Hundred of Hemlingford, in the County of Warwick, for paying the Damages and Costs incurred on Account of the late Riots within the said Hundred, than is authorized to be done by the Laws now in being.

40. An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain and navigated according to Law; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British) and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; and to revive and continue an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

41. An Act to enable Robert Claxton of Bristol, Merchant, to take the Oath prescribed and directed to be taken by an Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, for the further Encrease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

42. An Act for incorporating the Company of Free Fishers and Dredgers of Whitstable, in the County of Kent, and for the better ordering and Government of the Fishery.

43. An Act for enlarging the Powers of and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Paddington in the County of Middlesex, and for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish.

44. An Act for requiring a certain Form of Oath of Abjuration, and Declaration, from his Majesty's Subjects professing the Roman Catholick Religion, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

45. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Tower of the Parish Church of Hanbury, in the County of Worcester, and for repairing the said Church, and rendering the same more commodious for the Parishioners.

46. An Act for vesting in his Majesty certain forfeited Estates in Ireland, subject to the Disposition of the Parliament of Ireland.

47. An Act for placing the Stock called East India Annuities under the Management of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and ingrafting the same on the three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, in Redemption of a Debt of four millions two hundred thousand Pounds, owing by the Publick to the East India Company; and for enabling the said Company to raise a Sum of Money, by a further Increase of their Capital Stock, to be applied in Discharge of certain Debts of the said Company.

48. An Act to allow the Drawback of the Duties of Customs and Excise upon Wines consumed by Admirals, Captains, and other Commissioned Officers, on Board Ships of War in actual Service, and to allow such Ships to be supplied with Tobacco, Duty free.

49. An Act for further continuing and amending an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom.

50. An Act to amend an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the West Indies; and for amending so much of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships; and so much of two Acts made in the twenty-eighth and thirty-first Years of his present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Timber into any Island under the Dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in the West Indies or South America; and so much of the said Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine into Nova Scotia or New Brunswick from any Country belonging to the United States of America.

51. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned.

52. An Act for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Term, the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for making Provision for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay.

53. An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers.

54. An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies.

55. An Act to authorize Justices of the Peace to impose Fines upon Constables, Overseers, and other Peace or Parish Officers, for Neglect of Duty, and on Masters of Apprentices for ill Usage of such their Apprentices; and also to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted by Magistrates.

56. An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback, and Payment of the Bounty, on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in Foreign Ships; and for reducing the Bounty on refined Sugars, exported in any other than British Ships.

57. An Act for the better Regulation of warehoused Tobacco, and for permitting certain Tobacco of the Spanish Dominions to be admitted to Entry on the Payment of the British Plantation Duty.

58. An Act to allow to Ships carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery to the North of the Equator, the same Premium as they are now entitled to it they do not pass the Equator.

59. An Act to continue certain Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits imported into this Kingdom, for a limited Time; and also for continuing certain Laws of Excise therein mentioned.

60. An Act to enable the Post-master General to send the Mail to the Dominions of his Catholick Majesty, on Board of any Vessels authorised by his Catholick Majesty to carry the same.

61. An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited Time.

62. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

63. An Act to permit Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Asia, Africa, or America, legally imported into Ireland, to be imported from thence into Great Britain.

64. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the seventh and eighth Years of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing and returning such Members, so far as relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election.

65. An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported.

66. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning his Majesty's Navy.

67. An Act for better preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships or other Vessels, and in obstructing Seamen, Keelmen, Casters, and Ship Carpenters, from pursuing their lawful Occupations.

68. An Act for remedying Inconveniencies attending certain Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, and for the County Palatine of Chester, in the Court of Common Pleas for the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the Court of Pleas for the County Palatine of Durham, and in the County Courts in Wales.

69. An Act for repealing the Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cinders, brought or carried Coastwise into Scotland; and for granting other Duties on Licences to sell certain distilled Spirituous Liquors, in lieu thereof.

70. An Act for repealing the Duties and Drawbacks on Figs, and for granting and allowing other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof; for charging a Duty on the Importation, and allowing a Drawback on the Exportation, of Virginal Wire of Copper; for empowering the Commissioners of the Customs to authorize their Officers to make Allowance for Damages received by Goods during the Voyage; and for authorizing the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise, to sell Vessels, liable to be broken up, to private Persons, to be used as Privateers.

71. An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made In the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to let to farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

72. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

73. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

74. An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

75. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same.

76. An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent.

77. An Act for further settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Heirs Male of the Body of the late Lord Rodney, to whom the Barony of Rodney shall descend, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said late Lord Rodney to his Majesty and the Publick.

78. An Act to enable his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales, to make Leases, Copies and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his said Royal Highness's Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

79. An Act requiring and authorizing Charles Gilbert, Esquire, Treasurer of the Eastern Division, and the Reverend Francis Tutte, the legal Representative of Randolph Tutte deceased, late Treasurer of the Western Division of the County of Sussex to pay certain Sums of Money received by them the said Treasurers, or either of them, on Account of the not raising the Militia of the said County, into the publick Stocks of the said Divisions, to be applied as therein is directed; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

80. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation, at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames at or near Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal.

81. An Act to amend an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines, for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines, within the Isle of Anglesey.

82. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching Haydon Square, the New Square, Haydon Yard, Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise the Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Passages therein, leading thereto, in the Parish of Trinity otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minories, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

83. An Act for the better lighting, cleaning, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments within the same.

84. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley, Batley, Birstall, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkbarton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes.

85. An Act for supplying the Towns of Plymouth Dock, Stoke Damarel, Stonehouse, and the Parts adjacent in the County of Devon, with Water.

86. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, one made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals.

87. An Act for enlarging the Church Yard or Cemetery of the Parish Church of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex.

88. An Act for paving and repairing certain Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, in the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex; and for paving and regulating such Parts of Old Cock Lane, and York Street, as are in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch; and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

89. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and publick Places, within such Part of the Parish of Walcot, in the County of Somerset, as is not within the Circuit, Precinct, and Jurisdiction of the City of Bath, in the same County; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions; and for establishing a proper and effective Police therein; and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Basket Men, and Basket Women, within the said City of Bath, and at a certain Distance thereof.

90. An Act for making a new Street from Saint George's Road in the Parish of Christchurch in the County of Surrey, through Holland's Leagure, into and across The Green Walk, and from thence into Gravel Lane, in the said Parish; and for discontinuing as a publick Highway Part of a Street called The Upper Ground Street, in the said Parish.

91. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester; and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal.

92. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk; and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein.

93. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between, the Town of Chelmsford, or some Part of the Parish of Springfield, in the County of Essex, and a Place called Collier's Reach, in or near the River Blackwater, in the said County.

94. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or nearly from the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge; and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Cropwell Butler, to the Town of Bingham, both in the County of Nottingham.

95. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Glamorganshire Canal, to or near the Village of Aberdare, in the County of Glamorgan; and for making and maintaining a Rail Way or Stone Road from thence to or near Abernant, in the Parish of Cadoxtone juxta Neath, in the said County.

96. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Brecknock to the Monmouthshire Canal, near the Town of Pontypool, in the County of Monmouth; and for making and maintaining Rail Ways and Stone Roads from such Canal to several Iron Works and Mines in the Counties of Brecknock and Monmouth.

97. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at or near the City of Gloucester, into a Place called Berkeley Pill, in the Parish of Berkeley; and also a Cut to or near the Town of Berkeley, in the County of Gloucester.

98. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from the Town of Leicester to communicate with the River Nen, in or near the Town of Northampton, and also a certain Collateral Cut from the said Navigation.

99. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication from the Junction of the River Foss with the River Ouse, at or near the City of York, to Stillington Mill, in the Parish of Stillington, in the North Riding of the County of York; and for draining and improving certain Low Lands lying on each Side of the said River Foss.

100. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for erecting Piers in, and for repairing and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Littlehampton, called Arundel Port, in the County of Sussex; and for impowering the Commissioners acting under the said Act to improve the Navigation of the River Arun, from the said Harbour to the Town of Arundel, in the said County.

101. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of All Saints within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for purchasing Land for the Purpose of a Church Yard for the Use of the said Parish.

102. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Trent, at or near Swarkstone Bridge, to and through the Borough of Derby, to Little Eaton, with a Cut out of the said Canal in or near the said Borough, to join the Erewash Canal near Sandiacre, and for making Rail Ways from such Canal to several Collieries in the Parishes or Liberties of Denby, Horsley, and Smalley, all in the County of Derby.

103. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Melton Mowbray Navigation, in the County of Leicester, to Oakham, in the County of Rutland.

104. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Loch Gilp, to Loch Crinan, in the Shire of Argyll.

105. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from a Place called Hammerside Hill in the Parish of Ulverstone, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to a Place called Weint End, near the Town of Ulverstone aforesaid.

106. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near Bubwith Ferry, in the East Riding of the County of York, and making proper Approaches thereto.

107. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canals at or near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg; and also another Navigable Branch from, at, or near Gale Moss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster; and also for making a Navigable Branch from the said Canal, at or near Galgate, to Glasson Dock, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

108. An Act for draining, dividing, inclosing, and improving all the Moor Lands in the Townships of Redness and Swinefleet, in the Parish of Whitgift, in the West Riding of the County of York.

109. An Act for draining, preserving, and improving certain Lands, lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (including the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill) Weston, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbech, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton, Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

110. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Calder, in the Township of Warmfield cum Heath, to or near the Town of Barnsley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, in the Township of Cawthorne, in the West Riding of the County of York; and certain Railways, and other Roads to communicate therewith.

111. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Collieries at Shipley and Westhallam, in the County of Derby, to the Erewash Canal, in the Parish of Stanton by Dale, in the said County.

112. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation, in the Parish of King's Norton, into the Borough of Stratford upon Avon; and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal.

113. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the North End of the Shropshire Canal, in the Township of Rockwardine Wood, in the County of Salop, to the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County.

114. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Ancholme, in the Parish of South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, into the Parish of Caistor, in the said County.

115. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, in the Township of Swinton, to or near the Town of Barnsley, in the Parish of Silkstone, in the West Riding of the County of York; and certain Collateral Cuts branching out of the said Canal.

116. An Act for embanking and draining certain Salt Marshes and Low Lands within the several Parishes of Spalding, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbech, and Gedney, in the County of Lincoln; and for preventing the same Marshes and Lands from being overflowed with the Sea, and for altering an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Marshes, Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Gedney and Hamlet thereof, called Gedney Fen, in the County of Lincoln.

117. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, at or near Stainforth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, and also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal to join the said River Dun, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding.

118. An Act for making effectual the Statute Labour in the Shire of Inverness; and for levying Conversion Money in lieu of Labour; and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing Highways and Bridges in the said Shire; and for improving, widening, and lighting the Streets within the Royal burgh of Inverness.

119. An Act to vary and extend the Line of the Canal authorized to be made by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Hereford to the City of Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the same to the Town of Newent, in the County of Gloucester, and to amend the said Act.

120. An Act for making effectual the Statute Labour, and for levying Conversion Money in lieu of Labour in certain cases, and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing High Roads and Bridges in the County of Caithness.

121. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal now making at or near Selly Oak, in the said County; and also certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith.

122. An Act for erecting and making a Pier and Harbour in the Cove of Trevaunance, in the Parish of Saint Agnes, in the County of Cornwall.

123. An Act for enlarging, deepening, cleansing, improving, and regulating the Harbour of Carnarvon, in the County of Carnarvon.

124. An Act for rebuilding the Tron Church of the City of Glasgow; for opening certain Streets; for removing Obstructions in the Trongate Street; for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, opposite to the Salt Market Street; for regulating the Weight and Measure of Coals, and the Mode of carrying Wood and Timber on the Streets of the said City; for enlarging the Gaol or Tolbooth there; and for selling Part of the High or Calton Green, and also the Glebe belonging to the Inner High Church, and Parish of Glasgow.

125. An Act for enlarging, deepening, cleansing, improving, and regulating, the Harbour of Amlwch, in the Isle of Anglesey.

126. An Act for amending an Act made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Blything, in the County of Suffolk, and for granting some further Powers and Provisions for carrying the same more effectually into Execution.

127. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir William Harpur Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of Charity, of the Town of Bedford; and for the better Management and Disposition of the said Estates, and the Rents and Profits thereof.

128. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Ipswich to the Scole Inn Road, and from Claydon to the Bury Saint Edmund's Road, at the End of the Bounds of the Parish of Hawleigh, and from Yaxley Bull to Eye, and from Eye to Lanthorn Green, in the County of Suffolk.

129. An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending certain Acts of the fourteenth and thirtieth Years of King George the Second, so far as relates to repairing the Road from the North End of Wakefield Bridge to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

130. An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Cambridge to a Place called Long Leys, and from the said Town of Cambridge to Royston, in the Counties of Cambridge and Essex.

131. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Uttoxeter to the Westwardly Part of Hardiwick Heath, and for setting out and making a new Road from thence to Stoke near Stone; and for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Village of Millwich to Sandon, in the County of Stafford.

132. An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, and the Road through the Parish of Bromesberrow, in the County of Gloucester, and Corse Lawn, till it joins the Road from Gloucester to Worcester.

133. An Act for opening and making a new Road from the Turnpike Road at Craig Evan Leyson, in the Parish of Lanvabon, to the Confines of the Parish of Yflradyvoduck, near Abernant, in the County of Glamorgan.

134. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Blackburn to Burscough Bridge, in the County of Lancaster.

135. An Act for continuing and amending an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Guide Post, at the West End of the Town of Hampton, over Sunbury Common, to the Town of Stains, in the County of Middlesex.

136. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bawtry, in the County of York, to East Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton to Twiford Bridge, in the said County.

137. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Bottom of Galley Mill, near the Town of Witney, to the Cross in Clanfield, in the County of Oxford.

138. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and several other Roads therein mentioned.

139. An Act for repairing and amending the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashton under Line, and Parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester.

140. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from, or nearly from, French Top, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Brookhouses, in the Parish of Glossop, in the County of Derby, and for the repairing and altering the Road leading from, or nearly from, a Close called Copley Meadow, in Stayley, to, or near to, Stayley Bridge, in the County of Chester.

141. An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newcastle under Lyne to Haffop, and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near Buxton, and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road at Cobridge to Burslem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at Shelton, in the County of Stafford; and the other passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for amending several other Roads therein described.

142. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament of the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding, so far as relates to the first District of the Roads mentioned in the said Act.

143. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Foot of a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton, commonly called Saint Mary's Bridge, to the West Side of the Toll Bar at the North End of the Town of Rockingham, in the said County.

144. An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and from the City of Bath.

143. An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Western Part of the Parish of Shenfield to Harwich and Rochford, and from Chelmsford to Ballingdon Bridge, and from Margaretting to Malden, and from Colchester to Dedham Bridge, and from Lexden to the East End of the Town of Haverill, and from High Garrett to Bulmer Tie, and from Mark's Tey to Braintree, and from Little Waltham to the End of the Parish of Great Hallingbury, and from Malden to Braintree, in the County of Essex.

146. An Act for repairing the High Road leading from Cockerton Bridge, near Darlington, in the County of Durham, to Staindrop, in the said County.

147. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Term and vary the Powers of so much of an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sutton Coldfield Common, and several other Roads therein described, in the County of Stafford, as relates to the Wolverhampton District of Roads.

148. An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from the Turnpike Road between Gateshead and Hexham, near Lobley Hill, in the Parish of Whickham, in the County of Durham, to Burtry Ford, in the Parish of Stanhope, in the same County, and a Branch from the said Road, near Bryan's Leap, in the County of Durham, to the Corbridge Turnpike Road near Blackhedley, in the County of Northumberland, and another Branch from the said Road at Wolfingham, in the County of Durham, to Crosgate, near the City of Durham.

149. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Hadley Turnpike Gate to Stifford Bridge, and from a Farm House called Tarpotts to the Town of South Benfleet, and from the Pound in the Town of Brentwood to Tilbury Fort, and from Billericay to Horndon on the Hill, and from Stanford Bridge to Purfleet in the County of Essex.

150. An Act for widening, turning, altering, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from the East Side of the Market Place in New Sleaford, to and through the Town of Anwick, in the County of Lincoln; and for making publick the Drove Road from the said Town of Anwick to Kyme Praie Grounds, and for making a Road from thence to join the present Road near North Kyme Town; and for widening, turning, altering, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from thence through the said Town of North Kyme, near Billinghay Dales, to the River Witham, and also the Road from the opposite Shore of the said River to the Town of Tattershall, in the said County of Lincoln, and for building a Bridge over the Witham, at, or near to, Tattershall Ferry.

151. An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Saint Ive's Lane, in the Town of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at the End of Bell Lane, in the Town of Cambridge.

152. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Moot Hall in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Brassington, at, or near to, a Place called The Cross in the Hand, on Hulland Ward; and also the Road from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at, or near to, a Place called The Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the County of Derby.

153. An Act for repairing, widening, diverting, and improving, the Road from Stafford to Church Bridge, and also the Road from Stafford to Uttoxeter, all in the County of Stafford; and also the Road from Stafford to Newport, in the County of Salop.

154. An Act for continuing the Term and varying the Powers of an Act of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and altering the Road from Crickhowell, in the County of Brecon, to the Cross Hands beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Road between the City of Hereford and Ross, and other Roads therein deferred, with respect to certain Parts of the Roads comprized in the said Act.

155. An Act for continuing the Terms, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating, the Powers of two Acts of Parliament, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads and Streets in and near the Town of Brewton, in the County of Somerset. therein described; and also for repairing, widening, and altering several other Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts.

156. An Act to continue the Terms of two several Acts, passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, through Fenstanton, and Cambridge, to the first Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge.

157. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of wo Acts, passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate, commonly called Sacred Gate, on the South-east Side of the Town of Hedon, in the East Riding of the County of York, through the said Town, to Hull North Bridge; and for amending the Road from the present Turnpike Bar in Wyton Holmes, through the Townships of Wyton and Sproatley, to the Guide Post in Flinton Lane, near Humbleton Moor House, in the same Riding.

158. An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for making and repairing the Road from Crieff toward Stirling and Alloa, and other Roads in the said County.

159. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Selby Ferry in the Parish of Hemingbrough, to the Town of Market Weighton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

160. An Act for completing, repairing, and maintaining, the Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Port Dundas, and from Port Dundas to the High Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Garscube Bridge, by Dobbie's Loan, in the County of Lanark.

161. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating the Powers of two Acts of Parliament, passed in the twenty-first and twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from Piercebridge to Kirk Merrington, in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudhoe Lane End, in the same County.

162. An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the North End of Marsh Lane, in Ashford, in the County of Kent, to the End of the Parish of Orlestone, near Stockbridge, in Romney Marsh, in the said County.

163. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of two Acts of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Roads from Dunglass Bridge, to the Town of Haddington, and from thence to Revenshaugh Burn, in the County of Haddington; and for making, amending, altering, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Branches of the said Roads, within the said County.

164. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual repairing, widening, and amending the Road from a Place called Earl's Kill, in Warrington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgate, in Wigan, both in the County of Lancaster.

165. An Act for making, amending, diverting, and widening the Roads leading from West Harptry to the Bath and Wells Turnpike Road at Marksbury, and from Stowey to Chew Magna, and from West Harptry to the Bath Turnpike Road at Emborow, and from West Harptry to Forecross, in the Parish of Churchill, and from West Harptry to the Blue Bowl Inn in Compton Martin, and from Herrington to the Town of Wrington, and from the Nine Elms, at North Widcombe, to Coley, in the County of Somerset.

166. An Act for making and maintaining a commodious Carriage Road from the Town of Bawtry, to the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York.

167. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Womborne to Prince's End; and from Gospel End to the Village of Over Penny and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Wolverhampton to Stourbridge; and from Chitt's Grave to or near Prince's End; and from Can Lane to the Town of Bilston, in the County of Stafford.

168. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the present Turnpike Road from Besselsleigh to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, to Leckford otherwise Sousley Water, in the County of Wilts.

169. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts of the twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from the Town of Monmouth.

170. An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the Road from Ardwick Green, near Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, to the New Bridge at the Corn Mills at Wilmslow, in the County of Chester.

171. An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the Road from Hurdlow House, through Buxton, in the County of Derby, and Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster; and also the Road from Hernestone Lane Head, and from Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel in le Frith, all in the said County of Derby, to the last mentioned Road at Whaley, in the said County of Chester.

172. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts made in the twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and to Shreyhill, and other Roads in the County of Salop; and for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Shrewsbury to Ellesmere, through Harlescott, Uffington, and Berwick, to Atcham, in the said County.

173. An Act for amending, widening, shortening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wren's Cross, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, through the West or Lower Harrietsham Street, by Harrietsham Church, and through Lenham and Charing to Barrow Hill, in Ashford, in the said County.

174. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow; and of another Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said Act; and of another Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so tar as the same relate to the Road leading from the said City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the Water of Kelvin, called The Milnford of Garscube.

175. An Act for more effectually amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the City of Worcester, through Droitwich, to Spadesbourne Bridge, within the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester; and other Roads therein mentioned.

176. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and render more effectual two Acts, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough to Lougborough, in the County of Leicester; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road branching out of the aforesaid Road at a Place called Filling Gate, to a Road called The Foss Road; and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Melton Mowbray to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester.

177. An Act for repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Belter, to Duffield, in the said County.

178. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the forty-eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Cardington, in the present Turnpike Road between Hitchin and Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge, and for continuing a Road from thence to the Great Northern Ready near Temsford Bridge, in the County of Bedford.

179. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, of the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Wakefield to the Town of Abberford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

180. An Act for amending, widening, and repairing the Road from Clay Hill, in the Turnpike Road between Neat Enstone and Chipping Norton, in the County of Oxford, over Heyford Bridge, to the Water Lane, in the Town of Bicester, in the said County; and from Bicester aforesaid to the Turnpike Road in Weston on the Green, in the said County.

181. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain Places called The Broad Oak in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, and also the Road from a Place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence, through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End; and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

182. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Odiham to Alton, in the County of Southampton.

183. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual so much of three Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Seven Oaks, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the County of Kent, and to Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, as relates to the Road leading from Seven Oaks Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the said County of Kent; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Tunbridge Wells to Woodsgate aforesaid.

184. An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Penistone Bridge, in the County of York, to Grindleford Bridge, in the County of Derby; and the Roads severally leading from Bamford Woodgate over Yorkshire Bridge, to the Guide Post on Thornhill Moor, to or near the eighth Mile Stone on Hathersage Moor, and to the Tillage of Darwent, in the said County of Derby.

185. An Act for repairing and widening that Part of the Road, leading from Kelso towards the Town of Selkirk, which lies to the Eastward of the Turnpike Road leading from Jedburgh to Lauder, which erodes the River Tivot, near to the Town of Kelso, and the Road leading from Kelso towards Coldstream, to the Place where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Greenlaw to Coldstream, and from Kelso, through Ednam, to Orange Lane, in the Parish of Eccles, in the County of Berwick, and from the Ford at Newton Mill, through Ednam, to Edenfoot, and from Kelso to Cornhill, in the County of Durham.

PRIVATE ACTS,

Anno 33 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to enable Richard Johnstone Vanden Bempde Esquire, (lately called Richard Bempde Johnstone) and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Vanden Bempde only, pursuant to the Will of John Vanden Bempde Esquire, deceased.

2. An Act for naturalizing Peter Peterson Hansen and Otto Hinrick Hansen.

3. An Act for naturalizing John William Fisher.

4. An Act for vesting certain Estates of Robert Ladbroke Esquire, in the Counties of Warwick and Northampton, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now stand limited.

5. An Act for naturalizing John James Vallotton.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Risely, in the County of Bedford.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Dunsley Moor, within the Township of Newholm cum Dunsley, in the Parish of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Heath, Common Pasture, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Dunston, in the County of Lincoln.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Hamlets of South Milforth and Lumly, in the Parish of Sherburn, in the West Riding of the County of York.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wadenhoe, in the County of Northampton.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Graveships of Wakefield, Stanley, Wrenthorpe, Alverthorpe, and Thornes, in the Parish of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

12. An Act for the better ordering and regulating the Manner of feeding, using, cultivating, and enjoying several Commonable and Waste Grounds, lying in Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for obliging the Occupiers of certain Parts of the said Grounds to fence the same, and for holding, in Severalty, for ever, certain Parts or Lots, being Part of the said Grounds, called The Acre Fen, and Little Ferry Burrows, in the said Parish of Chatteris.

13. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Moor or Common within the Manor of Milton, in the Parish of Kewstoke, in the County of Somerset.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Ings, Marshes, and Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds within the Lordship of Barton upon Humber, in the County of Lincoln.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Granby and Sutton, in the Parish of Granby and Sutton, in the County of Nottingham.

16. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Alexander Stewart Esquire, with Elizabeth Leigh his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

17. An Act to enable John Butcher Esquire, and his Issue, to use the Surname and Arms of Rodbard, pursuant to the Will of Henry Rodbard Esquire.

18. An Act for naturalizing Charles Francis Dumergue and Charles John Joli Dumergue.

19. An Act for naturalizing Peter Lewis Robin.

20. An Act for naturalizing Francois Morey, Philip Colomb, Louys Gruaz, and John Amick.

21. An Act for naturalizing Henry Engell.

22. An Act for establishing and confirming certain Articles of Agreement entered into between the Duke of Marlborough and Lincoln College, Oxford.

23. An Act for vesting the Navigation of the River Avon, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester, and certain other Estates in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, late the Property of George Perrott Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and the Monies arising thereby to be applied in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as those directed to be sold by this Act are now settled.

24. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Heath Grounds, within the Parish of Normanton, in the County of Rutland.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Townships of Moreton and WiU bright on, otherwise Wilberton, in the Parish of Gnosall, in the County of Stafford.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the several Parishes of Covenham Saint Bartholomew and Covenham Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Stoke Lyne and Fewcott, in the Parish of Stoke Lyne, in the County of Oxford.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Township, Liberty, and Precincts of Little Barford, otherwise Barford Saint John, in the Parish of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dunstew, in the County of Oxford.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Old Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Marham, in the County of Norfolk.

31. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert, in Wells, in the County of Somerset.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Castlethorpe, in the County of Buckingham.

33. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Stiffkey and Morston, in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheep Walk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes.

34. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Street Gentleman, with Lucy Duncumb, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An Act for naturalizing John Anthony Wiss, and John Isaac Charretie.

36. An Act for naturalizing Emanuel Muller and John Rapp.

37. An Act for naturalizing Peter Benezech.

38. An Act for naturalizing William Herschel.

39. An Act for naturalizing Carsten Anderson.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Waste Ground called Lightwood, within the Township of Normacott, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Milton Bryant, in the County of Bedford.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Greetham, in the County of Lincoln.

43. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Durnford, in the County of Wills.

44. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, five Open Common Fields, commonly called Shiffnal Town Field, otherwise Pool Field, otherwise Drayton Field, the Wyke Field, the Church Field, otherwise Houghton Field, Houghton Middle Field, otherwise Patnal Field, and the Upper Field, otherwise Nedge Field, in the Parish of Idsal, otherwise Shiffnal, in the County of Salop.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Arable, Meadow, Ley Pasture, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Township of Burcester-King's-End, otherwise Bicester-King's-End, in the Parish of Burcester, otherwise Bicester, in the County of Oxford.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Hamlet of Aston Upthorpe, in the Parish of Blewbury, in the County of Berks.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Kirton in Linsey, in the County of Lincoln.

48. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Francis Glanville Esquire, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

49. An Act to disunite the Rectories of Gimingham and Trunch, in the County of Norfolk, and Diocese of Norwich.

50. An Act to impower William Churchill Dickenson Esquire, to grant Building Leases, Renewable Leases, and make Conveyances in Fee, of and upon all or any Part of the Estates at Chorlton Row, devised by the Will of John Dickenson Esquire, deceased, situate near the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

51. An Act to enable John Gurtside Esquire, to grant and convey the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, for building upon reserving Rents, or to make Building Leases, of any Part of his settled Estate in Little Bolton, in the County of Lancaster.

52. An Act to enable Mary Greene Widow, and James Greene Esquire her Son, and the Survivor of them, to grant and convey in Fee Farm, for the Purposes of Building, or to make Building Leases, for any Term of Years, of Messuages and Lands at Droysden, Failsworth, and Newton, in the County of Lancaster.

53. An Act to enable the Lord Bishop of Ely to sell the Castle of Wisbech Saint Peter's, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and the Gardens and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and for applying the Money to arise from such Sale in Manner therein mentioned.

54. An Act for vesting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of Part of the settled Estates of John Newnham Esquire, in John Trayton Fuller Esquire.

55. An Act for vesting certain Estates in Wiltshire, Somersetshire, and Gloucestershire, in Trustees, to the Uses of the Will of Jacob Knight Esquire, deceased, in lieu of an Estate in Worcestershire, limited to such Uses by the said Will, and for vesting the Estate in Worcestershire in Warren Hastings Esquire, in Fee Simple.

56. An Act for enabling the Trustees of Henry Smith Esquire, deceased, to accept a Grant of a Rent Charge or clear Annual Payment or Sum of twenty Pounds, to be charged upon, and paid and payable at Michaelmas in every Year by, and out of, a Messuage, Farm, and Lands, of the Right Honourable Jeffery Lord Amherst, in the Parish of Horley, in the County of Surrey, in Exchange for several Pieces or Parcels of Land situate, lying, and being, in Sevenoaks, in the County of Kent, inclosed from the Waste of the Manors of Sevenoaks and Knowle, or one of them, and to convey the said several Pieces or Parcels of Land to the said Jeffery Lord Amherst, and his Heirs, accordingly.

57. An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to grant Building Leases to Mr. Francis Hurlhatt.

58. An Act to enable John Trafford Esquire, and other Persons after his Death, to grant Leases of the Estates devised by the Will of the late Humphrey Trafford Esquire, situate in the Counties of Lancaster and Chejhr. for building, and also to grant Leases of certain Waste Moss Lands in the said Counties, other Parts of the said devised Estates.

59. An Act for Sale of a Leasehold Estate, late of John Blackburne Esquire, deceased, and of a Freehold and Leasehold Estate, late of Richard Kent Esquire, deceased, and for the Application of the respective Purchase Monies.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, in the Parish of Shotteswell, in the County of Warwick.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Armley, in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

62. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Thorngrafton Common, and also certain Common fields or Dales and Pieces of Land, within the Township of Thorngrafton, all within the Barony or Manor of Wark, and in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the County of Northumberland.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Langley South Common, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Grindon Common, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, and other uninclosed Lands, within the Manor or Manors of Allington, in the County of Lincoln.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Aldsworth, in the County of Gloucester.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Orston and Thoroton, in the Parish of Orston, in the County of Nottingham.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Maisemore, in the County of Gloucester, (except a certain Meadow called Maisemore Ham,) and for rendering all the Lands and Tenements within the said Parish wholly exempt and discharged from Tythe, and all Modus and Composition for Tythe, by allotting Lands in lieu thereof.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons, Heaths, and Marsh and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Cobham, otherwise Coveham, in the Parish of Cobham, in the County of Surrey.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing Part of the Moors and Wastes within the Manor of Masham and Mashamshire, in the North Riding of the County of York.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Town, Manor, or Lordship of Weaverham, in the County of Chester.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Hamlet and Liberties of Little Tew, in the County of Oxford.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Salt Marshes, Droves, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Moulton, in the County of Lincoln.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Hamlet and Liberties of Milcomb, in the County of Oxford.

75. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Martin Esquire, with Elizabeth Vesey his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

76. An Act for naturalizing Frederic Cyriac Zernitz.

77. An Act for naturalizing David Berguer.

78. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Gottlieb Boccius.

79. An Act for impowering the Committees, or Committee, for the Time being, of the Estate of the Most Noble Anna Eliza Duchess of Chandos, a Lunatic, to make Leases of her Estate during her Lunacy, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

80. An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division between William Thomas Darby Esquire, and Saint Andrew Saint John Esquire, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, (heretofore the Estate of Richard Jackson Esquire, deceased,) in the several Counties of Norfolk, Essex, Surrey, Middlesex, and the City of London, and for limiting and settling the specifick Parts thereof, which, upon such Partition and Division, were allotted to each of them, to the several Uses therein mentioned.

81. An Act to enable Sir Henry Bridgeman Baronet, and, after his Death, other Persons, to grant Building Leases of his settled Estates at or near Bolton in Lee Moores, in the County of Lancaster, for long Terms of Years.

82. An Act to enable James Lever, of Hindley, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, to make Grants in Fee, and also to grant Building Leases of certain Estates in the Township of Bolton le Moors, in the said County.

83. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parish of Willoughby on the Woulds, in the County of Nottingham.

84. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish or Lordship of Queneborough, in the County of Leicester.

85. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlet of Taddington and Priestcliff, in the Parish of Blakewell, and County of Derby.

86. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Brown Esquire, with Susannah Sulley, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

87. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend Calverley John Bewicke Clerk, with Mary Elizabeth, otherwise Mary Eliza Vaughan his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

88. An Act for enabling Richard William Howard Vyse, an Infant Trustee, to join in making an Exchange of Part of the Estate of the Most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk with Francis Ferrand Foljambe Esquire,

89. An Act for dividing, inclosing, stinting, regulating, and otherwise improving, certain Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Brotherton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

90. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Liberty of Swindon, in the Parish of Womborne, in the County of Stafford.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds and Ings, or Meadow Grounds, within the Township of Knottingley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

92. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Common and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Llanferres, in the County of Denbigh, and Kilken, in the County of Flint.

93. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Town and Lordship of Frodsham, and the Township of Helsby, in the Parish of Frodsham, in the County of Chester.

94. An Act for naturalizing Bartholomew Valle.

95. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of Lincoln and Richard Ellison Esquire.

96. An Act to enable Sarah Heaton Widow, Mother and Guardian of John Heaton a Minor, to grant Building Leases, during his Minority, of Ground in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex.

97. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Lands, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of Specton, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York.

98. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of Southburn, in the Parish of Kirkburn, in the East Riding of the County of York.

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common called Thirsk West Moor, and Calton and Sandbutton Commons, in the Parish of Thirsk, in the North Riding of the County of York, and several Parcels of Moor or Common Land, being Part of Bagby High Moor, lying within the several Townships of Thirsk, Bagby, and Balk, in the said Riding.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Slawston, in the County of Leicester.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and a certain Moor or Common called Thornborough Moor, within the Parish of West Tanfield, in the North Riding of the County of York.

102. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Uninclosed Fields, and Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of Skidby, in the Parish of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York.

103. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Carrs, within the several Townships of Hollym and Withernsea, in the Parish of Hollym, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and also of the Tythes of the ancient inclosed Lands in the said Townships.

104. An Act for naturalizing Gotlieb Augustus Treijer.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

1. AN Act for raising the Sum of eleven Millions by way of Annuities.

2. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, brewed or made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England.

3. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain.

4. An Act for making perpetual certain Duties on Foreign Spirits, and on Sugar, imported into Great Britain.

5. An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

6. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

7. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

8. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

9. An Act for preventing Money or Effects in the Hands of his Majesty's Subjects, belonging to or disposable by Persons resident in France, being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France; and for preserving the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof.

10. An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail.

11. An Act for repealing the Duties on the Registry of Burials, Births, Marriages, and Christenings.

12. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

13. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

14. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned.

15. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in or imported into Great Britain.

16. An Act for augmenting the Militia.

17. An Act for regulating the Portage and Conveyance of Letters by the Carriage called The Penny Post.

18. An Act for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and within those Islands.

19. An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company.

20. An Act for repealing the Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

21. An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy and Victualling Bills; and for providing for the regular Payment of all Navy and Victualling Bills that shall be issued in future.

22. An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery to complete their full Number of Men, at certain Ports, for a limited Time.

23. An Act for amending and making perpetual an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time.

24. An Act for making certain Navigable Cuts from the Towns of Buckingham, Aylesbury, and Wendover, in the County of Buckingham, to communicate with the Grand Junction Navigation, authorized to be made by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; and for amending the said Act.

25. An Act for extending the Wyrley and Essington Canal.

26. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-Lyne and Oldham in the County Palatine of Lancaster, at the intended Aqueduct Bridge in Dukinfield in the County of Chester, to or near to Chapel Milton in the County of Derby; and a Communication by Rail Ways or Stone Roads from thence to Load's Knowl, within Peak Forest in the said County of Derby; and a Branch from and out of the said intended Canal to Whaley Bridge in the said County of Chester.

27. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into or made in Great Britain.

28. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

29. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

30. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

31. An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily inrol themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War.

32. An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Stamp Duty, to stamp Bills of Exchange and Notes in certain Cases.

33. An Act for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on Distilleries, and on Licences granted to Distillers, in Scotland: and for appropriating the said Duties.

34. An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution an Order of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, respecting the Exportation of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; for preventing Suits in consequence of the same; for authorizing his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, or carrying Coastwise, of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; and for making further Provisions relative thereto.

35. An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

36. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clark's Hydrometer.

37. An Act for altering an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making the Rivers Mercy and Irwell navigable from Liverpool to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, by incorporating the Proprietors of the said Navigation; and to declare their respective Shares therein to be Personal Estate.

38. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal out of and from the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, now cutting, or intended to be cut, in the Parish of Budbrooke, in the County of Warwick, into the Oxford Canal, in the Parish of Braunston, in the County of Northampton.

39. An Act for making a Navigable Canal from or near Porthywain Lime Rocks in the Parish of Llanyblodwell in the County of Salop, to or near Newtown in the County of Montgomery; and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said Canal.

40. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

41. An Act to empower the East India Company to continue a Bond Debt of two Millions, and to increase the same by a further Sum, as Circumstances may require.

42. An Act for granting to Foreign Ships put under his Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies surrendered to his Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors; and for repealing an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and also so much of an Act passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty as amends the said Act.

43. An Act to enable Subjects of France to enlist as Soldiers in Regiments to serve on the Continent of Europe, and in certain other Places; and to enable his Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of France to serve and receive Pay as Officers in such Regiments, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions.

44. An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; and to revive and continue so much of two Acts made in the tenth and sixteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland.

45. An Act to enable his Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature in Norfolk Island.

46. An Act for taking of Special Bail in Actions and Suits depending in the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

47. An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England;" and also an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia.

48. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

49. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

50. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as directs that no Cambric or Lawn shall be imported from Ireland, until the Importation of Cambrics and French Lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by Law; to allow the Importation of Cambrics and French Lawns from the Austrian Netherlands, for a limited Time for making more effectual an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for preventing the fraudulent relanding of Tobacco shipped for Exportation.

51. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties of Customs, on Slate, Stone, and Marble.

52. An Act for paving, and otherwise improving, the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon.

53. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Canal of Sir John Ramsden Baronet, at or near the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton under Line and Oldham, at or near the Town of Ashton under Line aforesaid, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

54. An Act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

55. An Act for saving to his Majesty the Duty of new Subsidy on Tobacco imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

56. An Act for extending the Time limited by an Act of this Session for delivering in Navy and Victualling Bills.

57. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

58. An Act to prevent the Removal of Suits from the Inferior Courts in the County Palatine of Lancaster, into the Court of Common Pleas of the said County Palatine.

59. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for better examining and auditing the Publick Accounts of the Board of Ordnance, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Commissioners for Victualling the Navy, and the Commissioners of Sick and Hurt.

60. An Act to continue so much of several Laws, respecting the Transportation and Imprisonment of Offenders, as relates to the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement.

61. An Act for the better Observation of the Lord's Day, by Persons exercising the Trade of Bakers.

62. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of two millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

63. An Act for allowing the Exercise of an Invention of a new Method of Tanning Hides and Skins.

64. An Act for the more effectually repairing of such Parts of the Highways of this Kingdom as are to be repaired by two Parishes.

65. An Act for better regulating and governing the Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the River of Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor.

66. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys Esquire, in Trust for the late Right Honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will be necessary to resort to the Mortgaged Premises, in order to recover the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby to his Majesty.

67. An Act for vesting in John Wilkinson Esquire, in Trust for the Assignees of Joseph Freeman and Thomas Grace, a Messuage and other Hereditaments, in Saint James's Square, purchased by the said Joseph Freeman of Matthias de Gandasequi, an Alien; and for discharging the same from the Right of the Crown, in respect of the Alienage.

68. An Act for the further Encouragement of British Mariners; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

69. An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors.

70. An Act to exempt Ships of War, and Private Ships or Vessels of War, taken as Prize, from Payment of Duty.

71. An Act for supplying such of the French Islands, as may be in his Majesty's Possession, with the several Sorts of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit, necessary for the Maintenance of the Inhabitants of the said Islands.

72. An Act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Stamp Duties to stamp the Paper used for printing Newspapers thereon, in Sheets of Single Demy Paper instead of Sheets of Double Demy Paper.

73. An Act for directing the Appointment of Commissioners, to administer certain Oaths and Declarations required by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

74. An Act for varying some of the Provisions in an Act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Publick Highways, within that Part of Great Britain called England, which relate to the Performance of Statute Duty.

75. An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents.

76. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trustees, for the better securing his Majesty's Batteries, and other Works, in the Counties of Kent and Devon.

77. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or nearly from Bury Bridge, in the Parish of Bury, by Haslingden, to or nearly to Church Kirk, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

78. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Calder Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also certain Cuts from the said intended Canal.

79. An Act for more effectually preserving Money or Effects, in the Hands of his Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons resident in France, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof.

80. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

81. An Act for amending so much of an Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, as relates to the Militia of the City of London; and for the better ordering the same.

82. An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

83. An Act to explain so much of an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, as relates to the Time of presenting certain renewed Petitions, and taking the same into Consideration.

84. An Act for erecting a Penitentiary House or Houses for confining and employing Convicts.

85. An Act to remove certain Difficulties in the Execution of the Powers vested in the Commissioners appointed by two Acts, passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the River Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, so far as the same relate to the Navigation between Peterborough and Thrapston Bridge.

86. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with certain Rail Ways and Stone Roads, from several Collieries, in the County of Somerset, to communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon Canal, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts.

87. An Act for extending and improving the Birmingham Canal Navigations.

88. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Alkmond, in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

89. An Act for paving the Footways in the Town of Abingdon in the County of Berks; for better cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town; for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and for otherwise improving the said Town.

90. An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the River Kennety at or near the town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described.

91. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of two Acts made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or a sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold within the Town of Borrowstounness, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow; and for extending the same over the Parish of Borrowstounness; for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

92. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Wisbech River, at or near a Place called the Old Sluice, in the Town of Wisbech in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, to join the River Nene in the Parish of Outwell, in the said Isle of Ely, and in the County of Norfolk, and for improving and maintaining the Navigation of the said River from Outwell Church to Salters Load Sluice.

93. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal, at or near Marston Bridge, in the Parish of Bedworth, in the County of Warwick, to a certain Close in the Parish of Ashby de la Zouch in the County of Leicester, and for continuing the same from thence in one Line to the Limeworks at Ticknall in the County of Derby, and in another Line to the Limeworks at Cloudhill in the said County of Leicester, with certain Cuts or Branches from the said Canal.

94. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to complete the said Navigation, and to vary the Line thereof, and to raise a further Sum of Money for those Purposes; and for making a Navigable Branch, therein described, from the intended new Line of the said Canal.

95. An Act to alter and amend an Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Trent; and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said River, in the Parish of Beeston, to join the Nottingham Canal, in the Parish of Lenton, in the County of Nottingham, and also certain Cuts on the Side of the said River.

96. An Act for paying, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other publick Passages and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces of Ground in the Parishes of Saint Pancras, Saint George the Martyr, and Saint George Bloomsbury, or some or one of them, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, commonly called The Foundling Hospital.

97. An Act for building a new Shire Hall for the County of Stafford.

98. An Act for the better Relief, Regulation, and Employment of the Poor, within the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford.

99. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving, and maintaining the Harbour of Ayr; for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers; for erecting Docks, Breasts, Jettees, and Piers; and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels trading into and going out of the said Harbour; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

100. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, and for regulating the Statute Labour within the same; and for repairing several other Roads in the said County, and for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, near Finhaven.

101. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant in Fee Simple, certain Estates vested in him by reason of the Attainders of the Persons therein named, to the Descendants of such attainted Persons.

102. An Act for improving the Outfal of the River Welland, in the County of Lincoln, and for the better Drainage of the Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Marshes, discharging their Waters through the same into the Sea; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Welland by means of a new Cut, to commence below a certain Place called The Reservoir, and to be carried from thence through the enclosed Marshes, and open Salt Marshes, into Wyberton Roads, between the Port of Boston and a Place called the Scalp; and for disposing of the Bare or White Sands adjoining to the said River; and for building a Bridge over the said Cut.

103. An Act for amending and altering certain Acts of Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford.

104. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Town of Cambridge, for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages within the said Town.

105. An Act for building a new Bridge over the River Parrett, within the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing, maintaining, and extending the Quays in the Port of Bridgewater aforesaid; for abolishing the ancient and accustomed Duties, and for imposing certain new Duties at the Port of Bridgewater aforesaid instead thereof; for regulating the Moorings and Stations of Ships and Vessels in the said Port; and for imposing a certain Toll on Horses, Carriages, and Cattle.

106. An Act for paving, and otherwise improving, the Town of Abergavenny, and the Limits thereof, in the County of Monmouth.

107. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, in the County of Stafford, and for enlarging the Cemetery or Burial Ground belonging thereto.

108. An Act for regulating the Manner of stocking and using the Marsh Common, otherwise Salt Marsh, in the Parish of Almondsbury, in the County of Gloucester.

109. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Swansea in the County of Glamorgan, into the Parish of Ystradgunlais in the County of Brecon.

110. An Act for embanking, and otherwise fencing from the Sea, the Lands on the Sea Coasts of the Parish of Abergele in the County of Denbigh, and Rhydlan Marsh, in the several Parishes of Abergele aforesaid, and of Saint Asaph and Rhydlan, and the Franchise of Rhydlan in the County of Flint, and sundry other Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the said Parish of Rhydlan, and in the several Parishes of Diserth and Meliden in the said County of Flint; and to cut and make in or through the same, or some Part thereof, one or more Aqueducts, or other Watercourses and Drains; and to enclose, divide, and sell, competent Parts of the said several Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, to defray the Expences of the said Works; and to raise a Fund for the future Repair and Preservation thereof.

111. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish of Saint Stephen in the City of Bristol, for the Time being, and the Feoffees of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments belonging to the same Parish, to sell and re-convey to the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, a certain Plot of Ground, situate within and belonging to the said Parish; and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale, and certain other Monies, to the Purposes of an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making commodious Ways and Passages within the Parish of Saint Stephen in the City of Bristol, and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish.

112. An Act for better regulating the Harbour of Dover in the County of Kent.

113. An Act to enable the Trustees for the Care of the Road through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, to purchase certain Buildings and Hereditaments for the Purpose of making a new Road at the Entrance into the Town of Saint Alban.

114. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Norwich to Aylsham in the County of Norfolk, and a certain Part of the Road leading from the said Road towards Holt, in the said County.

115. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of three Acts, passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the tenth and twenty-eighth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Birmingham in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County.

116. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Warwick Road, near Solihull, to the Guide Post in Kenilworth, and from Stone Bridge to meet the aforesaid Road on Balsall Common in the County of Warwick.

117. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, so far as relates to the Dudley District of the said Roads; and for amending certain other Roads in the County of Stafford.

118. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts of the twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Northallerton to the South Wall of the Church Yard of the Town of Thirsk, and from the South-east End of the street called Finkell-street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the Town of Easingwold in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone, near the City of York, and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid, to Topcliffe in the North Riding of the County of York.

119. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts of the twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, and the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Kington in the County of Hereford, and other Roads within the said County; and also for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain other Roads within the said County, adjoining, or lying near to the Roads comprised in the said Acts.

120. An Act for amending and repairing the Roads from a Place called Scaddow Gate in the Parish of Ticknall, to the Burton upon Trent and Ashby de la Zouch Turnpike Road, at or near a Place called The Wooden Box, and certain other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester.

121. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of three several Acts, passed in the twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the amending and widening of the Road from Harrowgate, through Risley and Ripon, to the North-east Corner of Hutton Moor, and from the East End of Kirby Hill Moor, to the Town of Ripon aforesaid.

122. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County; and also, from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called The Maidenhead, at Orleton in the County of Hereford.

123. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike or Side Gate, in the Parish of Ashford Bowdler, to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, in the said County; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Craven Arms, in the Parish of Stanton Lacy, to Bowden, in the said County.

124. An Act for amending, widening, altering, diverting, and improving the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, to a Place called Edenfield, in the Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

125. An Act for altering, repairing, and widening the Road from Burtry Ford in the County of Durham, to Alston in the County of Cumberland, and from Alston aforesaid, by the Dyke, to Burnstones in the County of Northumberland.

126. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Martin Stamford Baron to Kettering, and from Oundle to Middleton Lane, in the Parish or Hamlet of Middleton in the County of Northampton.

127. An Act for continuing the Term of so much of an Act of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty as relates to the Road from Carter's Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge, to The Forty Feet Bridge, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon.

128. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair the Road from Dunchurch to Southam, in the County of Warwick.

129. An Act for repairing the Road from Stirling to Dumbarton, and several other Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth.

130. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of two Acts made in the twentieth and thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road leading from the North End of the Cow Cawsey near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the Town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton Burn in the County of Northumberland.

131. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road in the said County, and for lighting, watching, and watering the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits.

132. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road between The Bear Inn in Reading, and Puntfield in the County of Berks, and several other Roads in the said County.

133. An Act for amending, widening, altering, improving and keeping in Repair the Road from Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, to Ivetsey Bank, in the Parish of Blimhill, in the said County.

134. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the Roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through Bowling and Wibsey, to Halifax, and also the Roads called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, in the West Riding of the County of York.

135. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Town of Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester, to the several Places therein mentioned, being the first District of Roads described in two Acts of Parliament, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and for altering the Course of Part of the said Roads; and also for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Simmond's Ford Brook to the Turnpike Road leading to Evesham in the County of Worcester, at or near Beckford Inn, in the said County of Gloucester, and from Gotherington to the Turnpike Road leading from Cheltenham to Stow on the Wold, at or near Sireford Inn, in the said County of Gloucester, and from Stump Cross, in the Parish of Didbrook, to the Town of Stow on the Wold, in the County of Gloucester aforesaid.

136. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, so far as relates to the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley in the County of Worcester, and for making a more commodious Road near the Town of Dudley.

137. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Black Grove, in the Parish of Rawreth, over Battle's Bridge, to the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex.

138. An Act for making and repairing several Roads leading across the County of Stirling.

139. An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmannan and Perth.

140. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Terms of two Acts made in the twenty sixth and twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to The Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorballs to the Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Counties of Lanerk and Renfrew, so far as respects the Road from the Toll House in Paisley Lane, at the West Side of the Entry to the New Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Parkhouse, to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew, and from Parkhouse to The Three Mile House in the County of Lanerk; and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Roads.

141. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads from Aldermaston in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke, and from Aldermaston aforesaid to the Turnpike Road from Basingstoke to Andover, at or mar Worting, and to the Turnpike Road leading to Winchester, at Popham Lane in the County of Southampton.

142. An Act to continue the Term, and to reduce into one Act the Powers, of four several Acts, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the ninth and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Beaconfield in the County of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch in the County of Oxford.

143. An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Lyre Bridge, through Long town to the Scotch Dyke, and from Longtown to the Bridge over the River of Sark in the County of Cumberland.

PRIVATE ACTS

Anno 34 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for naturalizing Martin Walther Persent.

2. An Act for naturalizing Augustus William Bodecker.

3. An Act for inclosing and otherwise improving certain Lands and Grounds within the Lordship and Township of Warter in the East Riding of the County of York.

4. An Act for naturalizing Gerard Hullman and William Rudolf.

5. An Act for naturalizing Elias Heintz.

6. An Act for naturalizing George Benjoin.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Shelton in the County of Bedford.

8. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Little Dunham in the County of Norfolk.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands lying and being within the Parishes of Chapple Allerton, Biddisham, and Wear in the County of Somerset.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands in the Manor and Parish of Shilton in the County of Berks.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Clayton-le-Moors, within the parish of Whally, in the Hundred of Blackburn in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

12. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands lying and being in the Parishes of Pilton and North Wotton in the County of Somerset.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, Marshes, and Waste Lands within the Manors of Preston and Sutton Pointz in the County of Dorset; and for extinguishing all Right of Common upon certain inclosed Lands within the said Manors.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Compton in the County of Gloucester.

15. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands called Little Mark Moor and Summer Leaze, and all the other Open, Common, or Waste Lands in the Manor of East Mark, within the Parish of Mark in the County of Somerset.

16. An Act for naturalizing John Bergne.

17. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Tolkien.

18. An Act for naturalizing Christopher Brunswick.

19. An Act for naturalizing Hieronimus Heinrich Zobell, commonly called Hieronimus Henry Zobell.

20. An Act for naturalizing James Maze.

21. An Act for vesting the Estate at Little Woodhouse in the County of York, devised by the Will of Jeremiah Harrison Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to Vest the same, and apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds in Winwick in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton.

23. An Act for naturalizing Peter Rilliet.

24. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Dean and Canons of Windsor and Therms Stoner Esquire.

25. An Act for vesting the Settled Estate of Thomas Walsingham Western Clerk, in the County of Sussex, in him and his Heirs, and for settling an Estate of greater Value in the County of Essex in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same.

26. An Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of James Peachey Esquire, in the County of Hereford, in Trustees, to sell or exchange the same, and for Lying out the Money, arising by such Sale or Exchange, in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will.

27. An Act for amending an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing and regulating a Charity, called Foxley Charity in the County of Northampton, founded by Lady Katherine Leveson.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Longborough in the County of Gloucester.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Foil Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Tuddenham in the County of Suffolk.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Heath Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Lordship and Parish of Empingham in the County of Rutland.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Tract of Common or Waste Land, Part of the Forest of Mendip, lying within the Manor and Parish of East Harptry in the County of Somerset.

32. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Open Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands within the several Manors of Keevil, Idmaston, Fittleton, and Chisenbury de la Folly, in the County of Wilts.

33. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands lying and being within the Manor and Parish of East Brent in the County of Somerset.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places within the Parish of Quarley in the County of Southampton.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Arabic Fields, and a Common Meadow, within the Manor and Parish of Tintinhull in the County of Somerset.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Town Fields within the Manor and Township of Crawcrook, in the Parish of Ryton in the County Palatine of Durham.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common Grounds within the Lordship or Liberty of Diseworth in the County of Leicester.

38. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Township of Hoyland, in the Parish of Wath upon Hern in the West Riding of the County of York.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land within the Parish and Manor of Chester in the County Palatine of Durham.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Long Bennington and Foston in the County of Lincoln.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands, called Claife Heights, or Claife Commons, except a certain Plot of Land, called The Heald, within the Township or Division of Claife, in the Parish of Hawkshead in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, a Stinted Pasture, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of East Camell, otherwise Queen Camell, in the County of Somerset.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands and Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Wendover in the County of Buckingham.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Township of Skelton, in the Canon, Fee, Manor, and Parish of Ripen in the West Riding of the County of York.

45. An Act to enable Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Baronet, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of Evelyn.

46. An Act to enable Mary Webster Widow, and others, to grant building and repairing Leases of the Estates devised to them by Edward Webster Esquire, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

47. An Act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old Malton in the North Riding of the County of York.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands in the Parish of Burford in the County of Oxford.

49. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Carr Lands, Furze Leas, Waste Lands, and other Lands in the Parishes of Saint Mary South Kelsey and Saint Nicholas South Kelsey, within the Manor or Lordship of South Kelsey in the County of Lincoln, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common and Sheep Walks in and over the same.

50. An Act for dividing, allotting, exchanging, and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Open Field Lands, Commonable Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parish of Thornham in the County of Norfolk.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes within the Township of Tilthorpe, in the Parish of Kirkbourn in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

52. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Commonable Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the several Tithings of Roundway, Bedborough, Chittoe, and Bishop< Cannings, and in the Parish of Marden in the County of Wilts.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures or Commons within the Township of Walkington in the East Riding of the County of York.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Broughton in the County of Huntingdon.

55. An Act to enable Thomas Brereton Esquire, and Mary his Wife, and her first and other Sons and their Issue Male, and her Daughter, if she shall have only one, and the issue of such Daughter, to take, use, and bear the Name and Arms of Westfailing, pursuant to the Will of Herbert Westfailing Esquire, deceased.

56. An Act to confirm and establish an Award made between the Right Reverend Father in God Spencer Lord Bishop of Peterborough, and the Coheirs of William Ash Esquire, deceased, and other Persons entitled to, and interested in, the several Freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold Estate, late of the said William Ash, situate and being in Paston, Gunthorpe, and Peterborough in the County of Northampton, (the Leasehold Parts whereof are Parts of the Possessions of or belonging to the See of Peterborough, and the of Parts thereof are held of Manors also belonging to the same See,) in order to divide, ascertain, and determine the respective Parts of the said Estates, and the Boundaries thereof, and to distinguish the Leasehold and of from the Freehold Parts of the same Estates, late of the said William Ash deceased.

57. An Act to carry into Execution certain Articles of Agreement entered into between Christopher, late Lord Bishop of Bristol, and Messieurs Benjamin Gott and Harry Wormald, and also to enable the Devisees in the Will of the said late Lord Bishop to renew Building Leases of Parts of his Estate in the Parish of Leeds in the County of York, in Performance of Covenants contained in such Leases, and to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the same Estate, with like Covenants for Renewal.

58. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estate of William Willson Esquire, and Bridget his Wife, in Trustees, to be conveyed to John Lambton Esquire, on Payment of the Sum of three thousand one hundred and forty-two Pounds seventeen Shillings and Two Pence, and for laying out the same Sum in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

59. An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will of Bernard Brocas Esquire, and for applying and laying out the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

60. An Act to empower the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, Governors of Emanuel Hospital in or near Westminster, to extend and increase the Objects of that Charity.

61. An Act for empowering Trustees to convey to Sir Joseph Banks Baronet, a Part of the Settled Estates of Elisha Biscoe Esquire, pursuant to his Contract for the Purchase thereof, and to sell or exchange other Parts of the said Settled Estates, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sales in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled, as well as those taken in Exchange, to the Uses of the Estates that shall be so sold or exchanged.

62. An Act for establishing and confirming certain Articles of Agreement for an Exchange between the Principal and Scholars of the King's Hall and College of Brazen Nose in Oxford, and Edward Loveden Loveden of Buscot Park in the County of Berks, Esquire.

63. An Act to enable Trustees to sell and dispose of certain Leasehold Messuages and Premises, situate in the Parish of Saint Ann Westminster, devised by the Will of Lumley Arnold Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Monies to arise thereby in the Purchase of Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, as nearly as may be, upon the same Trusts as by the said Will are declared of and concerning the said Leasehold Premises.

64. An Act to enable Saint Andrew Saint John Esquire, and, after his Death, other Persons, to grant Leases of his Estate in the Parish of Saint John Wapping, in the County of Middlesex.

65. An Act for uniting the Rectory and Parish Church of Saint Nicholas South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, with the adjoining Rectory and Parish Church of Saint Mary South Kelsey, from and after the next Avoidance of either Benefice.

66. An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands in Manchester in the County of Lancaster, called Mayes Charity Lands, to convey in Fee or grant Leases under reserved yearly Rents.

67. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Sir John Honywood Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for applying Part of the Money arising by Sale in discharging Mortgages on other Parts of the Settled Estates, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

68. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Bernard Edward Howard Esquire, with the Right Honourable Lady Elizabeth Belasyse his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands, Commons, or Waste Grounds within the several Townships of Elloughton, Brough, and Walby, in the Parish of Elloughton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

70. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure of certain Open or Common Fields and Common Field Lands, and a Common Lot Mead, within the Manor and Parishes of Old Sodbury and Little Sodbury in the County of Gloucester.

71. An Act for dividing and allotting the several Open Common Fields, Commons, Downs, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Compton, otherwise Compton Beauchamp, in the County of Berks.

72. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Downs, Commons, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor of Houghton, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Southampton.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Moors and Waste Grounds within the Townships of Feliskirk and Sutton under Whitstoncliffe, in the Parish of Feliskirk in the North Riding of the County of York.

74. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open, Uninclosed, and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor of Tolpudle in the County of Dorset.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures within the several Manors or Districts of Lamport and Hanging Houghton, in the Parish of Lamport in the County of Northampton.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Akely cum Stockholt in the County of Buckingham.

77. An Act to divide, improve, allot, and inclose the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Heath Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands in the Parish of Skillington in the County of Lincoln, and also certain Parts of a Common or Heath Ground, called The Intercommon, within or adjoining to the same.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Arnesby in the County of Leister.

79. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor or Lordship of Belton in the County of Rutland.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within Tower Pillarton, otherwise Nether Pillarton, otherwise Pillardington, in the County of Warwick.

81. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing divers Common Fields, Common Woods, Common Downs, and other Commonable Places within the Manor and Parish of Crawley in the County of Southampton, and of certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places within the Parish of Bishops Sutton in the said County.

82. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Wolds, Common, and Waste Ground within the Parish of Wolvey in the County of Warwick.

83. An Act for allotting and inclosing the Fields, Moors, and Waste Lands within the Hamlet of Martin in the Parish of Timberland in the County of Lincoln.

84. An Act to amend an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Mold in the County of Flint.

85. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parish of Shouldham and Shouldham Thorpe, otherwise Garboise Thorpe, in the County of Norfolk.

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Lands and Grounds lying and being in a certain Open and Common Field called Portfield, in the Parish of Newport Pagnel in the County of Buckingham.

87. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving the Commons, Common Meadows, and Common Fields in the Parish of Wellington in the County of Hereford; and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Common Meadows within the said Parish.

88. An Act for dividing allotting, draining, and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Tushingham cum Grindley, in the Parish of Malpas in the County of Chester.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Commonable and Waste Lands in the Parish of New Sleaford in the County of Lincoln, and in the Hamlet of Holdingham within the said Parish, and in the Parish of Quarrington in the said County.

90. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Southnewington, otherwise Southnewton, in the County of Oxford.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands And Waste Grounds in the Township of Bottesford and Hamlet of Yaddlethorpe, in the Parish of Bottesford in the County of Lincoln.

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common in the Township of Althorpe in the County of Lincoln, and for draining the same, and certain inclosed Lands within the said Township.

93. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes of Elmore and Brockworth; and also for dividing, inclosing, and allotting a certain Open and Common Field, called Calmsden Field, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Calmsden, in the Parish of North Cerney in the County of Gloucester.

94. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Droves and Waste Lands in the Parish of Fleet in County of Lincoln; and for altering an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving certain Lands lying in the several Parishes of Spalding, (including the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill,) Weston, Moulton, Whapload, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland in the County of Lincoln.

95. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Common Fields in the Parish of Upton Gray in the County of Southampton.

96. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Woodbinds, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Township, Precincts, or Territories of Sutton Cheney, alias Sutton Chenell, in the parish of Market Bosworth in the County of Leicester.

97. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Sutton in Ashfield in the County of Nottingham.

98. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parish of Faldingworth in the County of Lincoln.

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Ings, Common and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Rufforth in the County of the City or York.

100. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields of Baresby and South Croxton in the County of Leicester, and the Open Meadows and Pastures, and other Parcels of Meadow and Pasture Land and Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands used or enjoyed therewith.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Moors, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Parish of South Witham in the County of Lincoln.

102. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parish of Ilkeston in the County of Derby.

103. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Lordships or Liberties of Thornton and Bagworth, in the Parish or Thornton in the County of Leicester.

104. An Act for naturalizing John Thuiller.

105. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Parts of the Lands and Barony of Renton in the County of Berwick, formerly belonging to Sir Alexander Stirling, late of Glorat, Baronet, now deceased, and now descending to Sir John Stirling of Glorat, baronet, his Son, as may be sufficient to pay off the Debts affecting the said Lands and Barony.

106. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between James Lord Bishop of Litchfield and Coventry and Sir Richard Hill Baronet.

107. An Act for effecting a Settlement of the Freehold and of Estate of Dame Harriot the Wife of Sir John Saunders Sebright Baronet, late Harriot Croftes Spinster, pursuant to Articles executed previous to their Marriage, notwithstanding the Infancy of the said Dame Harriot Sebright.

108. An Act to enable Joseph Robinson Pease Esquire, and Anne his Wife, and Robert Copeland Pease Esquire, and the Guardians of the Children of the said Joseph Robinson Pease and Robert Copeland Pease respectively, during their Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Messuages, Mills, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and in the Parishes of Sculcoates and Drypool in the County of York.

109. An Act to enable the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to grant, by several Leases, an Estate in the Isle of Ely, now held under one Lease.

110. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Clapham in the County of Surrey, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory.

111. An Act to enable Thomas Lane Esquire to grant Building, Repairing, and Improving Leases of Estates, devised to him by Henry Bosville Esquire deceased, in the Counties of Kent, Essex, Sussex, and Surrey.

112. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes within the Township of Lund, in the Parish of Lund in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of the Lands already inclosed in the same Township.

113. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands within the Parish of Coarse in the County of Gloucester.

114. An Act for naturalizing John Anthony Rucker.

THE

STATUTES at Large,

Anno Regni GEORGII III. tricesimo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the eighteenth Day of May, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations and Adjournments, to the twenty-first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety; being the seventh Session of the sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution certain Orders of Council, respecting the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also certain Orders issued by the Governor General of his Majesty's Colonies in America; and for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS his Majesty,

[Order of his Majesty in Council, of 23 Dec. 1789, recited.]

by an Order in Council, bearing Date the twenty-third Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, was pleased to order that no Person or Persons whatever should, from and after the Publication of that Order in the London Gazette, until further Order, directly or indirectly export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any Port or Place in Great Britain, or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be loaded or laid on board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any Port or Place in Great Britain, any Wheat, Wheat-flour, Rye, Rye-meal, Barley, Barley-meal, Malt, Bread, Biscuit, Oats, Oatmeal, and Beans; and his Majesty did nevertheless think fit to order, and did thereby order that nothing therein contained should extend to prohibit any Person or Persons to ship or put on board any of the Articles aforesaid, to be carried Coastwise; that is to say, from any Port, Creek, Member, or Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain to any other Port, Creek, or Member of the same, having such or the like Coast Cocquet or Sufferance for that Purpose, on such or the like sufficient Security being first given for the landing and discharging of the same in some other Port, Member, Creek or Part of the said Kingdom, and returning a Certificate in six Months, as is required by Law, in Cases where Goods which are liable to pay Duties on Exportation are carried Coastwise from one Port of Great Britain to another; nor to prohibit such or so much of any of the aforesaid Articles as should be necessary from being exported or carried out in any Ships or Vessels in their Voyage out and home, for the Sustenance of the Persons on board of such Ships or Vessels only, or for victualling or providing any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or other Ships in his Majesty's Service, or for the Use of his Majesty's Forces, Forts, or Garrisons; and his Majesty was further pleased to order, as it was thereby ordered, by the Advice aforesaid, that from and after the Publication of that Order in the London Gazette, and until further Order, the Importation of Wheat, Wheat-flour, Rye, Rye-meal, Barley, Barley-meal, Oats, and Oatmeal, should be allowed into the Ports of that Part of Great Britain called England, and into the Ports of Wales, and into Berwick upon Tweed, upon Payment of the Duties commonly called The Low Duties only: And whereas the Lords of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council,

[Order of Privy Council of 2d Jan. 1790, recited.]

by an Order bearing Date the second Day of January last, were pleased to order that all foreign Corn and Grain, and Flour and Meal, which had been imported into this Kingdom, and which was then warehoused, or which should'

2 C. 1. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

'thereafter be imported and warehoused under the joint Locks of the King, and the Importer or Proprietor of such Corn, Grain, Flour, and Meal, according to Law, should be allowed to be re-exported from such Warehouses, under the several Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions, of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign

[13 Geo. 3. cap. 43.]

(intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn) and that all foreign Corn and Grain, and Flour and Meal, and also all foreign Corn, Grain, Pease, Beans, Malt, Flour, Oatmeal, Bread, and Biscuit, which were respectively entered for Exportation according to Law, in the Port of London, before the Publication of his Majesty's said Order in Council, in the London Gazette, or which were respectively entered for Exportation, according to Law, in the several other Ports or Places in this Kingdom, before the Collectors of the Customs at the said several Ports or Places had received his Majesty's said Order in Council, should be allowed to be exported from this Kingdom; and that the several Ships then in the Port of London, which were laden with Wheat and Meal, Flour, Bread, and Biscuit, before the Publication of his Majesty's said Order in Council, in the London Gazette, and which were respectively entered according to Law, for Exportation to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, under the several Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions, contained in an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his said Majesty's Reign

[14 Geo. 3. cap. 5.]

---

(intituled, An Act to allow the Exportation of Corn, Grain, and other Articles, to his Majejlfs Sugar Colonies in America; and to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, allowing the Exportation of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, to the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, to Breads Biscuit, and Pease \ and to allow the Exportation of all the said Articles to the Island of Alderney)," should be allowed to proceed to their respective Ports of Delivery in the Sugar Colonies aforesaid, and that the several Snips then in the Port of London, which were laden with any other Sort of Corn and Grain, Pease, or Beans, ground or unground, Malt or Oatmeal, before the Publication of his Majesty's said Order in C&uncil in the London Gazette, or which were so laden in any other Port or Place in this Kingdom, before the Collectors of the Customs at those Ports respectively had received his Majesty's said Order in Council, and which were respectively entered according to Law for Exportation to his Majesty's said Sugar Colonies in America, under the several Regulations, Conditions,

and Restrictions contained in the said before-recited Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, should be allowed to proceed to their respective Ports of Delivery in the Sugar Colonies aforesaid:

[Order of Privy Council of Jan. 8, 1790, recited.]

And whereas the Lords of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, by an Order bearing Date on the eighth Day of January last, were further pleased to order, that all Malt declared or made for Exportation on or before the twenty-eighth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine,

might be exported, provided the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof should produce to the Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port where such Malt should be exported, a Certificate or Certificates from the Officer or Officers of the Excise with whom the Entry of the Corn, intended to be made into such Malt for Exportation, was made, that the said Malt was actually declared or made for Exportation, on or before the said twenty-eighth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine:

[Order of his Majesty in Council, of November 11, 1789, recited.]

[Another Order of His Majesty in Council, of Nov. 18, 1789, recited.]

[Order of Lord Dorchester in 1789, recited.]

[All Suits for Acts done under the recited Orders to be discharged.]

And whereas his Majesty, by an Order in Council, bearing Date the eleventh Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, was pleased to order, that an additional Quantity of Grain or Flour,

according to the Proportion established by law, not exceeding seven hundred and fifty Quarters, should be permitted to be shipped at the Port of Southampton, and exported to the Island of Jersey, for the Use of the Inhabitants of that Island, and his Majesty's Troops stationed there, up to the twenty-fifth Day of December then next, upon Security being first given for the due landing of such Grain and Flour in the said Island of Jerfy, and producing Certificates thereof in the Manner directed by the Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn:) And whereas his Majesty, by another Order in Council, Gearing Date the eighteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, was pleased to order, that an additional Quantity of Flour, not exceeding three hundred Sacks, should be permitted to be shipped at the Port of Southampton, and exported to the said Island of Guenfcy, for the Use of the Inhabitants of that Island, and of his Majesty's Troops stationed there, up to the twenty-fifth Day of December then next, upon Security being first given for the due landing of such Flour in the said Island of Guernsey, and producing Certificates- thereof in the Manner directed by the Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, (intituled* 4 An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn:) And whereas the Right Honourable Guy Lord Dorchester, Governor and Captain General of his Majesty's Colonies in North America, did, iiv the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, order and direct, that Flour, Meal, Biscuit, Rice, and Indian Corn, might be imported into the Province of Quebec, by Sea, from the United States of America, in British Bottoms, navigated according to Law, to the Cfofe of that Year's Navigation: And whereas the several Orders aforesaid cannot be justified by Law, but were so much for the Service of the Publick, and so neccflhry for the Safety and Preservation of his Majesty's Subjects, that they ought to be justified by Act of Parliament, and all Persons issuing, advising, or acting under, or in Obedience to the said Orders respectively, indemnified;' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all perfoiul Actions and Suits, Indictments, Informations, and all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by Reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing, advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, in relation to the said several Orders, or any of them, or of any Contract or Agreement not performed by reason or by Means of, or in Obedience to, such Orders of Council, or any of them, be, are and shall be discharged and made void by virtue of this Act; and that if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reason

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 1. 3

of any such Act, Matter, or Thing, so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, or such Contrail or Agreement not performed, he, she, or they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any Action or Suit so to be prosecuted or commenced after the twenty-second Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in that Part of Great Britain called England, or after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in the Province of Quebec, shall become Nonsuit, or forbear farther Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs* the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their Double Costs, for which he, she, or they, shall have the like Remedy as in Cases where the Costs by Law are given to Defendants; and if any such Action or Suit as aforesaid, shall be commenced or prosecuted after the said twenty-second Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before which such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted shall allow to the Defender the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow him his Double Costs of Suit, in all such Cases as aforesaid.

II. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit hath been already commenced against any Person or Persons for any such Act, Matter, or Thing,* lb adviseS, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, or on Account of any such Contrail or Agreement net performed, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendants or Defenders in such Actions or Suits respectively, in whatever Courts in Great Britain, or in his Majesty rs Province of Quebec, such A (SI ions or Suits shall have been commenced, to apply to such Court or Courts respectively to flay all Proceedings therein respectively, by Motion in a summary Way, and such Court or Courts are hereby required to make Order for that Purpose accordingly; and the Court or Courts making such Order shall award and allow, to the Defendants or Defenders respectively, Double Costs of Suit, for which they shall respectively have the like Remedy as in Cases where the Costs are by Law given to Defendants or Defenders.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatever shall, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any Port or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be loaded or laid on board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of any Port or Place in Great Britain, any Wheat, Wheat-flour, Rye, Rye-meal, Barley, Barley-meal, Malt, Bread, Biscuit, Oats, Oat-meal, Pcafe, or Beans, under the Penalties and Forfeitures herein after mentioned; that is to say, That all and every the said Commodities, which shall be so exported, transported, carried or conveyed, or so loaded or laid" on board in any Ship, or other Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, or carried out of the Kingdom of Great Britain, contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited, and that every Offender or Offenders therein shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Bushel of Wheat, Wheat-flour, Rye, Rye-meal, Barley, Barley-meal, Malt, Oats, Oatmeal, Pease, and Beans, and Twelve-pence for every Pound Weight of Bread or Biscuit which shall be so exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, or so loaded or laid on board in any Ship, or other Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from the said Kingdom of Great Britain, and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in or on board of which any of the said Articles herein-before specified shall be so respectively exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, or in or upon which any of the said respective Articles shall be so loaded or laid, in order to be so exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be ftized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuflcimr, and one Moiety of all the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall sue for the same; and for Offences which shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called England, such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; or, where the Value of such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not exceed the Sum of fifty Pounds, the same shall and may be recovered by Information at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Division, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, and in such Suit, no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed: and for Offences which shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the same shall and may be recovered by Action, or summary Bill on Information in the Courts of Session or Exchequer in Scotland; or where the Value of such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not exceed the Sum of fifty Pounds, the same shall and may be recovered by summary Bill or Information at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, by Action in the Sheriffs or Stewards Court of the County or Stewartry where the Offence shall be committed; and that the Master and Mariners of any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, wherein any such Offence shall be committed, having Knowledge of such Offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and assisting the rein, and being thereof duly convicted in any such Courts respectively as aforesaid, shall be imprisoned for the Space of three Months, without Bail or Main-prize.

IV. Provided always, that this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed or deemed to extend, to prohibit any of the several Articles herein enumerated from being carried Coastwise, nor to prohibit the Exportation of so much of the said several Articles respectively as shall be necessary to be carried in any Ship or Ships, or other Vessel or Vessels, on their respective Voyages out and home, for the Sustenance, Diet, and Support of the Commanders, Mailers, Mariners, Passengers, or others, in the same Ships or Vessels only, or for the victualling or providing any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or other Ships or Vessels in his Majesty's Service, or for his Majesty's Forces, Forts, or Garrisons, or to Gibraltar, St. Helena, the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, and the Isle of Man, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants thereof; nor to prohibit the Exportation of the same respectively to the British Forts, Castles,

[General Issue.]

[Double Costs.]

If Plaintiffs in Actions prosecuted in Great Britain after zii Feb. and in Quebec after fi1st July , 1790, become nonfujr, tf e Defendants to recover

Defendants in Actions already commenced, may apply to the Court to flay Proceeding*.

Wheat, &c. exported ou of Great Britain, or shipt with that In ent, to be forfeited, as also the Vessel, dec.

Application of Penalties*; and how they are to be recovtrcd.

Makers or Marine.$ having Knowledge of Offences against this Act, and aiding the rein, r> be imprisoned.

The Ancles herein enumerated may be01* rird Coastwise, or for the DitC of Crews, &c.

4 C. 1. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

The Articles herein after enumerated may be exported from London, Arc. to 1 he Sugar Colonies in America, in the Quantities herein specified, &c.

Foreign Corn, &c. legally warehoused, may be exported from such Warehouse,

Foreign or British Corn, See, entered or loaded at London for

Exportation,

for the Publication in the Gazette, and at other forts, before the Receipt at the Customs «f the Order in Council of Dec. *3» 17S9, may be exported.

Milt made or

declared for Exportation before Dec. igt 1789, may be exported on Certificate from the Excise O.hcer.

Ships at London laden with Wheat Sec. for the Sugar Colonies in America before the Publication in the Gazette, and at other Porta before the Receipt at the Culiomt, of the Order in

or Factories in Africa, for the Support of the Persons residing the rein, or for the Use of Ships or Vessels trading on that Coast that have been usually supplied with the same from Great Britain; nor to prohibit the Exportation of the same reflectively to the Island of Newfoundland, for the Benefit of the British Fishery there, or to Hudson's Bay in North America, for the Benefit of the Hudson's-Bay Company and their Servants residing the re, or to the Bay of Honduras, for the Sustenance and Use of the British Settlers there, of such Sorts and Kinds only respectively, and only in such Quantities and Proportions respectively, and under and subject to all such Terms, Conditions, Provisions, Securities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are now directed, provided, and established, touching and respecting the Exportation of the several Articles aforesaid respectively to the several Places aforesaid respectively, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend, or be construed or deemed to extend, to prohibit the several Articles herein after expressed being exported out of and from the Ports of London, Brjjhl, Liverpool, or Glasgow, and none other, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Colonies, so as the whole Quantity, to be so exported before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, do not exceed the several Quantities hereafter respectively limited; that is to say, five thousand and fifty-kven Quarters of Beans* two thousand seven hundred and eighty quarters of Oats, one thousand one hundred and sixty Quarters of Oatmeal, eight hundred and fifteen Quarters of Pease, one bundled and sixty-seven Quarters of Rye, two hundred and eighty-five Quarters of Wheat, and eight thousand nine hundred and twenty-two Quarters of Wheat-flour; which Quantities shall be exported in such Proportions respectively, from such of the before-mentioned Ports respectively, to such of the said Sugar Colonies respectively, as shall be directed by the Lords of the Committee of his Majesty's Privy Council, appointed for the Consideration of all Matters relating to Trade and foreign Plantations, and under and subject to all such Terms, Conditions, Provisions, Securities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which such Articles are respectively subject by any'Act or Acts of Parliament in force for the Exportation of Corn, Grain, or Flour, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

VI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed or deemed to extend, to prevent any Foreign Corn and Grain, and Flour and Meal, which is now or which shall hereafter be warehoused, under the joint Locks of the King and of the Importer or Proprietor of such Corn, Grain, Flour, and Meal, in Manner directed by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, from being exported from Great Britain; but that the same shall and may be exported directly from the Warehouse or Warehouses wherein the same respectively now are, or hereafter shall be, secured in Manner aforesaid, under the several Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, under which such Foreign Corn and Grain, Flour and Meal, so warehoused in pursuance of the aforesaid Act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, may be exported by the several Laws now in force; nor to prevent any foreign Corn and Grain, and Flour and Meal, nor any British Corn, Grain, Pease, Beans, Malt, Flour, Oatmeal, Bread, and Biscuit, which were respectively entered for Exportation, or loaded or laid on board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, for Exportation, according to Law, in the Port of London, before the Publication of his Majesty's fard Order in Council, dated the twenty-third Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, in the London Gazette, or which were respectively entered for Exportation, or loaded or laid on board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, for Exportation, according to Law, in the several other Ports or Places in Great Britain, before the Collectors of his Majesty's Customs at the said several Ports or Places had received his Majesty's said Order in Council, dated the twenty-third Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, but that the same shall and may be exported from Great Britain, under the several Securities, Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, under which such Foreign Corn and Grain, and Flour and Meal, or such British Corn, Grain, Pease, Beans, Malt, Flour, Oatmeal, Bread, and Biscuit, may be exported by the several Laws now in force.

VII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prohibit the Exportation of such Malt as shall have been made or declared for Expoi ration, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, upon the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Malt as aforesaid, producing to the Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port where such Malt as aforesaid shall be exported, a Certificate or Certificates, from the Officer or Officers of the Excise with whom the Entry of the Corn intended to be made into such Malt as aforesaid for Exportation shall have been made, that such Malt was actually declared or made for Exportation on or before the twenty-eighth Day of December in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prevent the several Ships or Vessels now in the Port of London,9which were laden with Wheat and Meal, Flour, Bread and Biscuit, before the Publication of his Majesty's laid Order, in Council, dated the twenty-third Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, in the London Gazette, and which were respectively entered according to Law for Exportation to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from proceeding to their respective Ports of Delivery in the Sugar Colonies aforesaid; nor to hinder the several Ships now in the said Port of London, which were laden with any other Sort of Corn and Grain, Pease or Beans, ground or unground, Malt or Oatmeal, before the Publication of his Majesty's said Order in Council, dated the twenty-third Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eight-nine, in the London Gazette, or which were so laden in any other Port or Place in Great Britain,

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 2 - 4. 5

Council of Dec. 23, 1789. may proceed on their Voyages.

Wheat, &c. may be i rpor ed into England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed on Payment of the L Duties. V'heaf, &rc. imported on the Low Dutie', and which might have been waie-housed under the hither Duties m*v be so ware* heukd, &c.

before the Collectors of his Majesty's Customs at those Ports respectively had received that Order of his Majesty in Council, and which were respectively entered according to Law for Exportation to his Majesty's said Sugar Colonies in America, from proceeding to their respective Ports of Delivery, under the several Securities, Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, under which the same Articles may be exported respectively to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies aforesaid, by any Law now in force.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to import into any of the Ports of that Part of Great Britain called England, or into the Ports of Wales, or into the Port of Berwick upon Tweed, any Wheat, Wheat-flour. Rye-meal, Barley, Barley-meal, Oats, and Oatmeal, Peas and Beans, and the same shall and maybe retncct'vcly delivered to the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, on Payment of the Duties commonly called The Low Duties. and none other j any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That as often as any Wheat, or Wheat-flour, Rye,

Pease, Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or Oats, shall be imported, on Payment of the Duties commonly called The Lviv Duties, into any of the Ports where the same, if imported at a Time when the higher Duties were payable, might by Law have been lodged and secured under the joint Locks of the King, and the Importer or Proprietor, such Corn, Grain, or Flour, shall, if the same shall be required by the Importer or Proprietor thereof, be landed from on board the Ship or Vessel in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers, and after a due Account thereof taken by the proper Officer of the Customs shall be immediately lodged and secured, under the joint Locks of the King, and the Importer or Proprietor of such Corn, Grain, or Flour, in such Warehouse or Warehouses as shall be for that Purpose provided, at the sole Expence of the said Importer or Proprietor, with the Approbation and under the Care and Inspection of the Commissioners of the Customs, or any three or more of them, or the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs for the Port where such Corn, Grain, or Flour, shall be imported, there to be kept, and not delivered or taken out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, but in the same Manner, and under the same Conditions,

Securities, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, and Penalties, as are provided in the said Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, respecting Corn, Grain, or Flour, lodged and secured under the joint Locks of the King, and the Importer or Proprietor.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Wheat, or Wheat-flour, Rye, Pease, Beans,

Barley, Beer, Bigg, or Oats, shall have been hitherto imported on Payment of the Duties commonly called The Lew Duties, and shall have been landed from on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same was imported in the Presence of the proper Officers of the Customs, and shall have been by such Officer or Officers immediately lodged and secured in a Warehouse or Warehouses, under the joint Locks of him or tiiem, and of the Importer or Proprietor, such Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Pease, Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or Oats, shall be considered as having been warehoused under the joint Locks of the King, and the Importer or Proprietor, according to the Directions of the said Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, and may be delivered and taken out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, in the same Manner, and under the same Conditions, Securities, Regulations, Restrictions, and Penalties, as are provided in the said last mentioned Act.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in force until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety; and may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

&c. in the

---

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

[ 4l.]

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

CAP. IV.

An Act for taking off the Duties upon unwrought Tin exported to any of the Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS the taking off the Duty on Tin exported from Great Britain to the Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope, will encourage the raising a greater Quantity of Tin from the Mines of this Kingdom, and be thereby highly beneficial, as well to all concerned in the said Mines, as to the

Commerce of this Kingdom in general May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety, no Duty of From Marrh t, Customs whatever shall be charged or paid or payable upon any Tin unwrought which shall be exported, or no Du,y

entered for Exportation, from Great Britain, to any of the Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope; any ot former Law now in force to the contrary notwithstanding.

ported to an7 Place beyond the Cape of Good Hope,

Whf.% &e. which has been legally imported* znc warehoukd under the Locks of the Officer of the Customs and the Importer, may be delivered under the Regulation of 13 Geo. 3. c. 43.

Act to conuroe in force t ill Sept, 29, 1790 and may be altered, present Session.

How such Bonds shall be discharged.

[Preamble.]

a3 Geo. 3. c. 18.

I

Part of recited continued until May 15, 1792, dec.

[Preamble.]

a8 Geo. 3. c. 6. recited*

6 C. 5 - 8. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

[provided Bond be given for landing it beyond the Cape.]

II. Provided always, That the Exporter of such Tin shall, with one or more fu (Sclent Person or Perform to be approved by the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port where Inch Tin shall be entered for Exportation, give Security, by Bond, in the Penalty of Double the Value of such Tin, (which Security the said Collector or Comptroller of the Customs is hereby authorise and empowered to take,) in the Name, and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with Condition that the same shall be landed in some Port or Piece in the Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope \ and fi:;h Security shall be discharged on a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the chief Supercargo of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, if the same shall be landed in Chir.a; or by the like Certificate from the Governor, or two of the Council, at any of the said Company's Settlements, if the same shall be landed within any of the said Company's Settlements in the East Indies \ or by the like Certificate from two principal Merchants, if the same shall be fended in any Port or Place in the Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope where the said Company have no Settlement or Supercargo; which Certificate shall be produced to the said Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port where such Tin was exported, or to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England* within thirty Months from the Date of the said Bond.

CAP. V.

An Act for continuing the Term of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the twelfth liar of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to Bills and rromissory Notes); which said Act, so far as relates to die rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was to take Place and have Continuance from the Expiration of the then Session of Parliament,

for and during the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer: And whereas it is expedient that such Part of the said Act should be continued for a further Term ;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, so far as relates to the rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the fifteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

---

CAP. VI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to amend two Acts made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; the one intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America; and between his said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the West Indies; and the other intituled, An Act to allow the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, from his Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of, under certain Conditions and Restrictions.

---

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Colonies and Plantations

in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America; and between his Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign Islands (be West Indies; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That no Goods or Commodities whatever shall be imported from any of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, by Sea, or Coastwise, into the Province of fftebet, or into the Countries or Islands within the Government thereof, or up the River Saint, from the Sea: And whereas it is found necessary to give to the Governor of the said Province of Quebec the like Power as is now by Law given to the Governors of Neva Scotia and New Brunswick, with the Advice

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 9, 10. 7

of their Councils respectively, of authorising the Importation by Sea, or Coastwise, into the said Province c of Quebec, in Cases of Emergency, of certain Sorts of Provisions from any of the Territories belonging to the said United States of America be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and w.in the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful, in case of public Emergency and Distress, for the Governor of the said Province of £Atehcx, or Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, with the Advice and Consent of the Council of the said Province, to authorise the Importation by Sea, or Coastwise, into the said Province of Quebec, or into the Countries or Islands within the Government thereof, or up the River Saint Lawrence from the Sea, of Neat Cattle, Sheep, Hogs, Poultry, or live Stock of any Sort Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Pease, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley, or Grain of any Sort, or Flour made thereof, for a limited Time, from any of the Territories belonging to the Lid United States, for the Supply of the Inhabitants of the said Province, and of the Countries or Islands within the Government thereof: Provided always, That the said Goods and Commodities, so authorised to be imported, shall not be imported, except by British Subjects, and in British-built Ships owned by his Majesty's Subjects, and navigated according to Law, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, and also of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so imported, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel.

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the said twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to allow the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, from his Majejlf s Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and Rf visions; Rum, being the Produce or Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, is allowed to be imported from the said Colonies, without Payment of Duty, into the said Province, not exceeding in Value a Cargo of Lumber or Provisions, Horses or Neat Cattle, carried from the said Province and landed in the said Colonies: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said Lumber or Provisions, Horses or Neat Cattle, are thereby required to be of the Produce or Growth of the said Province;' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lumber (except White Oak Staves), Provisions, Horses, or Neat Cattle, exported tinder the Conditions and Regulations of the said Act, shall be of the Growth or Produce of the said Province of tehee, and no other.

Oak Staves) to be of the Pr

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Goods or Commodities, and all Ships or Vessels forfeited by this Act, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, or by the Commander or Commanders of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or any Commissioned, Warrant, or Petty Officer specially authorised by him or them; and that every Forfeiture and Penalty incurred by this Act shall and may respectively be sued for, prosecuted and recovered in such Courts, and by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof respectively disposed of and applied in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Lav/ respecting the Revenue of the Customs now may be sued for, prosecuted, or recovered, disposed of and applied, either in this Kingdom, or in any of his Majesty's Dominions in North America or the West Indies reflectively, as the Cale may happen to be.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and be in force from and after the Hrft Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

CAP. IX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

CAP. X.

An Act for the better Support of the Dignity of the Speaker of the House of Commons; and for ailahlu g the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being from holding any Office or Place of Profit, during Pleasure, under the Crown.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, being demons of making Provision for enabling the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being more clfecLu.iiiy to support the Dignity of the said Office, and the Expence necef- farily attending the same; and having resolved that, for that Purpose, the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury should be authorised to direct, from Time to Time, a Sum to be issued at the Exchequer, which, together with the Fees and Allowances of five Pounds per Day, now payable on Account of the said Office, may amount to the clear yearly Sum of six thousand Pounds, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;' and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Secretary of the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, or such other Officer or Person as the Speaker shall appoint, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the Expiration of the Quarter ending on the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety, deliver to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time

In cafip of E*rergs* nev, the Governor of Quebec, with the Conftnt of the Council, may authorise the Importat on by Sea 01 C' aft w ife of Neat Cattle, & from 'he United State*,by British Subjects in B'j ifh-built Ship?, &c,

38 Geo. 3. c. 39. recited*

Lumber, &c. exported under ihe recited Act (excfp* White dut e ot Quebec. By whom Seizures may be made.

How Forfeitures are to be re-coveied and applied.

[Commencement of Act.]

[Preamble.]

[The Speaker's Secretary to deliver to the Treasury, at the Times herein]

8 C. 10. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

mentioned, an Account of the Fees received, and Sums due or received of the Allowance to the Speaker out of the Civil List,

If the Fees, and the Sum received or due to the Speaker from the Civil List, within any of the Periods beforementioned,

exceed 1,500l. the Excels to be carried to the Account of the next Quarter, &c.

If the Fees and

Allowance from the Civil List, for the Quarter ending April 5, 1790, shall be less than 1,500l. the Deficiency to be made good from the Supplies for 1790

and thereafter from the Consolidated Fund,

Asser previous Appropriations out of the Consolidated Fund, the Payments under this Act to have Preference, &c.

being, an Account, signed by the Speaker of the House of Commons, of the Fees which shall have been received on Account of the Speaker of the House of Commons, between the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety; and also an Account of such Sum as shall hive been received, or which shall be due and payable at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, out of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues, oil the Allowance of Five Pounds per Day usually made to the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, for the same Period; and that the Secretary of the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, or such other Officer or Pet Ion as the Speaker shall appoint, shall also, seven Days at leaf! before the Expiration of the Quarters ending on the fifth Day of July, the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, deliver a like Account of the Fees which shall have been received on Account of the Speaker of the House of Commons, and of the Sum which shall have been received, or which shall be due and payable on the Allowance of five Pounds per Day, as aforesaid, between the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twenty-fourth Day of June, between the twenty-fourth Day of June and the twenty-ninth Day of September, and between the twenty-ninth Day of September and the twenty-fifth Day of one thousand seven hundred and ninety respectively, and so in like Manner in every Dcceeding Quarter.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time the Amount of the Sums received under the Head of Fees, and of the Sum which shall have been received, or shall be due and payable at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, on the Allowance of five Pounds per Day, within any of the Paid Periods, for which the Accounts hereby directed to be delivered in are required to be computed, shall exceed the clear Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds, such Excess shall be carried to the Account to be delivered in previous to the next ensuing Qua; ter, as so much Adoney received by the Speaker of the House of Commons, to be added to the several Receipts under the Head of Fees, or Sums received or due and payable at the Exchequer as aforesaid, within the Period of the said next ensuing Account; and if at any Time the Amount of the Sums received under the Head of Fees, and which shall have been received, or shall be due and payable at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, on the Allowance of five Pounds per Day, within any of the said Periods, for which the Accounts hereby directed to be delivered in are required to be computed, together with such Excess as shall be brought forward, in the-AIunner herein directed, from any preceding Account, shall exceed the clear Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds, such last mentioned Excess shall also in like Manner be carried forward to the Account to be delivered in previous to the next ensuing Quarter.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, at the Expiration of the Quarter ending on the filth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the whole Amount of the Sums which shall have been received by the Speaker of the House of Commons on Account of Fees, together wkh the Sum which shall have been received, or which shall be due and payable on the Allowance of five Pounds per Day as aforesaid, between the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred at id ninety, lhad be less than the clear Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds, it shall and may be lawful (or the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Time being to make forth and pal's Debentures for paying to the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, or to his Order, out of any of the Aids or Supplies which shall have been granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall, together with the Sums received by the Speaker of the House of Commons, or which shall be due and payable to him on Account of the Period for which the said Account is directed to be computed, make up the clear Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any future Time the whole Amount of the Sums received by the Speaker of the House of Commons, or which shall have been brought to his Account, in the Manner herein-before directed, within any of the said Periods for which the Accounts hereby directed to be delivered in are required to be computed, shall be less than the clear Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, and the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Time being to make forth and pass Debentures for paying to the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, or to his Order, out of the Duties and Revenues which compose the Fund commonly called The Consolidated Fund, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall, together with the Sums which shall have been received by the Speaker of the House of Commons, or which shall be due and payable to him, or which shall have been brought to his Account, within any of the said Periods as aforesaid, make up the clear Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Payments shall be made out of the said Consolidated Fund, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of such Fund; and such Warrant and Debenture, to be made forth and passed thereon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Time being, for the Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money to the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being; and that the Receipt of the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same.

---

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 11. 9

[Payments out of the Consolidated Fund to be free from all Taxes.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Sum and Sums of Money directed by this Act to be issued to the Speaker of the House of Commons, for the Purpose of completing the clear Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other public Charges whatever; and that the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being shall be free and clear of all Taxes, Impositions, and public Charges, in respect of such Sums, any Thing contained in any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[Speaker not to hold any Place, of Profit under the Crown during Pleasure.]

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being shall not hold or enjoy, in his own Name, or in the Name of any Person or Persons in trust for him or for his Benefit, any Office or Place of Profit under the Crown during Pleasure.

CAP. XI.

---

An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America* so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain bistruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majestfs Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States); which said Act has been continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the fifth Lay of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety: And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, for giving his Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certa'm Articles therein mentioned);

the Powers given by the said recited Act were extended to the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the British Colonies and Plantations in America, so far as the same might relate to Iron, Hemp, and Sail-cloth, and other Articles of the Produce of any Place bordering on the Baltic,

which might be exported from this Kingdom; which said last mentioned Act has also, by several subsequent Acts, been continued until the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety:

And whereas it is expedient that the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so far only as the same extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom, and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and also that the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign should be further continued:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so far only as the same extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and that the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and all the Matters and Things therein contained, shall continue and be in Force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

rica, and 24 Geo. 3. c. 49. to continue in Force till

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Iron, Hemp, Sail-cloth, or other Articles of the Produce of any Place bordering on the Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this Kingdom, shall be exported from hence in any other Manner than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in Force, or which shall hereafter be in Force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council; or if any Goods or Commodities whatever shall be imported from any of the Territories of the United States of America, into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, other than such as by any Law now in Force, or \yhich shall hereafter be in Force, or by virtue of this present Act, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, now are, or hereafter shall be permitted to be imported; or if any Goods or Commodities shall be imported from the Territories of the said United States of America into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, in any other Manner whatever than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in Force,' or which shall hereafter be in Force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, the same shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods or Commodities shall respectively be exported or imported, and all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel belonging thereto.

Goods imported from these States contrary to Law,

III. And be it further enacted, That every Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof disposed of, paid, and applied, in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of Customs may now be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in the Places where respectively the Offence shall be committed; and that the Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, and applied in like Manner, in the said Places respectively; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Preamble.]

23 Geo. 3. c. 39.

24 Geo. 3. c. 45.

23 Geo. 3. c. 39. so far as relates to the Commerce between this Kingdom and the United States of Ame-April 5, 1791* Articles from any Place bordeiing on the Baltic, which may be exported from this Kingdom, if exported contrary to Law, and Goods imported from the United States of Ameriea, and not permitted by Law, and also to be forfeited.

How Forfeitures are to be recovered and applied.

10 C. 12 - 14. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

Act to continue in Force till April 5,1791;

but may be repealed this Session.

[Preamble.]

a r Geo. 3. c. 5*.

*4 c*». j.

c. 66.

Commissioners of Longitude to certify the Prob?bil ty of Succ« f* o» any Proposal for discoverinii the

IV. And be it farther enabled, That this Act shall continue and be in Force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and till the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any Part thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loll or mislaid, and for allowing the m'Lime to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglebled to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, (intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety), together with those named in two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Dif-coveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for adding a Commissioner to execute the several Acts for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto, the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea were impowered, whenever they should be satisfied of the Probability of any Proposal or Proposals that should be made to them for discovering the said Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement in Navigation, so as to think it proper to cause Experiments to be made thereof, to certify the same to the Commissioners of the Navy; and also, in case they should adjudge any Person or Persons to have made any Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, which though not of so great Use as to be intituled to any of the great Rewards specified in an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for the Repeal of all former Act 5 concerning the Longitude at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to the Appointment and Authority of the Commissioners thereby constituted, and also such Claifcs as relate to the conjlrlifting, printing, publishing, vending, and licensing of Nautical Almanacks, and other useful Tables; and for the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Persons as shall discover a Method for finding the same, or shall make useful Discoveries in Navigation, and for the better making Experiments relating thereto; yet that the said Discovery was of considerable Use to the Public, or to have made any other Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements useful to Navigation, to certify such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, as they the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude should think reasonable to be paid to such Person or Persons; and the Commissioners of the Navy were thereby authorised and required to make out Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy for such Sums to certified, who was thereby authorised to pay the same immediately to such Person or Persons: And whereas,

by reason of several Payments made by the Treasurer of the Navy to several Persons in pursuance of the Directions of the said hrft mentioned Act, the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude have nearly expended the Sum of five thousand Pounds granted by the said Abl for the Purposes aforesaid: And whereas the continuing the said Encouragements and Rewards, for the Purposes mentioned in the said first mentioned Abl, will contribute to the Advantage of Trade, and to the* Honour of this Kingdom :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude, and they have hereby full Power and Authority, whenever they shall be satisfied of the Probability of any Propofol or Propofols that shall be made to them for the discovering the said Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement in Navigation, so as to think it proper to cause Experiments to be made thereof, to certify the same to the Commissioners of the Navy; and also, in case they shall adjudge any Person or Persons to have made any Discovery for*

---

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 15 - 17. 11

[Longitude, &c, to the Commissioners of the Navy.]

finding the Longitude at Sea, which though of not so great Use as to be intitled to any of the great Rewards specified in the said Act of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, yet that the said Discovery is of considerable Use to the Public, or to have made any other Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements useful to Navigation, to certify such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, as they the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude shall think reasonable to be paid to such Person or Persons;

[Commissioners of the Navy to order Rewards to such Persons, as the Commissioners of Longitude shall certify to have made any useful Discoveries, &c.]

and the Commissioners of the Navy are hereby authorised and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy for such Sum or Sums as shall be so certified to them by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude; and the said Treasurer of the Navy is hereby authorised and required to pay immediately such Sum or Sums to the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude to make such Experiments, or to receive such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, for making lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or any other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, out of any Monies which shall be in his the said Treasurer's Hands unapplied to the Use of the Navy.

[Sums paid by virtue of this Act not to exceed 5,000l.]

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be paid by the Treasurer of tho Navy, by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes of making such Experiments as aforesaid, and in rewarding in a lesser Degree lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, and also other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, do not all together exceed the Sum of five thousand Pounds; provided also that such Sum or Sums shall be certified, and such Bills shall be made out, and Payment thereof made in such Manner, and under the same Regulations and Provisions as are in and by the said Act, of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, prescribed with regard to the Sum of five thousand Pounds by the said Act made applicable to the Encouragement and Reward of such Person or Persons as should make lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or make other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and to the better making of Experiments relating thereto.

[16 Geo. c. 25.]

III. 'And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for providing a public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for the discovering the Longitude, and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act," the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being is appointed one of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Acts: And whereas since the passing thereof an additional Secretary to the Admiralty has been appointed;' be it therefore enacted,

[Secretaries of the Admiralty to be Commissioners of Longitude.]

That the Secretaries of the Admiralty for the Time being shall De, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting the said Acts, and also an Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for explaining and rendering more effectual the said Acts, into Execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been appointed Commissioners of the said Acts of the twelfth Year of Queen Anne, of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and-of the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any or either of them.

CAP. XV.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

[3,500,000l.]

CAP. XVI.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

[2,000,000l.]

CAP. XVII.

An Act for altering the Time appointed for holding the Summer Session in the Court of Session in Scotland; and for altering Whitsuntide and Lammas Terms in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland

---

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it has been found by Experience, that the Time appointed for the holding of the Summer Session in the Court of Session in Scotland is inconvenient: And whereas it would be more convenient for the Subjects of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, that the same were altered be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The Summer Session in the Court of Session to begin upon May 12, and end July 11.]

That the Summer Session in the said Court of Session, shall at all Times hereafter begin upon the twelfth Day of May, except the said twelfth Day of Mas shall happen to be upon a Sunday or Monday^ in which Case the said Session shall set down upon the nrft Tuesday after the said twelfth Day of May, and the said Summer Session shall-at all Times hereafter end upon the eleventh Day of July, except the said eleventh Day of July shall happen to be upon a Sunday or Monday, in which Case the said Summer Session shall rife upon the Saturday preceding the eleventh Day of July.

[Whitsuntide Term in the Exchequer to begin upon]

II. And whereas it is necessary that the Whitsuntide and Lammas Terms of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland should be kept during the Summer Session of the Court of Session, as has been the Practice here- tofore;' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Whitsuntide Term for the said Court of

12 C. 18. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

May, toi

end Tune a; and Lammas Term to begin upon June 17, and end July 5.

Spring Circuits to be held between March it and May is.

16 Geo. t, Cap. JJ. recited*

CnmpTjinttothe Lord Ordinary, to be equivalent to Complaint to the Court of Session as direct-by the recited Act.

Writ* already issued from the Exchequer, returnable on June iz, 1790, may be proceeded on as if they had been returnable on the ift Day of Lammas Term.

Exchequer shall at all Times hereafter begin on the twelfth Day of May, except the said twelfth Day of A lay shall happen to be on a Sunday, in which Case the said Ih kitfurtide i erm shall begin upon the first Monday aficr the said twelfth Day of May, and that at all Times hereafter the said Whitfwitide Term shall end upon the second Day of June, except the said second Day of June shall happen to be upon a Sunday, in which Case the fau\ Term shall end on the Saturday preceding such second Day of June \ and that Lammas Term for the said Court shall, at all Times hereafter, begin on the seventeemh Day of June, except the said seventeenth Day of June shall happen to be on a Sunday', in which Caie the said Lammas d erm shall begin upon the first Monday alter such seventeeitth Day of June; and that at all Times hereafter tl»e said Lammas Term shall end on the fifth Day of July, except the said fifth day of July shall happen to be on a Sunday, in which Case the said Term shall end on the Saturday preceding such fifth Day of Jidy.

III. And whereas it is necessary that the Circuit Courts or Juluciary be held during the Vacation of the Court of Session;' be it therefore enacted, That, at all Times hereafter, the Spring Circuits of the Court of Judiciary shall be held between the twelfth Day of March and the twelfth Day of May.

IV. And whereas, by an Act nafied in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain mid amend the Laws touching the Elect lorn of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to restrain the Partiality, and reyulate the Conduct of Returning Officers at such Elections, it is, inter alia, enacted, That if at any Michaelmas Meeting, or Meeting for Jbledion, any Person claiming to be inrolled shall, by Judgment of the Freeholders, be reluftd to be admitted; or if any Person who (load upon the Roll, shall by like Judgment, be struck off, or left out of the Roll, it shall and may be lawful for him or them, who is ibrefufed to be ad minted, or whose Name is so struck off or left out of the Roll, to apply (so as such Application be made within four Calendar Months after their being so re ful'ed, struck off, or left out) by Summary Complaint to the Court of Session, who Hull grant a Warrant for fiimmomrig the Person or Persons upon whose Objection or Objections he was refilled to be admitted or was (truck off or left out as aforesaid, upon thirty Days Notice to answer, and shall proceed to hear and determine in a summary Way on Inch Complaint; and if any Person shall be inrolled whose Title shall be thought liable to Objection, it shall and may be lawful for any Freeholder, (landing upon the said Roll (whether such Freeholder was present at the Meeting or not), who apprehends that such Person had not a Right to be inrolled, to apply, in like Manner, by Complaint to the Court of Session, (b as such Application be made within four Calendar Months after such Inrollment: And whereas it may happen, in Consequence of the said Alteration in the Time of holding the Summer Session in the Court of Session, that the said four Calendar Months may elapse before there is a proper Opportunity of applying to the Court of Session by Complaint in the Cases provided for by the said Act of the sixteen til of his late Majesty be it therefore enacted, That a Complaint, presented to the Lord Ordinary on the Bills in'Time of Vacation, within the said four Calendar Months, shall be equivalent to, and havfc the same Effed, for all the Purposes provided for by the said Act of the sixteenth of his late Majesty, as if such Complaint had been presented to the Court of Session while fitting. Provided always, that printed Copies of such Complaint be lodged in the usual Form on or before the third lederunt Day of the ensuing Session.

V. And whereas several Writs and Precedes of the said Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh have already issued, returnable on the twelfth Day of June next, being the first Day of Whitsuntide Term one thousand seven hundred and ninety, as the Terms of the said Court heretofore flood and were by Lawap- pointed, which Day will now, according to the Alteration by this Act made in the Terms of the said Court, fall not in Term Time but in Vacation, whereby Inconveniencies might arid* in carrying on Proceedings before the said Court;' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Writs and Processes shall, and they are hereby declared to be returnable on the said seventeenth Day of the said Month of June, being the first Day of Lammas Term, as by this Act established, and that all Proceedings to be had and taken on the said Writs and Processes shall and may be had and taken in the same Manner, and shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Writs and Processes had originally been made returnable on the said first Day of Lammas. Term one thou find seven hundred and ninety, as by this Act established; any Law, Cult am, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

WHEREAS the Laws herein-after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial^ and are near expiring be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 19 - 23. 13

and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate for a limited Time, which was to continue in Force for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; which Act was, by another Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, continued for the further Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act, by another Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was revived and continued for the further Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be/, and the same is hereby further continued for the further Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and Utensils, an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Exportation to foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures iC of this Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas/' which was to be in Force until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by three Acts made in the twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth, and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same-is hereby further continued until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in foreign Wines for the Stock of certain foreign Wines in their Possession at a certain Time, upon which the Duties on Importation have been paid; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excfe, as directs, that all Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the Hydrometers, commonly called Clarke's Hydrometer, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Ex-cife, denote any such Spirits to be, which was to be in Force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and which, by an Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was revived, and continued until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was, by another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, further continued until the End of this Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

"Act 3 George I. recited. Deeds and Wills of Papists, made since Sept, 29, 1717, to be good in Law, if inrolled before Sept. t, 1790. Not to extend to Deeds, &c. the Validity whereof has been " brought in Question before Jan, 1, 1790. Purchases made not to be avoided, on account of the Title-4C deeds not having been inrolled, 15c. This Act not to make good any Grant of the Right of Presentation to any Benefice, &c. in Trust for any Papist."

---

CAP. XX.

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church and Tower of Saint Thomas, within the City of Bristol.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for better supplying the City of Norwich, and the Parts adjacent, with Water,

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford in the County of Sufolk.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same.
---
"From Aug. 1, 1790, the Commissioners of the Treasury may let to Farm the Duties granted by the Act 27 Geo. 3. Cap. 26. but not for a longer Time than till Feb, 1, 1794, Powers of recited Act not Ai hereby altered, to continue in Force."

12 Geo 3.

Cap. 50. for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, continued for five Years.

26 George 3, Cap. S9. to extend to other Tools and Utensils, 25 George 3. Cap. 67. continued to the End of the next Session.

So much of 27 George 3.

Cap. 31. as directs that all Spirits shall be deemed of the Strength denoted by Clarke's Hydrometer, continued to the End of the next Session,

14 C. 24 - 27. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

[Preamble.]

»7 Geo. 3. Ci IJ* recited.

From July 1790, Goods imported from Yucatan to be free from the Excise Duty on Sales by Auction, imposed by recited &c. and Exporters of Goods to that^ Settlement, to be allowed the same Drawbacks as on Goods exported to America &c.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

His Majesty by Sign Manual may authorize the Commissioners of the Treasury to direct Loans to be received, and Exchequer Bills to be made out for 1,000,000l. agreeable to the Rules of the Malt Act. 44 Oaufes of the Malt Act to extend to this Act, except those charging the Loans on the Malt Tax, and li- miting the Rate of Interest. Loans, CsV. to be charged upon the first Supplies of next Session, or the next Consolidated Fund. Monies issued out of the Consolidated Fund to be replaced out of the first Sup- plies. Bank of England may advance Money upon the Credit of this Act."
---
CAP. XXV.

An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Honiton in the County of Devon.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to exempt Goods and Chattels imported from the Settlement of Tucatan in South America, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales; and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Goods exported to Yucatan.
---
WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An Aid for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in Lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with tin other Duties composing the Public Revenue;

for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdoms and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequerfor the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt), an Excise Duty is chargeable for and upon all Sales by way of Auction in Great Britain, of any Goods or Chattels, according to the respective Rates therein expressed: And whereas it is expedient that some Provision should be made in Favour of Goods and Chattels imported from the Settlement at Tucatan in South America, and sold by Auction in Great Britain be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority, of the same. That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, any Goods imported into this Kingdom by Way of Merchandize, from the said Settlement at Tucatan, shall be free of the said Duty on the first Sale of uich Goods at Auction, by or for the Account of the original Importer to whom the same were courtgned, and by whom they were entered at the Custom-house at the Port of Importation, so as such Sale be made within twelve Months after such Goods shall be imported, and by some Person duly licensed to exercise the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer.

II. And whereas Drawbacks of the Whole or Part of Duties paid upon certain Goods and Commodities, are allowed to the Exporter on the due Exportation thereof into the British Colonies in America: And whereas it is expedient that the like Drawbacks should be allowed on the Exportation of such Goods and Commodities to the said Settlement at Tucatanbe it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, there shall be paid.or allowed to the Exporter or Exporters of any Goods or Commodities which shall be exported to the said Settlement of Tucatan, die like Drawback of the Duties of Customs and Excise as is now allowed on the Exportation of such Good& or Commodities to the British Colonies or Plantations in America, on Condition that the same shall be exported in such and the like Manner, and under such and the like Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Redactions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Goods or Commodities are now subject and liable to, upon the Exportation thereof, foj* a Drawback to the British Colonies or Plantations in America: Provided also, that the like Bond shall be given for the due Exportation thereof, with further Condition that the Exporter thereof shall produce a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of two British Merchants, within the Space of twelve Calendar Months from the Exportation thereof, that the same have been duly landed there.

---

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for encouraging new Settlers in his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient that Encouragement should be given to Persons that are disposed to come and settle in certain of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America and the West Indies:' be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[From Aug. 1, 1790, Subjects of the United Slates of America, settling in the Bahama Islands, &c. may import Negroes, &c. Duty-free, to the Value herein specified. &c.]

That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety, if any Person or Persons, being a Subject or Subjects of the Territories or Countries belonging to the United States of America, shall come from thence, together with his or their Family or Families, to any of the

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 28, 29. 15

Bahama, Bermuda or Somers Islands, or to any Part of the Province of Quebec, or of Nova Scotia, or any of the Territories belonging to his Majesty in North America, for the Purpose of residing and settling there, it shall be lawful for any such Person or Persons, having first obtained a Licence for that Purpose from the Governor, or, in his Absence, the Lieutenant Governor of the said Islands, Colonies, or Provinces respectively, to import into the same, in British Ships owned by his Majesty's Subjects, and navigated according to Law, any Negroes, Household Furniture, Utensils of Husbandry, or Cloathing, free of Duty: Provided always, That such Household Furniture, Utensils of Husbandry, and Cloathing, shall not in the Whole exceed the Value of fifty Pounds for every White Person that shall belong to such Family; and the Value of forty Shillings for every Negro brought by such White Person; and if any Dispute shall arise as to the Value of such Household Furniture, Utensils of Husbandry, or Cloathing, the same shall be heard and determined by the Arbitration of three British Merchants at the Port where the same shall be imported, one of such British Merchants to be appointed by the Governor, or, in his Absence, the Lieutenant Governor of such Island or Province, one by the Collector of the Customs at such Port, and one by the Person so coming with his Family.

[Sales of Negroes, &c. so imported within 12 Months, to be void.]

II. And be it further enacted, That all Sales or Bargains for the Sale of any Negro, Household Furniture, Utensils of Husbandry, or Cloathing, so imported, which shall be made within twelve Calendar Months after the Importation of the same, (except in Cases of the Bankruptcy or Death of the Owner thereof), shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

[All White Persons coming so to reside, to take the Oath of Allegiance, if upwards of 14 Years old.]

III. And be it further enacted, That every White Person so coming to reside, if above the Age of fourteen Years, shall, and he is hereby required, immediately after his Arrival, to take and subscribe the Oath of Allegiance to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, before the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Chief Magistrate of the Place where such Person shall arrive, and at the same Time swear that it is his Intention to reside and settle in such Island or Province; for which Oaths such Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Chief Magistrate, shall receive the same Fee, and no more, as is payable by Law on administering the Oath of Allegiance in Cases where the same is now by Law required.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for permitting the Importation of Cashew Gum from his Majesty's West India Islands, upon Payment of the like Duty as is paid upon the Importation of Gum Arabic, or Gum Senega.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it will be highly useful to several Sorts of Manufactures, that Cashew Gum should be imported upon no higher Duty than Gum Arabic and Gum Senega is now allowed to be imported \ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[From July 5, 1790, Cashew Gum of the West India Islands may be imported on Payment of the same Duties as Gum Arabic.]

That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, Cashew Gum the Growth or Production of any of his Majesty's West India Islands, (in which the Bahama and Bermuda or Somers Islands are included), shall and may be imported into any Port of Great Britain, in British Ships, owned by his Majesty's Subjects, and navigated according to Law, on Payment of the same Duty, and no other, as is now paid upon the Importation of Gum Arabic, or Gum Senega, into any Port of Great Britain; and such Duty shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered and applied, in the same Manner as the said Duty upon Gum Arabic, or Gum Senega, is raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and applied.

CAP. XXIX.

---

An Act for amending an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and ReftrUlions\ and for regulating the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Commodities the Growth and Production of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation awl Exportation of certain Golds, JVa>'es, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George In the Istand of Grenada, in the Port of Rovau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of NalFau in the Island of New Providence, enr of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Rcjlrifiions, it is enacted, That certain Articles therein mentioned, being the Growth or Production of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign

[Preamble.]

27 Geo. 3.

Cap. tj, recited.

16 C. 30, 31. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

European Sovereign or State, and all Coin and Bullion, Diamonds or precious Stones, may be imported from any of the said Colonies or Plantations into the several Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucca, in the Island of Jamaica, the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and the Port of Nassau in the Island of N*w Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, in &ny Foreign Sloop, Schooner, or other Vessel whatever, not having more than one Deck, and not exceeding die Burthen of seventy Tons, and being owned and navigated by the Subjects of any foreign European Sovereign or State: And whereas it will tend to increase the Commerce carried on to and from the before-mentioned Ports, if the Foreign Sloops, Schooners, and Vessels trading thereto be not limited to any Description of Tonnage be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

poking and e" present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[

That the Sloops, Schooners, and

porting the Ar- Vessels, owned and navigated by the Subjects of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, importing and tides enumerat- exporting the Articles enumerated in the before-mentioned Act, to and from the before-mentioned Ports, cd in the recited in the Island of Jamaica, the Island of Grenada, the Island of Dominica, and the Island of New Providence y ab\of one of the Bahama Islands, under the Regulations therein prescribed, may consist of and measure any Num-th^have her of Tons, provided that every such Vessel have not more than one Deck; any Thing in the said Act to butoncLck. the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas it is expedient that Goods or Commodities the Growth or Production of any of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec, and brought into the said Province in Conformity to the Laws of that Province, should be permitted to be imported into this Kingdom, in the same Manner and on the same Terms and Conditions as such Goods and Commodities are now imported from the said Province From July 1, c of Quebec-,' be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred 3790, Goods of an(j njnety5 an Goods and Commodities whatsoever, being the Growth or Production of any of the Coun-the Countries tries bordering on the Province of Quebec, and brought by Land or Inland Navigation, into the said Pro-

bordering on vince, conformably to the Regulations established by Law in the said Province for bringing in the same by

Quebec, import- Land or Inland Navigation, from any of the Countries bordering thereon, shall and may be imported into

ed into that any Part of Great Britain from the said Province of Quebec, and the same respectively shall be admitted to Entry

anc^ charged with Duty, or exempted from Duty in like Manner as such Goods and Commodities respectively

Cre^Briu^nt0 would be charged with, or exempted from Duty, if the same were of the Growth or Production of the said Province from thence. of Quebec, and were imported directly from thence into Great Britain; provided it shall appear, by Certificate, under the Hands and Seals of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and the Naval Officer there, that the same respectively were brought into the Province of Quebec, conformably to the Regulations established by Law in the said Province, by Land or by Inland Navigation,' from the Countries bordering the re-on, and specifying from what Places the same were respectively brought into the said Province; and chat the like Rules, Regulations, Redactions, and Conditions, are observed and performed on their being imported into Great Britain, as are required for the like Goods and Commodities respectively imported into Great Britain from the said Province of Quebec, and under and subject to the like Conditions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and to the like Modes for Recovery and Application thereof.

---

CAP. XXX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

[790,937l.]

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to alter so much of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares; and also so much of another Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain, as relates to the marking of Silver Wares.

[Preamble.]

---

'WHEREAS, by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares, it was amongst other Things enacted, That, from and after the twenty-eighth Day of May one thousand, seven hundred and thirty-nine, no Goldsmith, Silversmith, or other Person whatsoever, making or selling, trading or dealing in, Gold or Silver Wares, should sell, exchange, or expose to Sale, within that Part of Great Britain called England, any Gold or Silver Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Gold or Silver whatsoever, made after the said twenty-eighth of May one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, or export the same out of this Kingdom, until such Time as such Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Gold

(being of the Standard of twenty-two Carrafts of fine Gold per Pound Troy) and such *" Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Silver (being of the Standard of eleven Ounces two Penny-weights of

fine Silver per Pound Troy) should be marked as followeth; (that is to say) with the Mark of the

Worker or Maker thereof, which should be the first Letters of his Christian and Surname, and with these

[Preamble.]

12 Geo. 2. Cap. 26*

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 31. 17

Marks of the Company of Goldsmiths in London; videlicet, the Leopard's Head, the Lion Passant, and a distinct variable Mark or Letter, to denote the Year in which such Plate should be made, or with the Mark of the Worker or Maker, and with the Marks appointed to be used by the Assayer^ at York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, Norwich, or Newcastle upon Tyne; or Plate (being of the Standard of eleven Ounces ten Penny-weight of fine Silver per Pound Weight Troy) with the Mark of the Worker or Maker thereof which should be the first Letters of his Christian and Surname aforesaid, and with these Marks of the said Company; videlicet, the Lion's Head Era fed, the Figure of a Woman commonly called Britannia, and the said Mark or Letter to denote the Year as aforesaid, or with the Mark of the Worker or Maker, and the Marks of one of the said Cities or Towns, upon Pain that every such Goldsmith, Silver- smith, and other Person for every such Offence, should forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as therein-after is mentioned, and for Default of Payment should be committed, by. the Court in which Judgment should be given thereon, to the House of Correction for the County, City,

or Liberty, where convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding the Space of lix Months, or until Payment be made of the said Forfeiture; and in the said Act is contained a Proviso and Declaration, whereby it is provided and declared, that nothing in that Add contained should extend to oblige any of the following Wares of Gobi or Silver to be stamped or marked, by the said respective Companies of Goldsmiths, or any of them, (that is to say), Rings, Collets for Rings or other Jewels, Chains, Necklace Beads, Lockets, hollow or raised Buttons, Sleeve Buttons, Thim- bles, Coral Sockets and Bells, Ferrils, Pipe Lighters, Cranes for Bottles, very small Book Clasps, any Stock or Garter Clasps jointed, very small Nutmeg Graters, Rims of Snuff* Boxes, whereof i'ops or Bottoms are made of Shell or Stone, Hiding Pencils, Toothpick cases, Tweezer cases, Pencil cases,

Needle cases, any Phillagree Work, any Sorts of Tippings or Sv/ages on Stone or Ivory cases, any Mounts, Screws, or Stoppers, to Stone or Glass Bottles or Phials, any small or flight Ornaments put to Amber or other Eggs or Urns, any Wrought Seals, or Seals with Cornelian or other Stones set therein,

or any Gold or Silver Veil'd, Plate, or Manufacture of Gold or Silver, so richly engraved, carved, or chafed, or set with Jewels or other Stones, as not to admit of an Assay to be taken of, or a Mark to be stuck thereon, without damaging, prejudicing, or defacing the same, or such other Things as by Reason of the Smallness or Thinness thereof, are not capable of receiving the Marks in the said Act before mentioned, or any of them, and not weighing ten Penny-weight of Gold or Silver each: And whereas, by a certain other Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported\ and at)o certain Duties on all Geld and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain; it was (amongu other Things)

enacted, That every Working Goldsmith and Silversmith, or other Manufacturer of Gold or Silver whatsoever, who should at any Time or Times after the first Day of December one thousand seven hun- died and eighty-four, work or make, or cause to be wrought or made, any Gold or Silver Vessel, Plate,

or Manufacture of Gold or Silver whatsoever, required to be touched, allayed, and marked by the Company of Goldsmiths in London; or the Company of Goldsmiths in Edinburgh \ or by the Birmingham or Sheffield Companies; or by the Wardens, Assayer or Assayers at York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, Norwich, and Newcastle upon Tyne\ should, from Time to Time, send with every Parcel of such Gold or Silver to the Assay Office of the said respective Companies, Cities, and Places, a Note or Memorandum,

fairly written, containing the Day of the Month and Year, the Christian and Surname of the Worker or Maker, and Place of his or her Abode, and also all the Species in such Parcel of Plate, and the Number of each Species, with the total Weight of such Parcel, and also the Sum of Money payable for the Duty upon the total Weight of such Parcel; and also should, from Time to Time, fend, deliver, and pay,

with every such Parcel, to the Officer belonging to such respective Assay Office, who should receive such Parcel of Gold or Silver so font to be touched, assayed, and marked, the Duty by that Act directed to be paid upon every such Parcel of Gold or Silver so required to be touched, allayed, and marked; and by the said last mentioned Act it was further enacted, That the Wardens, or their Deputy, Allay Master, Weigher, or other Person appointed by the said respective Companies, or Allay Officers, should mark, with the following new Mark, (that is to say) with the Mark of the King's Head, over and besides the several other Marks directed by Law, all and every such Pieces or Parcels of Gold or Silver Plate,

so sent to be touched, marked, and allayed; and by the said last mentioned AcI it is further enabled,

That from and after the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, no Gold- smith, Silversmith, or other Person whatsoever, making or felling, trading or dealing in Gold or Silver Wares, should fell, exchange or expose to Sale, in Great Britain, any Gold or Silver Ycllel, Plate, or Manufacture of Gold or Silver whatsoever, made after the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty- four, or export the same out of the Kingdom of Great Britain, until such Time as such Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Gold, (being of the Standard directed by Law), and such Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture

ot Silver, (being likewise of the Standard directed by Lav/), should be marked with the new Mark

therein-before directed, (that is to say), the King's Head, over and besides all other Marks then already directed by Law to be mark'd or impressed thereon, upon Pain that every such Goldsmith, Silversmith, or other Person so offending, should for every such Essence forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as in the said Act after is directed; and for Default of not paying down the Penalty, upon Conviction, should be committed by the Court, in which Judgment should be given thereon, to the House of Correction for the County, City, Liberty, or Place where convicted, there to remain and to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding the Space of one Year, nor less than six Months, or until Payment be made of the said Forfeiture, and also upon Pain that such Gold and Silver Vessel, Plate, and Manufacture of Gold and Silver, which should be fold, exchanged, or exposed to Sale, with- out having the Mark thereon, as by the said last mentioned Act is directed, should be forfeited, one

Geo. III. Cap. 5J.

18 C. 31. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

D obts upon tl e Confln&ion of the recited Provifoes.

The recited

Pnvifbes to cease a s to Silver Wares.

Persont indemnified who have a fled contrary thereto.

Moiety thereof to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons who should sue for the same; and in the said last mentioned Act is contained a Proviso and Declaration, whereby it is provided and declared, that nothing in that last- mentioned ASt contained should extend to compel any of the Wares of Gold or Silver to be stamped or marked with the Stamp or Mark directed by the said last mentioned Act, which are particularly excepted in the said Act made in the said twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares: And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the true Conirruftion and Meaning of the said Proviso and £)cclaration contained in the aforesaid Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and also as to what Silver Wares are intended, by the said last mentioned Act, and by the aforesaid Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to be excepted from being stamped or marked with the Stamps or Marks directed by the said Acts, or either of them; and divers Silversmiths, and other Persons, making,

selling, trading, or dealing in Silver Wares, have inadvertently, and without meaning or intending to of- fend against the said Acts, or either of them, fold, exchanged, and exposed to Sale, within that Part of Great Britain called England, divers (mail Vessels, Plate, or Manufactures of Silver, being of the Stand- ard directed by Law, made after the twenty-eighth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirty- nine, and not stamped or marked with the following Marks, mentioned in the aforesaid Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, (that is to say) with the Mark of the Worker or Maker thereof (being the first Letters of his Christian and Surname), and with tnefe Marks of the said Company of Goldsmiths in London; videlicet, the Leopard's Heady the Lion Paffnnty and a distinct vari- able Mark or Letter to denote the Year in which such Plate was made, or with the Mark of the Worker or Maker, and with the Marks appointed to be used by the Ailayers at York, Exeter, Bnjto/y Chester,

Norwich, or Newcastle upon Tyne\ and Plate (being of the Standard of eleven Ounces ten Penny-weight of fine Silver per Pound Weight Troy) and not stamped or marked with the Mark of the Worker or Maker thereof (being the first Letters of his Christian and Surname as aforesaid), and with these Marks of the said Company; videlicet, the Lion's Head Erafedy the Figure of a Woman commonly called Britannia, and the said Mark or Letter to denote the Year as aforesaid; or with the Mark of the Worker or Maker, and the Marks of one of the said Cities or Towns; and have sold, exchanged, and exposed to Sale, in Great Britain^ divers other small Vessels, Plate, or Manufactures of Silver, (being of the Standard directed by Law) made alter the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty- four, and not stamped or marked with the new Mark (that is to say), the King's Heady mentioned in the aforesaid Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; whereby divers Penalties. Forfeitures, and Punishments, may have been innocently incurred by such Persons; from which Penalties, Forfeitures and Punishments, it is fit and proper they should respectively be released and indemnified; and it is likewise fit and proper, that the said recited Provisoes and Declarations in the said Acts contained, so far as the same concern Wares of Silver, should cease and determine, and that the said Acts should be amended in several Respects, and other Regulations and Declarations made as to Silver Wares :* May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Proviso and Declaration, in the said Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the not obliging the Wares of Silver therein specifically named or mentioned, and such other Wares or Things of Silver as are therein generally named, mentioned or referred to in any Manner howsoever, to be stamped or marked by the said respective Companies of Goldsmiths, or any of them; and also the said recited Proviso and Declaration in the said Act, made in the twenty fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the not compelling any of the Wares of Silver to be stamped or marked with the Stamp or Mark directed by the said last mentioned Act, which are particularly excepted in the aforesaid Ati made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, shall, from and after the twenty-eighth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety, cease and determine; any Thing in the fjiid Acts of Parliament, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, incurred by any Person or Persons whomsoever, making, felling, trading, or dealing, in Silver Wares, for having on or before the twenty-eighth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety, fold, exchanged, or exposed to Sale, all or any of the Articles or Wares following, made of Silver, being^ of the Standard directed by Law, and not weighing ten Penny-weights of Silver each, or weighing tea Penny-weights of Silver or more each, (that is to say) Rings, Collets for Rings or other Jewels, Chains, Necklace beads, Lockets, hollow or raised Buttons, Sleeve Buttons, Thimbles, Coral Sockets and Bells, f'errils, Pii>e Lighters, Cranes for Bottles, Book Clasps of any Size, any Stock or Garter Clasps jointed. Nutmeg Graters of any Size, Rims of Snuff Boxes whereof l ops or Bottoms are made of Shell or Stone, Sliding Pencils, Toothpick cases, Tweezer cases, Pencil cases, Needle cases, any Phillagree Work, any Sorts of Tippings or Swages oilstone or Ivory cases, any Mounts, Screws, or Stoppers to Stone or Glass Bottles or Phials, any Ornaments put to Amber or other Lggs or Urns, any Wrought Seals, or Seals with Cornelian or other Stones let therein; or any Silver Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Silver, £b richly engraved, carved, or chafed, or set with Jewels or other Stones, as not to admit of an Assay to be taken of, or a Maik to be stuck or (truck thereon, without damaging, prejudicing, or defacing the same, not weighing ten Penny-weights of Silver each, or weighing ten Penny-weights of Silver or more each, or any other Silver Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Silver whatsoever, being of the StanJard directed by Law not weighing ten Penny-weights of Silver each, and not being respectively stamped or marked with the

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 32. 19

Stamps or Marks, or any of them, mentioned in or directed by the said recited Acts, or either of them, shall be, and the said Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, and every of them, are hereby rdeased. and discharged; and all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, against whom 2ny Action of Debt, Kill,

Plaint, or Information, hath been, or shall be brought, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for, or to recover or inflict any such Penalties, Forfeitures, or Punishments, shall be, and is and are hereby wholly and absolutely indemnified, freed, and discharged therefrom, and from and against all and every such Penalties, Forfeitures and Punishments, any Thing in the said Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all and every Person or Persons, against whom any such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, hath been or shall be brought, may plead the General Blue, and upon his her, or their Defence, give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-eighth Day Exemption of of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety, nothing in the said Acts, or either of them, contained, shall ccrfain Silver extend to oblige any of the following Wares of Silver, to be stamped or marked by the said respective Com- Wares from panies of Goldsmiths, or any of them, with the Marks, or any of them, mentioned in the aforesaid Act, Clrg ampL # made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, or to be marked with the said new

Mark of the King's Head, mentioned in the aforesaid Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (that is to say) Chains, Necklace Beads, Lockets, any Phillagrce Work, Shirt Buckles or Broaches, Stamped Medals, or Spouts to China, Stone, or Earthenware Teapots, or any of them, of any Weight whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-eighth Further Excmp. Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety, nothing in the said Acts, or either of them, con- tion# tained, shall extend to oblige any of the following Wares of Silver to be stamped or marked by the said

respective Companies of Goldsmiths, or any of them, with the Marks, or any of them, mentioned in the aforesaid Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, or to be marked with the said new Mark of the King's Head mentioned in the aforesaid Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty ? (that is to say) Tippings, Swages, or Mounts, or any of them, not weighing ten Penny-weights of Silver each, save and except only Necks and Collars for Castors, Cruets, or Grades, appertaining to any Sort of Stands or Frames.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-eighth FartherExemp-Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety, nothing in the said Acts, or either of them, contained, tlon#

(halt extend to oblige any Wares of Silver whatsoever, not weighing five Penny-weights of Silver each, to be marked or stamped by the said respective Companies of Goldsmiths, or any of them, with the Marks, or any of them, mentioned in the aforesaid Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, or to be marked with the said new Mark of the King's Head, mentioned in the aforesaid Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, save and except or Hy the following Silver Wares, (that is to say), Necks, Collars, and Tops for Castors, Cruets, or Glafies, appertaining to any Sort of Stands or Frames, Buttons to be affixed to or set on any Wearing Apparel, solid Sleeve Buttons, and (olid Studs, not having a Biffiled Edge soldered on. Wrought Seals, Blank Seals, Bottle Tickets,

Shoe Clasps, Patch Boxes, Salt Spoons, Salt Shovels, Salt Ladles, l ea Spoons, Tea Strainers, Caddy Ladles, Buckles, (Shirt Buckles or Broaches before mentioned excepted), and Pieces to garnish Cabinets, or Knife cases, or Tea Chests, Bridles, or Stands, or Frames.

[Public Act.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the lame.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

2,300,000l, may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund for the Service of the current Year, which may be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of the said Fund. Money lent on Security of this Act not to be rated to any Tax. Tallies of Loan to be struck, &c. Orders for Re-payment to be registered and paid in Course. No Fee to be taken for registering, tffr. on Penalty of treble Damages, with Costs. Not to be deemed undue Preference which Orders of the same Date brought the same Day, are entered first, so they are all entered; nor if subsequent Orders are paid before prior ones not brought for M Payment, if Money be reserved to discharge them. Orders assignable. The Commissioners of the Treasury may order the Sum hereby granted to be raised by Exchequer Bills, in the Manner prescribed by the Malt Ad of this Session; the Provisions of which Ad (except such as charge the Bills on the Malt Duty, and limit the Rate of Interest) to extend to this. Bills and interest, &c. to be discharged out of the Consolidated Fund. Bank may advance Money on the Credit of this Act, 621,151l. is. % d. zq.

Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, on April 5, 1790, and 34,000l. of Foreign Secret Service Money,

to be applied towards the Supply. Monies raised by the Malt Ad, Land Tax Ad, Loans, £,500,000l.

Further Loans, 2,000,000l.; Lottery, Vote of Credit, 1,000,000l.; 621,151l. 1;. 3 d. zq. Surplus of w Consolidated Fund; 34,000l. of Foreign Secret Service Money, and 2,300,000l. hereby eranted out of Consolidated Fund, shall be applied (wkh the Residue of the Sale of French Prizes) to the Uses hereafter

20 C. 33. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

expressed. 2,233,636l. ij s. 1t d. for Naval Services for 1790. 200,000l. to pay off Navy Debts.

1,57;/. 4;. id. for Land Service of the Ordnance, prior to Dec. 31, 1783. 13,869l. os. 6d. for

w Land Service of the Ordnance in 1788. 418,207l. 17l. 5 d. for Land Service of Ordnance, for 1790.

23,7 95l. 16 r. yd. for Sea Service of Ordnance in.1788. i, S74,o-,4l. 18 j. 5 d. 17. for Land Forces

for 1790; viz. 578,s62l. 14s. id. for 17,448 effective Men, Officers, &c. in Great Britain, &c. 44 317.349A 16s. for Forces in the Plantations, &c. 8,245l. ior i d. I)ifiercncc between British and Irish Establishments, &c. 11,435l. 1 is. 10d. zq. for Regiments serving in the East Indies. 64,500l. 44 for recruiting Land Forces and Contingencies. io, So3l. 7 s. i d. 3 q. for furperriumerary Officers. 44 6,409l. 8 s. for General and Staff Officers in Britain. 63,276l. 5 s. 8./. to the Paymaster General, Se-4t cretary at War, &c. 162.797l. 185. 4 d. for reduced Oiiicers of the Land forces and Marines. 44 202l. is. 8 d. to reduced Officers, &c. of the Horse Guards. 55.092l. 10s. for reduced Officers of the Briti/J) American Forces, and 4,907l. ior. for Allowances to them. 3,392l. 14s. 2d. for the Officers late in the Service of the States General. 3,411 /. 141. \d. for Major Grcjd s Corps. 180,938l. 44 19y. 6d. for Chelsea Hospital. 0/991l. 9s. 3 d. for Widows Pennons. 56,093 /. 15 to the Landgrave of life. 336,458l. 12 s. 4 d. for Extraordinaries of the Army in 1789. 3,500,000l. to discharge Exchequer Bills, 29 Geo. 3. 2,000,000l. to discharge further ditto. 48,424l. 1 55. 3d. issued in pursuance of

Addresses of the House of Commons. 1,000,000l. for Augmentation of the Forces. 6,376l. lys. 6l. for the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia. 4,400l. for Aviv Brunswick. 1,840l. for Saint John in America. 44 2,100l. for Cape Breton. 1,182l. ro s. for Newfoundland. 4,080l. for the Bahama funds. 580l. to the Chief JuUice of Bermuda. 6001, to the Chief Justice of Dominic/7. 4.558l. ys. 8 d. for New

South Wales. 13,000l. for Forts in Africa. 4,859l. 1 s. 8 /. for Roads and Bridges in the Highlands.

238,279l. gs. 2d. 2 q. for American Sufferers, &c. 6, SSS/. 7 s. 6d. issued to H. Bradley Esq. for

ConvKts at Plymouth. 33,228l. ki. 6d. illlied to D. Gmiphell Esq. for Convicts on the Thames. 44 500 /. issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners under the Slave Act. 200l. issued to the Secretary to the Commissioners for enquiring into Loiles in Ball Florida. 1,900l. issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners for enquiring into Losses of American Loyalists. 2,951 /. 1 j. 10d. Expences of Trial of

IV. Hastings Esq. i,oooo/. issued for Expences of enquiring into the Emoluments of the Officers of the Customs. 1,632l. 6s. id. iq. issued to T. Cotton Esq. to pay Bills of Exchange. 3,162l. 51. 6d. paid to 44 T. Dundas and J. Pemberton, Esqrs. 30,520l. lys. id. for extraordinary Expences of the Mint in 44 1788. 51,638l. 6j. lid. for Provisions, &c. sent to South I Vales. 910l. for printing Reports on the

African Trade. 35,785l. 13 s. 6. d. for Relief of American Suilcrers. 49,556l. lys. 6d. for Lands in Georgia ceeded to the Americans. 231,517l. 12l. 2d. 17. for Deficiency of Grants, 1789. By 44 29 Geo. 3. Cap. 61. a Sum not exceeding 172,787l. 5 s. 5d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced Officers for 1789. The Overplus of which Sum to be disposed of to Officers maimed, &c. or to their Widows and Children, as his Majesty shall direct.

From A of I, 1790 noVefTcl clearing out from Great Britain, to carry SUvc* from Africa in greater Numbers than herein specified.

Vesselt to be deemed of the Tonnage set forth in their Certificates of Regirtry.

of Vessell to forfeit ^ol.for every

---

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to amend and continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[28 Geo. 3. c. 54. recited.]

intituled An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the pippin? and carrying Slaves in Bricdh Vessels k from the Co ajl of Africa, which, by an Act made in the lull Session of Parliament, was amen Jed and further continued until the tirit Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety: And whereas it is expedient to continue and amend the said last mentioned Act:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[

That it shall not be lawful for any Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any British Ship or Vessel whatever, which shall clear out from any Port of this Kingdom, from and after the full Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to have on Board at any one Time, or to convey, carry, brin?> or transport Slaves from the Coast of Africa to any Part beyond Sea, in any such Ship or Vessel, in any greater Number than in the Proportion of five such Slaves for every three Tons of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel* so far as the Lid Ship or Vessel ill ill not exceed two hundred and one Tons, and moreover of one such Slave for every additional Ton of such Ship or Vessel over and above the said Burthen of two hundred and one Tons -or Male Slaves who shall exceed four Feet four Inches in Height, in any greater Number than in the Proportion of one such Male Slave to everyone Ton of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, so far as the said Ship or Vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons, and moreover of three such Male Slaves, who shall exceed the said Height of four Feet four Inches, for every additional five Tons of such Ship or Vessel, over and above the said Burthen of two hundred, and one Tons; and every such Ship or Vessel shall be deemed and taken to be of such Tonnage or Burthen as is described and set forth in the respective Certificate of the Registry of each and every such Ship or Vessel, granted in pursuance of an Act made in the twenty-sixth \ ear of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further lucre je and Encouragement zr Shipping and Navigation; and it any such Matter, or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall act contrary hereto, such Matter or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for each and every such

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 33. 21

Slave, exceeding in Number the Proportions herein-before limited; one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof shall go to any Person or Persons who shall first sue for the same: Provided always, That if there shall be in any such Ship or Vessel any more than two-fifth Parts of the Slaves who shall be Children, and who shall not exceed four Feet four jnches in Height, then every five such Children (over and above the aforesaid Proportion of two-fifths) shall be deemed and taken to be equal to four of the said Slaves, within the true intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to the Case of a Ship taking on board any Number of Slaves that shall be found lhipwrccked, or trom on board any either Ship or Vessel where, by reason of Mutiny or Insurrection among the Slaves, or the Crew, or by Failure of Hands, or by any actual Distress of the Vessel, the Mailer or Commander shall be doubled from governing the Ship, or continuing the Voyage, the Proof of which shall lie upon the Mailer or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel so taking on board such Slaves.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Arrival of any such Ship or Vessel in any Island in the West Indies, belonging to or under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, from the Coast of Africa, carrying or conveying any such Slaves as aforesaid, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, before any of the said Slaves shall be unshipped or landed from such Ship or Vessel, repair to the nearest Custom House, and there declare on Oath, before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same) the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, and shall at the same Time shew to such Officer the Certificate of the Registry thereof, and shall also deliver to the said Officer upon Oath (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same) an exact and true Account of the greatest Number of such Slaves (distinguishing the Number of Males and Females, and specifying the Number of such Slaves as shall exceed the aforesaid Height of four Feet four Inches), who are or shall have been at any one Time in or on board such Ship or Vessel, before, when, or after such Ship or Vessel quitted or departed from the Coast of Africa for that Voyage; and if such Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel shall unship or land, or shall cause to be unshipped or landed, or shall wilfully permit or suffer to be unshipped or landed, any such Slaves, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Master or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every such Offence, and one Moiety of the said Forfeiture shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety shall go to the Person or Persons who shall first sue for the same; and it shall and may be lawful for such Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, and he is hereby required to search, or to cause Search to be made in every Part of such Ship or Vessel, to see and to take an Account of the Number of such Slaves on board such Ship or Vessel, and to specify in such Account the Number of Males and Females, and also the Number of Slaves not exceeding four Feet four Inches in Height, and without Delay to transmit such Account, attested under his Hand and Seal, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in London, under the Penalty of five honderd Pounds: Provided always, That in case the said Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs shall be absent, or that there shall be no such Officer in any such Island where the said Ship shall arrive as aforesaid, or in case there shall be no other Officer of the Revenue, then any Civil Officer in the said Island shall be, and he is hereby authorised and required, upon Application as aforesaid, to administer the said Oath to such Master or other Person taking or having the Charge of such Vessel, and to receive the said Declaration of the Burthen of such Ship as aforesaid, and to perform all the other Duties aforesaid which the said Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs is hereby required to perform.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, wh c 1 shall be cleared out from any Port in Great Britain, alter the first: Day of Au«ujl one thousand Oven hundred and ninety, to take or have on board such Ship or Vessel, or convey, carry, bring, or transport any Slaves from the Co2ft of Africa to any Parts beyond the Seas, in any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, unless such Ship or Vessel shall, at the Time of her so clearing out, have been entered for such Purpose at the Custom House of the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel cleared out, and unless the Surgeon of or belonging to such Ship or Vessel shall have given Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall have left "the same in the Hands of the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs in the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel shall depart for such Voyage to the Coast of Africa, in the penal Sum of one hundred Pounds, with Condition that such Surgeon shall keep a regular and true Journal, containing an Account of the greatest Number of Slaves which shall have been, at any Time during such Voyage, on board such Ship or Vessel, from the Time of the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel on the Coast of Africa as aforesaid, until her Arrival at the Port of her Delivery, distinguishing the Number of Males and Females, and of the Deaths of any such Slaves or Crew of the said Ship or Vessel, and of the Cause thereof, during the Voyage, from the first Departure of the said Ship or Vessel, to her Arrival on the Coast of Africa, during her Stay on the said Coast, and after her Departure from thence to the said Port of Delivery, or during such Time as such Surgeon (Ball have been on board such Slnp or Vessel; and that the said Surgeon shall deliver such Journal to the Collector or other Officer as aforesaid, at the first British Port where such Ship or Vessel shall arrive after leaving the Coast of Africa, and shall make Oath to the Truth of such Journal, to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief, before such Collector or other Officer as atoielaid, who is hereby authorised and required to administer the said Oath; and such Collector or other Officer as aforesaid thail deliver to such Mailer or other Person as aforesaid, and to such Surgeon respectively, Copies of the Oath of such Matter or other Person as aforesaid, and also of the said journal, which Copies shall severally be atteiled (as true copies) by such Collector or other Officer as aforesaid under his Hand and Seal; and Duplicates of the

21

Slave exceeding the limited Number.

If more than two. fifths of the Slave' be Children. five of the Sur plu* to be dtemed equal to 0 ur Slave*, Sic.

Mjfler* of Vef-

ftfo before they land any Shve* in the West Indie?, to declare upon Oath before the Officer of the Cnf-pm;, the Burthen of the Vessel, &c. i

and if they land Slaves contrary hereto, to forfeit 5CO I.

Officer of the Customs to rake an Account of the Slaves on board such Vt fft Is See. on Penalty of 50l. Wh* re there I. no C fiicer of the Customs, a..y Civil Officer to rective the Oath o; die Mailer, See,

No Vessel ro cany. ny Slaves, unleh en.ered for that Pui pefe at cleat ing out, and unless the Surgeon give Bond to keep a Journal of the Slave* during the Voyage;

which Journal

is to br de'-ive ci to ibe OlTit 1 r of 11.c Customs, it the firl Hr it ah f'cit of Arrival, &c.

Officer of deliver to the M jf-tcr a Copy ul

22 C. 33. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

Oath, and to the Surgeon a Copy of his Journal, and trjnsmit Duplicates to the Commissioners of the Customs.

Master* or Surgeons ailing con'rary hereto, to forfeit icol.

Jf Penilry on Masters be not. paid within 14 Days, their Vessels may be seized and fold.

Where Penalties may be iued for.

The upper and low^r C<-bin, and <hc Space between Decks, to be allotted to the Slaves, &c.

If any Person take the Command of a Vessel, who is not qualified ai herein dirr^ed, he and also (he Owner shall forfeit 560 i»

No Insurance to be made against any Lofa, ei-cepc the Perils of the Sea, &c.

Vessel to be cleared out (hat bas not a Surgeon who has passed his Examination, &c.

said Copies, attested in like Manner, shall be transmitted by the said Collector, or other Chief Officer, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in London; and if such Matter, or Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall carry his Cargo of Slaves to, and land the Whole, or any Part, in any Port or Ports not subject to the Crown of Great Britain, and shall afterwards arrive at any British llland or Port, having delivered his Whole or any Part of his said Cargo, such Master or other Person, and also the Surgeon of such Ship or Vessel, shall make the same Declaration, deliver in the same Journal to, and take the same Oaths before, the Collectors, or other Chief Officers of the Customs, or Civil Officer of the llland or Port, and receive the same attested Certificate, in like Manner as if he had first arrived at such llland or Port; and if the said Ship or Vessel shall not arrive at any British llland or Port before her Return to Great Britain, then the said Master or other Person, and Surgeon, shall make the said Declaration, deliver in the said Journal to, and take the said Oaths before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port where they (hill first land (which the Collector or other Chief Officer is hereby impowered and required to receive and administer), and the said Collector or other Chief Office shall forthwith transmit the same to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in London \ and if such Master or Surgeon shall act contrary hereto, such Master or Surgeon shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof shall go to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Master, or other Person having or taking Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, shall be convicted of any one of the said Offences beforementioned, and shall not, within the Space of fourteen Days, pay, or cause to be paid, into the Hands of the proper Officer of the Court wherein the Offence shall be prosecuted, in order that the same may be applied in Manner herein directed, the Amount of the Penalty on such Conviction, it shall and may be lawful for any Admiral, or other Commander at Sea, of any of the Ships of War, or other Ship having Commission from his Majesty, or from his Heirs or Successors, or for any Governor of any Island or Plantation to his Majesty belonging in America or the West Indies, or for any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, to seize and detain the said Ship or Vessel wherever found, and to convey the same to the Custom House nearest to the Place where she shall be found; and the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs at such Custom House, shall, and he is hereby required to cause every such Ship or Vessel to be sold publicly by Auction, and the Produce arising by Sale thereof to apply towards satisfying the said Penalty; and if there shall remain any Overplus, to pay the same to such Person or Persons as shall prove his, her, or their Property therin, or to his, her or their lawful Assigns.

[

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in any Court of Vice Admiralty in any Part of America, or in any Island in the West Indies, wherein any such Offence shall have been committed, or wherein any such Ship or Vessel shall have disposed of the Whole or any Part of het Cargo, or in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh.

[

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Ship or Vessel the upper as well as the lower Cabin, and the Space between Decks, shall be allotted and properly prepared for the Reception of such Slaves; and that after any such Ship or Vessel shall have taken two-third Parts of her Complement of Slaves on board, in the Proportions herein-before limited, no Goods, Wares, or Merchandise shall ever be stowed or put in any such Cabin or Place, in which any such Slaves shall be.

[

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety, it shall not be lawful for any Person to become a Master, or take or have the Command or Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, at the Time he shall clear out from any Port of Great Britain, for purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, unless such Master or Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel shall have made Oath, and delivered in to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall clear out, a Certificate, attested by the respective Owner or Owners, that he has already served in such Capacity during one Voyage, or shall have served as Chief Mate or Surgeon during the whole of two Voyages, or either as Chief or other Mate during three Voyages, in purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, under Pain that such Master or other Person, taking or having the Charge or Command of any Such Ship or Vessel, and also the Owner or Owners who shall hire or employ such Person, shall for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

[

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety, it shall not be lawful for any Owner or Owners of any such Ship or Vessel to insure any Cargo of Slaves, or any Part thereof, on board the same, against any Loss or Damage, save and except the Perils of the Sea, Piracy, Insurrection, or Capture by the King's Enemies, Barratry of the Master and Crew, and Destruction by Fire; and that all and every Policy of Insurance hereafter made contrary to this Act, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

[

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Ship or Vessel shall be allowed to clear out, unless it shall appear to the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port that there is one Surgeon at least engaged to proceed on board such Ship or Vessel, and unless such Surgeon shall have produced and delivered to such Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs, a Certificate or Warrant of his having passed his Examination at Surgeons Hall, or at some Public or County Hospital, or at the Royal College of Physicians, or Royal College of Surgeons in Edinburgh, or shall have served as Surgeon

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 33. 23

or Surgeon's Mate in his Majesty's Fleet or Armies, of which Certificate or Warrant the said Collector or other principal Officer shall give to the said Surgeon an attested Copy, gratis.

[

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall be made appear, to the Satisfaction of the Collector or other principal Officer of the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall be discharged, that there shall not have died more than in the Proportion of two Slaves in the hundred, from the Time of the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel on the Coast of Africa, to the Time of her Arrival at her Port of Discharge in any of the Islands of the West Indies belonging to, or under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in such Case the Collector or other principal Officer shall and he is hereby authorised and required to make out Certificates, specifying the Number of Slaves that appear to have been taken on board the said Ship or Vessel, and the Number that have died within the Period above-mentioned, one of which Certificates shall be delivered to the Master, and the other to the Surgeon of such Ship or Vessel; and on Production of such Certificates the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, shall and they are hereby authorised and required to direct the Sum of one hundred Pounds to be paid to the Master, and the Sum of fifty Pounds to be paid to the Surgeon of such Ship or Vessel, out of any Money that shall be in the Hands of the Receiver General of the Customs of England and Scotland respectively; or if it shall be made appear to the Collector or other principal Officer as aforesaid, that there shall not have died more than in the Proportion of three Slaves in the hundred, from the Time of the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel on the Coast of Africa, to the Time of her Arrival at her Port of Discharge in any of the said West India Islands, in such Case the Collector or principal Officer as aforesaid shall, and he is hereby required and authorised to make out like Certificates, and to deliver one to the Master, and the other to the Surgeon of Such Ship or Vessel, and the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, on Production of such Certificates, to direct the Sum of fifty Pounds to be paid to the Master, and the Sum of twenty-five Pounds to be paid to the Surgeon of such Ship or Vessel.

XI. And whereas it is just and warrantable that Compensation should be made to Individuals who may have sustained Losses in consequence of the Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa;' be it further enacted, That Brook Watson Esquire, Samuel Beachcroft Esquire, and William Roe Esquire, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purpose of enquiring into any Losses which may have been sustained in consequence of the aforesaid Act, by any Merchants or Owners of any Ships or Vessels engaged in the African Trade, who shall have made Application to the said Commissioners before the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight; and that all Persons having made such Applications shall, on or before the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety, lay before the said Commissioners full Statements of the Grounds of their respective Claims, specifying the Particulars of all the Expences, net Proceeds, Profits, or Losses attending the Voyage or Adventure in respect of which such Application shall have been made, together with all such Circumstances as shall appear to the said Commissioners necessary for their Information, in order to ascertain the Losses of the Persons so applying; and the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall have Power to examine upon Oath, touching the Matters of the said Claims, all Persons whom the said Commissioners shall think fit, and all Persons are hereby directed and required punctually to attend the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as they shall appoint; and the said Commissioners, as soon as they shall have compleated* the Examination of the several Claims laid before them, shall determine the Amount of the Losses which bona fide have been sustained by any of the said Claimants, in consequence of the aforesaid Act, and which the said Claimants shall not have been able to avoid, and shall report, as soon as conveniently may be, to both Houses of Parliament, what Compensation shall appear to the said Commissioners to be reasonable to be made to such Claimants; and the said Commissioners, before they proceed to take any Step in pursuance of this Act, shall take an Oath before the Master of the Rolls for the Time being, or one of his Majesty's Justices of the Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or one of the Barons of the Exchequer (which they or either of them are hereby authorised and required to administer), in the Form following; (that is to say,)

Commissioners to enquire into Loftet sustained in consequence of 28 Geo. 3. c. 54. by PCr-f ns who have applied prior to $ept. I, 1788.

Such Persons by Aug. 1, 1:90, to Uy belore the Commissioner# the Groun Js of the;r Claims,&c*

Commissioners to determine the Amount of Losses, and repoit to Parliament the Compensation to be made*

Commissioner* to take the following

I A.B. do swear, That, according to the best ?ny Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully and impartially execute Oath.

the several Powers and Trufis vejled in ?ne by virtue of an Act, intituled, An Act to amend and continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament, for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Trea- Treasury to or-surer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, is and are hereby authorised and requireu to issue der 2,000l. o be and cause to be paid all such Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds, to such Person or Per- ifPucd for <he suns as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direct, out of any Part of the £iYrks public Monies remaining in his Majesty's Exchequer; which Sum so iilucd and paid shall be employed for crxiS>tCC* the Payment of Clerks, Messengers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and in such iManner and in such Proportions as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals in that Behalf, the same to be accounted for, by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be issued and paid, according to the Course of his Majesty's Exchequer, without any Fee or other Charges to be taken or demanded for the

24 C. 33. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

His Majesty to appoint to Vacant e? ot Commi i!i^r.cr«duf ing the Recess of Pailiainem*

Before any Vessel is cleared Outward®, the Matter, Ofic-rs, and Mariners, t>» execute article* ot Agreement in the Forms hereunto annexed j

and no other F<vm to be used on Penalty of 50 1.

Muster Roll to be rrguiarly kept; Scc.

Penal's for sinning ta'fe Muller Rolls, &c.

No Officer, &c. to be turned ovrr or dif-char^ed, hut nn-drt ' he Cirrum-ft^n e» herein mentioned.

No Slops, &c. to be supplied beyond one-fourth of the M-ntoly Wa^cf. Reg'iVions with regard to Officers £c. behaving in a riotous, frditi-ous, or mutinous Manner.

Matter to cause a printed Abflraft of this Act, fee. to be bung up in the moll public Place in his VessVl, 00 Pe-Baity of 20 1*

issuing and Payment of the same, or on the parting of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and which Money so issued shall not be subject to any Tax, Duty, Rate, or Afflfment whatsoever, imposed by Authority of Parliament.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies by Death or Resignation of any one or more of the said Commissioners, during the Recels of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as he may think proper to supply such. Vacancy or Vacancies, and that every Person so nominated and appointed shall be held and considered to be inverted with all the same Powers as are delegated to the Commissioners appointed by this Act.

XIV. And, for the better Regulation, Encouragement, and Preservation of the Health of the Officers and Seamen employed in Ships and Vessels trading to the Coast of Africa for Slaves, and from thence to the West Indies and America, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety, before any Ship or Vessel proceeds to sea, the Master, Officers, and Mariners, shall sign and execute Articles of Agreement, and a Muster Roll, in the Presence of, and witnessed by the Clearing Officer and one of the Tidesmen of the Port from whence the Ship departs; and a Duplicate of the Articles of Agreement and Muster Roll, duly signed and executed, shall be delivered to the aforesaid Clearing Officer, in order to its being lodged with the proper Officer in the Custom House, according to the Forms hereunto annexed, which Agreement shall be conclusive to all Parties for the Time contracted for; and no other Form whatsoever of Articles of Agreement or Muster Roll shall be used, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds, one Half to be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, and the other Half to the Informer, or other Person who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Continuation of the Muster Roll shall be regularly and duly kept during the Voyage; also a Log Book, wherein all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Charges against any Officer or Seaman shall be regularly entered and signed by the Master, Chief Mate, and Surgeon, and delivered in upon Oath, together with the Muster Roll, on the Arrival of the Ship or Vessel at her discharging Port in Great Britain, to the Collector or other Chief Officer thereof; and if any Master, Chief Mate, or Surgeon, shall be convicted of signing false Muster Rolls, Articles of Agreement, or Log Book, he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and shall also suffer six Months Imprisonment.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, shall be turned over or discharged, upon any Pretence whatsoever, unless into his Majesty's Ships of War, or to assist a Ship in actual Distress, which is to be certified by the principal Officers of both Ships concerned, and an Agreement made in Writing with the said Officer or Men so lent, or upon Preferment, or under ill state of Health, with the Consent of the Party, for which a Certificate shall be given from the Captain of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels (if any are present), or, in their Absence, two Justices of the Peace, or the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Place or Port where such Ship or Vessel shall be, or shall first arrive; which Certificate shall be returned with the Muster Roll and Log Book, on the Arrival of the Ship at her delivering Port in Great Britain.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Master, Commander, or other Person shall supply the Officers or Mariners, Seamen, or Seafaring Men, with more Slops, Tobacco, Spirits, or any other Article whatsoever, than to the Amount of one-fourth Part of the monthly Wages of such Officer, Mariner, Seaman, or Seafaring Man.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, shall behave in a riotous, seditious, or mutinous Manner, it shall be lawful for the Commander or Commanding Officer to put such Officer, Mariner, or Seaman into Confinement for a Time not exceeding twenty-four Hours, before the same is reported to the Captain or Commander of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels (being present, or within a convenient Distance), who is hereby authorised to inquire into the Cause of such Complaint, and to examine upon Oath, if found necessary, and to grant such Relief and Remedy therein as the Circumstances of the Case may require; and in case none of his Majesty's Ships are present, the Cause of Complaint shall be fully examined into by the Master and two Officers, in the Presence of the Ship's Company; and if it shall be judged necessary for the Safety of the Ship and Cargo to continue the Offender or Offenders in Confinement, such Determination shall be drawn up in Writing, with the Reasons for coming to such Resolution stated at large, and signed by the Master and two Officers, which they are hereby enjoined, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds, to report without Delay to the Captain or Commander of the first Ship or Vessel belonging to his Majesty they may fall in with, and in default thereof to report the same to the Governor or Chief Officer of any British Fort on the Coast of Africa, or to the Governor of any of the British West India Islands, on their Arrival at any Port or Road therein, that such Measures may be taken to bring the Offender or Offenders to Justice as the Nature of the Case will admit.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, shall cause a printed Abstract of this Act, and also a Copy of the Schedule (A), and of the Muster Roll, respectively annexed to this Act, to be hung up and affixed to the most publick Place of such Ship or Vessel; and shall cause the same to be constantly kept and renewed, so that at all Times they may be accessible to the Officers and Seamen on board of such Ship or Vessel, upon pain that every such Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, who shall neglect to affix and renew the same, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 33. 25

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, charged with Mutiny or Sedition, shall be delivered over or taken into Custody by the Order of the Governor or Chief Officer of any Fort on the Coast of Africa, or the Governor of any of the Islands in the British JVcJi Indies, a full Statement, upon Oath (which they are hereby impowered to administer), shall be made out and lodged with the said Governor, together with the Names of the Witnesses who are to support the Charge alledged against the Prisoner or Prisoners, in order to their being sent Home for Trial in the High Court of Admiralty for the Offence or Offences alledged against him or them; and in case the said Master or Commander of the said Ship or Vessel shall neglect to appear at the Trial, upon being duly summoned, or public Notice of Trial being given in the London Gazette, he shall not only be nonsuited, but shall incur such further Penalty as the Court shall adjudge.

If mutinros Officers, &c. be taken inio Custody by Order of a Governor in Africa, or the West Indies, a S'atement, upon Oath, to be lodg'-d wi' h t'r.e Governor, & and if the M.*f-

ter does not appear at the Trial, he shall incur such Penalty as ihe Coutt shall arju 'ge.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Arrival of every Ship or Vessel at her discharging Port in Great Britain, the Officers and Seamen therein shall be continued in full Pay and Provisions until the Ship is cleared Inwards, or their Accounts settled and paid; and that all Wages due to Run Men shall be forfeited and paid, one half to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, and the other half to the Merchants Hospital of the Port to which such Ship belongs; and all other Forfeitures shall be applied as is specified in the Articles of Agreement; any Custom, Law, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Offence committed in Breach or Violation of this Act, may be tried in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, in any County in England wherein any such Offence shall have been committed, or, in case such Offence shall have been committed on the Seas, or in Parts beyond the Seas, then in such County within which the Ship on board which such Offence shall have been committed shall have cleared out, or in the County of Middlesex; and any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by this Act, may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, in any Court of Record in Great Britain, and in every such Action or Suit the Party against whom Judgment shall be given (whether Plaintiff or Defendant) shall pay double Costs of Suit; and every such Action shall and may be brought at any Time within three Years after the Offence committed, and not afterwards, and every such Action shall be carried on without wilful Delay.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, taking any Oath by this Act authorised or required to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, or if any Person shall unlawfully procure or suborn any Person to take any Oath, by this Act authorised or required to be taken, whereby such Person shall commit wilful Perjury, every such Person shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are by Law inflicted upon Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury, or Subornation of Perjury.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force till the first of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and no longer, except for the Purpose of trying or suing any Person in consequence of any Offence or Offences committed in Breach or Violation of this Act, or hearing and determining upon such causes and Claims as shall have been made or come before the Commissioners appointed by this Act, for Compensation for Losses sustained under the Regulations of and within the Time limited by this Act, or any other Act or Acts herein before mentioned.

Officer*;, &c. ro continu- ia Pav till 1 he VofTel's cleared Inwatds* Wages of Run Men to go to Greenwich Hospital, dec.

Where Offences may he fried, and Penaliiei sued for.

Limitation of Actions.

PerGns taking false Oaths, to incur the Pains of Perjury, &c.

Conunuance of this Act.

SCHEDULE (A.)

ARTICLES of Agreement between the Master, Officers, Mariners, Seamen, and Seafaring Men of the Ship bound from the Port of upon an intended Voyage

to the Coast of Africa, for from thence to the West Indies, or America, and afterwards to in Great Britain, or to her delivering Port in Europe.

FIRST, The Master docs hereby covenant, agree, and engage with the said Officers, Seamen, Seafaring JP Men, Landsmen, and Boys, That he wiil pay, or cause to be paid, to each and every of them, at the Rate of the Wages per Month, Sterling Value, as against each Person's Name is expressed in the Muster Rdi.

Secondly, The said Master does further agree and engage with the said Officers, Mariners, Seamen, Seafaring Men, Landsmen, and Beys, that they shall be daily and regularly supplied with good and wholesome Victuals, and a Portion of Wine or Spirits, as hereafter specified; the said Provisions to be issued and dressed in the usual Manner in which it is done on Board his Majesty's Ships of War, and served out to the Ship's Company in the Manner following; viz. to each Man on

Sunday, ‘ —

Monday, — Tuesday, —

One Pound and an half of Beef, containing sixteen Qunces to the Pound, and a Pint of Flour.

One Pound of Pork, containing sixteen Ounces to the Pound, and half a Pint of Pease.

One Pint of Oatmeal, and two Ounces, of Butter, and four Ounces of Cheese; or, one Pound of Stock Fish, with one-eighth of a Pint of Oil, and a quarter of a Pint of Vinegar, in lieu of Butter and Cheese.

26 C. 33. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

Wednesday, - The same as Monday.

Thursday, - The same as Sunday.

Friday, - The same as Tuesday.

Saturday, - The same as Monday.

Each Person, besides, to have six Pounds of Bread per Week; and a quarter of a Pint of Spirits, or half a Pint of Wine, togetr.er with of Water, per Day, during the Voyage.

In lieu of Peale and Oatmeal may be served Rice, Indian Corn, Yams, or Calavances.

In case of being put to Short Allowance, the Master, Officers, and Seamen are to be at the same Allowance of Provisions or Water, and to be allowed Short Allowance Money, at the Rate of three-pence per Day if at I'wo-thirds Allowance, and four-pence half-penny per Day, per Man, if at Half Allowance, and to be paid their Short Allowance Money ten Days before the Vessel fails from the Indies or America.

And it is hereby further covenacted and agreed by and between the said Parties, That the Master of the said Ship, at his or the Owners proper Cost and Charge, will hire and employ the Natives in their Craft, to wood and water the said Ship, during her Continuance on the Coast of Africa, if such Natives can be procured, under the Diiection of a Patron belonging to the said Ship.

And it is further agreed on the Part of the said Master, That whenever the Officers and Seamen are employed trading in Craft up the Rivers, that the said Master will, on the Part of the Owners, furnish the Parties so employed with a sufficient Quantity of painted Canvas, Tarpawling for an Awning, and Provisions for the Time, in the Proportion, per Diem, as is set forth in the foregoing Article, with proper Uten-fils and Fire to dress the same, and upon Failure thereof, for every such Neglect he shall forfeit double the

Value of Provisions.

The said Master docs further agree and engage, That there shall be a Space reserved for half the Ship's

Company to lhdter themselves, while the Slaves are on Board; if a Frigate-built Ship, it shall be under

the halt Deck; or in the Steeerage, or under a standing Awning of Wood, well caulked, in any other

Ship or Vessel.

It is hereby further agreed by the said Master, That he will not, upon any Pretence whatsoever, turn over or discharge any of the Officers or Ship's Company belonging to the said Ship, unless on Promotion^ or to assist a Ship actually in Distress, and not then,- unless properly certified as before expressed in this Act: And the said Master does hereby further agree to advance one Month's Pay to the Officers and Ship's Company before the said Ship departs from Great Brit, at the Time of settling the River or Harbour Pay; and that the Monthly Wages shall commence from that Period: And it is further agreed by the said Mailer, That he will pay, or cause to be paid, one Month's Pay after the Landing of the Slaves in the West Indies or America, ten Days before the Sailing of the said Ship in Homeward-bound Passage: And also the said Master engages to make the general Signal for failing tweiuy-lour Hours before the Departure of the said Ship; videlicet, by loosing the Fore Top Sail and firing a Gun.

And we the Officers, Mariners, Seamen, Seafaring Men, Landsmen, and Boys, in consideration of the Monthly or other Wages, foregoing Stipulations and Engagements, do severally promi.e and agree, and bind ourselves by those Presents to behave with due Subordination and Respect, and to obey the lawful Commands of our Commander or superior Officers on Board the said Ship, or Boats thereunto belonging, as becomes good and faithful Seamen and Mariners, and at all Places where the said Ship shall touch at, or put into, or anchor, during the said Voyage, to do our utmost Endeavours for the Preservation of the said Ship and Cargo; and not to neglect or rofufe doing our Duty by Night or by Day; nor go out of the said Ship on board any other Vessel, or be on Shore, under any Pretence whatsoever, without Leave first obtained of our Commander or Commanding Officer on Board: And further, That we will, on no Account whatsoever, leave or desert the said Ship without the Matter's Consent (unless to serve on Board any of his Majesty's Ships) till the abovd'aid Voyage be ended, and the said Ship discharged, under the Forfeiture of our Wages: And we do further agree, That, when absent upon Leave, we will immediately repair on Board, when required so to do by our Commander or any of our superior Officers, on Failure thereof to forfeit for such Disobedience seven Days Pay, to be charged against our Wages, for every such Offence: And we do further agree and acknowledge, That forty-eight Hours Absence, without Leave, shall be deemed a total Desertion from the said Ship, and our Wages forfeited as above agreed on, unless good and sufficient Cause

can be assigned for such Absence.

' And it is furtheF agreed by us, the said Officers and Mariners belonging to the said Ship, That we will not demand our Wages, or any Part thereof, except the Value of a fourth Part of our Wages to be supplied in Slops or other Necessarles, and one Month's Pay, with our Short Allowance Money then due, in the West Indies, or America, until the Arrival of the said Ship at her delivering Port, except we should be impressed, or enter on Board any of his Majesty's Ships, or be discharged by mutual Consent, agreeable to the

foregoing Certificate, as specified in this Act.

And it is hereby further agreed by us the said Officers, Mariners, Seamen, Seafaring Men, Landsmen, and Boys, That whatever Stores, Furniture, or Apparel each or any of us receive into our Charge belonging to the said Ship, shall be accounted for; and in case any Thing should be loft or damaged by our Negligence or Carelessness, it shall be made good to the Mailers or Owners out of the Wages of such Officers, or Seamen by whose Negligence it has happened*

SCHEDULE

d

SCHEDULE (B.)

MUSTER ROLL.

Officers and Men's Names.

John Jones.

Mailer.

30

1S

Time of Entry, and Place where.

5th Nov. 1785.

Biiltol.

Time when, and Place where discharged, died, run, or drowned.

Died 5th January 178b.

Cape Coast.

KS 15 I

c. 2 S'0

'o ®

.0 JS

Fever.

c

0 £ 5 CQ

« <TJ

Q

3

M. D.

2 —

Wages

per

Month.

£d.

6 00

Advance

Money.

£. s.

6 0 0

Hospital

Duty.

£ s. d.

O i o

Amount of Slops supplied.

Amount of DeadMen's Cloaths.

C *' d.

000

£ / d

*4 J 9i

Amount of Short Allowance Money.

£ d.

000

Total Amount of Wages due when discharged, &c. dec.

1* o o

Amount of Run Men's Pay.

£' s. d.

000

D

n'

CD

Cl

CT

O

o

00 o

po

s

to

1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 33.

yzfi C. 34. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

FORM OF CERTIFICATE.

THESE are to certify, That the Number of Slaves that appear to have been taken on Board the Ship

or Vessel called laden with Slaves from the (Joait of Africa of the Con/l

/he purchase I her Staves at] of the Tonnage or Burthen of [ according to the Tonnage or Burthen of the said Ship or Vessel, as described and set forth in the Certificate of the Kegiftry of the said Ship or Vessel, granted in pursuance of an Act made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Maid! y, (intituled, An Act for the further Encrease and Encouragement of Shipping and ] were

whereof (being Male Slaves) did not exceed reflectively four Feet four Inches in Height;

and that the Number that have died, from the Time of the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel on the Coal! of Africa, to the Time of her Arrival in this her Port of Discharge, amounts to Slaves, and not more.

Custom House, dated the of

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy Dissentions in, in consequence of their

Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; for making Compensation to Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy in America during the War, or whose Property was used, seized, or destroyed for the carrying on the Public Service there; and also for nuking Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, '

c Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS Inquiries have been made, under the Authority of several Acts of Parliament, made

and passed in the twenty-third, twenty-fifth, twenty-sixth, twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth, and twenty-ninth Years of your Majesty's Reign, into the Losses of all such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to your Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and into the Claims of Persons who fur- nished Provisions or other necessary Articles to the Army or Navy in America during t^e late War, or whose Property was used, seized, cfr destroyed, for the carrying on the Public Service there; and also under the Authority of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of your Majesty's Reign, into the Losses of all such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain: And whereas it is confident with your Majesty's Munificence, and the Honour and Character of the Britiio Nation, that liberal Relief should be given in Consideration of the Losses of all such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties as aforesaid:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-Commissioneri sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Commissioners appointed by the said Acts to enquire *°t The Loirciof *nto Voiles and Services of such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, Arocrican°Suf- during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, and into the Claims and Losses aforesaid, shall, on or be-/erers, to iranf- fore the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, make up, and transmit to the Commission-mit to the Trea- ers of his Majesty's Treasury, now or for the Time being, a Book or Books, signed by themselves, or any fury, by July 5, two or more of them, containing the Names and Additions of all the fevered Persons who have already produced satisfactory Evidence of their Losses, with the Amount of the Losses sustained by each Person respectManner herein tively, as the same have been or shall be ascertained and settled by the said Commissioners respectively; abat-dire^ed, of ing therefrom, in the Case of all Persons coming within any of the Clafies respectively described in the State-Losses so sustain- ment of the Claims examined by the said Commissioners, under the Titles of Loyalists who have rendered Services to Great Britain; Lcyalijls who bore Anns in the Service of Great Britain; Loyalists Zealous and Uniform; Loycdifts who took Oaths to the American States, but a fterwards joined the British; Loyal:As who bore Anns for the American States, but aftenvards joined the British; and Loyahjis JvJlaining Losses under the Prohibitory Act; Ten Pounds per Centum of such Part thereof as shall exceed ten thousand Pounds*

where the Amount of such Losses shall not be above thirty-five thousand Pounds; and also abating the re-

from, in the Case of the Claimants under the Will of John Earl of Granville, forty Pounds per Centum of such Part thereof as shall exceed ten thousand Pounds; and in the Case of the Right Honourable Robert Lord Fairfax, twenty Pounds per Centum of such Part thereof as shall exceed ten thousand Pounds; and likewise abating therefrom such Sums as the said Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, ?Vnd Professions* during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, have already received, or shall, before the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, receive, towards making good the Losses sustained by them:

1

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 34. 29

o

And the said Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties by the Cession of East Florida to the King of Spain, shall, on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, make up and transmit to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, now or for the Time being, a Book or Books, signed by them, containing the Names and Additions of all the several Persons, who have already produced satisfactory Evidence of their Losses, with the Amount of the Losses sustained by each Person respectively, as the same have been or shall be ascertained and settled by the said Commissioners respectively, abating therefrom such Sums as the said Persons, who have suffered in their Properties by the Cession of East Florida to the King of Spain, have already received towards making good the Losses sustained by them; and the said Commissioners of his Majesty's T'realury, now or for the Titne being, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to issue their Warrant to the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, to make forth {landing Orders (for which no Tallies shall be made or struck), in the Names of the several Persons inserted in such Book or Books, for such Sum and Sums, not being fractional Parts of fifty Pounds, and also distin£t Orders for all and every Sum to which any Person shall be entitled by virtue of this Act, Ids than such Sum of fifry Pounds, as shall respectively be set against their Names, as a Compensation for their several Losses; and where the Compensationallowed to any of the said Sufferers shall be a greater Sum than fifty Pounds, and the fractional Part of fifty Pounds, in every such Case, one Order shall be made out for such fractional Part of fifty Pounds, and one or more Order or Orders for the remaining Sum, to Complete the Whole of the Compensation to which each respective Person shall or may be entitled unto by virtue of this Act; all which said Orders shall be signed by three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer so; the Time being, and shall be irrevocable; which several and reij>ective Orders shall carry an Interest after the Rate of three Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum per Annum^ from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, all which Orders shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable and paid, without any Deduction whatsoever, out of any Money that shall be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Aids or Supplies which shall be granted by Parliament, in or for the Service of the Years one thousand seven hundred and ninety, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to the several Persons so to be intitled to such Orders, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and rtfligns; and the principal Sums contained in such Orders Shall be paid oft', with the growing interest v/hich shall be due thereupon, by half-yearly Instalments of fix Founds and five Shillings per Centum, on the fifth Day of April, and the tenth Day of Or-tober in each Year, till the whole Sums ior which they are made out, tog ther with the Interest thereupon, are redeemed and paid off*, or Money reserved in the Exchequer for that Purpose; the first half-yearly Instalment, together with the Interest on the said Orders, to be computed from the filth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight as aforesaid, to be due and payable on the fifth Day of sJpril one thousand seven hundred ninety-one, and the Interest payable in respect of such Orders, shall cease and be abated in such Proportion as the principal Sum Shall be paid off and discharged; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue their warrant to the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, to pay, out of any Money remaining the re of the said Aids and Supplies, remaining for the Service of the Year in which such Interest and Infralment Shall become due, the respective Sum and Sums to which the Proprietors of each and every such Order for fifty Pounds, and the equi Multiples of fifty Pounds, made out by virtue of this Act, shall he intitled, by Instalments of six Pounds and five Shillings per Centum, together with the Half-year's Interest: due upon such Sum as shall be remaining unpaid and undischarged on each half-yearly Day of Payment, when such proportional Sum shall be so directed to be paid off.

II. And be it further enacted, That the (landing Orders which shall be made out at the Exchequer in pursuance and under the Authority of this Act, Shall be assignable on the Back of such Orders, on the Alignment being atteited by two or more credible Witnesses, which Alignment shall intitle the Aflig.nee, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit attending such Order or Orders, and to the Interest which shall become due and payable in respect of the same.

III. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall be, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, out of any of the Aids or Supplies that shall be granted for the Service of the Year one thou la rid seven hundred and ninety, to direct the Payment at the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the principal Sums contained in all and every the several and respective Orders made forth for any Sum or Sums of Money less than fifty Pounds, on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, together with the Interest thereon, computed from the hid fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, to the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to prevent such Orders from being fraudulently obtained from the Auditor of the Exchequer, or his Officers, by any other Person or Persons than those who shall be duly entitled to the same, the said respective Commissioners appointed for ascertaining the Losses aforementioned, shall make forth and deliver to each and every Person named in the said Books, or to his or her lawful Attorney, to be transmitted by them to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, a Certificate containing the Name and Addition of such Claimant, and the Sum to which he or She Shall be intitled; which Certificate shall be carried to the proper Officer in the Office of the said Auditor of the Exchequer, who, upon Receipt thereof, shall deliver the Order made out for the Benefit of such Person, and shall take a Receipt on the Back of such Certificate as a Discharge for the said Order.

Commissioners for enquiring into Losses of Persons by the Cession of East Florida to Spain to transmit to the Treasury, by July 5, 1790, Books made up in the Manner herein directed of Losses so sustained. Treasury to di-re& the Exchequer to make forth Orders for the Sums set against the Names of the Sufferers respectively.

Orders to carry 3 I. ior. Interest, from July 5> 17^8.

Principal and Interest to be paid eft* determined by half-yearly Instal-merrp; the first to be

£> 1791.

Orders to b* assignable.

Treasury to dire^ Paymen* on 0$. io, 1790, ot all Orders under 50/,

Commissioners ro deliver to the Sufferers Cer:i-fivaies of the Sums to which to which they are intitled, to be trjnsmitted to the Treasury, &c.

3°

Orders to be numbered aiith-metically.

Clauses of Malt Act to extend to this Act, except such as charge the Loans, &c.

Treasury may dir«& new Orders to be made out in lieu of such as may be defaced, &c«

Treasury may reward Persons employed in the Execution of this Act,

If Supi lies be not granted for Payment of Orders, they shall be paid out of the Ctnfolidated Fund.

Money issued from Consolidated Fund.to be replaced out of the rft Supplies,

Persons forging Order?, &c. to fjflfer Death.

C. 34. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Orders directed to be made out for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, shall be numbered in an Arithmetical Order, beginning with Number One, and so proceeding in an Arithmetical Progression ascending, wherein the common Excess or Difference shall always be One, and shall be registered accordingly.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in an Act made and parted in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malty Mu?n, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety, (except such Clauses as charge the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the said Act, and except such Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act, and except the Directions for making forth Tallies for Loans made out) shall be applied and extended to the Orders which shall be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this prefect Act.

VII. Provided always and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the said Orders made forth by virtue or this Act shall be filled up by Writing or Indorsements thereon, or by any Accident be defaced, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, and he and they are hereby authorised and impowered by his or their Direction, from Time to Time, to cause new Orders to be made forth at the Receipt of the Exchequer, in lieu of such Orders which (halhbe so filled up or defaced, which Orders so filled up or defaced, shall be cancelled at the Receipt of the Exchequer, and kept there on a File or Files for that Purpose; and such Orders so to be made forth in lieu thereof shall, in all Respects, be subject to the same Rules, Methods, and Continuance, an J have and be intitled to the same and like Benefits and Advantages, and bear the same Numbers, Dates, and principal Sums, as was or were borne by such Order or Orders so cancelled.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of any of the Aids or Supplies to be granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Years one thousand seven hundred and ninety, one thousand seven hundred and ninety* one, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or out of such iMonies as shall or may remain in the Exchequer, of the Consolidated Fund, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to reward such Person or Persons that shall or may be in any Ways employed in the Execution of this Act, for their Labour, Pains, and Service, therein respectively; and to satisfy and discharge such incidental Charges and Expences as shall necefia-rily attend the Execution of the same, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall from Time to Time think fit and reasonable in that Behalf.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case sufficient Aids or Supplies shall not be granted before the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, or before the fifth Day of April in each subsequent year, before the Whole of the said Orders, herein directed to be made forth, are satished and paid off, with Interest for the same, then such Sum as should or ought to be satisfied and paid pursuant to this Act, in Part of the principal Sum of such Orders, together with the Interest that shall then have become due, shall be charged upon such Monies as, at any Time after the said fifth Day of April in each Year, shall be or remain in the Exchequer of the Consolidated Fund, (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as are appropriated to any Use or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund, shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off such Instalment or Instalments, and the Interest due and payable on the several Orders, according to the Directions of this Act; any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Clause or Clauses in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary not with (land ing.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be lb issued out of the said Consolidated Fund, shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit any Order, which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Act, before the same shall have been pa'SLolf and cancelled, or any Order to be renewed or made forth in pursuance of this Act, or any In-dorfementvor Writing thereupon or therein, or tender in Payment any such forged or counterfeit Order,

Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the Person or Persons to be appointed to'pyt <j>ff the same, or to pay any Interest thereupon, or any of them, then every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

CAP.

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III.

c. 35.3®

31

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parl.a-ment for that Part of Great Britain called England.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

Jin Att to remove certain Difficulties relative to footers at County Elections, whereby it is, among 20 Geo. 3. Cap. other Things, enacted, That from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and 17 and eighty-one, no Person shall vote for elefling of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Principality of Wales, in respect of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, which have not, for six Calendar Months next before such Election, been charged or assessed towards some Aid granted, or to be granted, to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by a Land Tax, (in case any such Aid be then granted and affdlable), in the Name of the Person or Persons who shall claim to vote at such Election for or in respect of any such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, or in the Name of his or their Tenant or Tenants, actually occupying the same as Tenant or Tenants of the Owner or Landlord thereof: And whereas the Form of Assessment prescribed by the said Act, and thereunto annexed, denotes that the Names, both of the Proprietor and of the Occupier, ought to be specified; and Doubts have arisen, whether, if such Form be not strictly pursued, the Suffrage of the Person claiming to vote be admissible: And whereas an Act was passed in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in 21 Geo. 3. the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade in the County of Wilts, c. 31. recited, whereby it is enacted, that such Freeholders only shall be intitled to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade, as shall be duly qualified to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire for the County of Wilts, according to the Laws in force for regulating County Elections at the Time of parting the same Act:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said Acts contained, Nothing In re. shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Person from voting at any Election of a Knight or cUc<J Knights of a Shire to serve in Parliament within that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Princi- foo7romDvothig pality of Wales, or at any Election of a Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of for Knights of S Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, for or in respect of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, which have the Shire, or been charged or assessed for six Calendar Months, next before such Election, towards some Aid granted or for. Bur&efl=s frr to be granted to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by a Land Tax, in the Name of the Person claiming Lands^&c to vote, or for or in respect of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, to which the Person so claiming to which have been vote shall have become entitled, by Descent, Marriage, Marriage Settlement, Devise, Promotion to any assefT-d for fix Benefice in a Church, or Promotion to any Office, within twelve Calendar Months next before such Months to the Election, and which Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, shall have been within two Years next before Lhantrrax> such Election, charged or assessed to the Land Tax, in the Name of the Person or Persons by or through such Perfofl°&c whom such Person so claiming to vote shall derive his Title to such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, or C ° * of some Predecessor of such Person so claiming to vote, although the Name of the Tenant or Tenants actually occupying such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, shall not be inserted in such Assessment, according to the Form of Assessment to the said first-recited Afl annexed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said Acts contained shall ex- nor to prevent tend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Person from voting at any such Election of a Knight or any Person from Knights of any Shire, or of a Burgess or Burgesses for the said Borough of Cricklade, for or in respect of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, which have been charged or assessed, for six Calendar Months next be- foj Lands &c! fore such Election, towards some Aid granted, or to be granted, to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, f assessed in by a Land Tax, in the Name of a Tenant or Tenants actually occupying the same at the Time of such the Nameof the Assessment being made, although the Name of the Person so claiming to vote, or the Person or Persons by Tenanl »ctually or through whom such Person so claiming to vote derives his Title, or of the Predecessor of the Person so ^u{f>y,ng claiming to vote, shall not be inserted in the Assessment, according to the Form of the Assessment to the said first recited Act annexed.

An Act to alter, explain, and amend an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches, or other Carriages, and for regulating the Conduct of the Drivers and Guards thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of S.age Coaches, »8 Geo. 3. Capv

or other Carriages: And whereas the Regulations and Penalties thereby established and inflicted have 57* recited.

11 4 proved

CAP. XXXVI.

32

C. 36.

Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

than the Number of Persons herein mentioned aie carried on ti e Ou'.fide of any Stage Coach, the Driver to pay 5*. for each Person above the limited Number, to the Collector of the Tolls, &c,

k proved insufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended: And whereas it is expedient that certain Regulations should be established with respect to the Conduct of the Drivers of Stage Coaches, and other such Carriages, and of the Persons going therewith as Guards May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred From Sep*. 19, and ninety, if the Driver of any Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage of the like Sort, drawn by three or more 1790, if more Horses, and going or travelling for Hire, shall permit or suffer more than one Person on the Coach Box, besides himself, and tour Persons on the Roof; and if such Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage shall be drawn by leis than three Horses, more than one Person on the Coach Box, and three Persons on the Roof, (except the Driver of such Cqach, Chaise, or other Carriage, drawn by less than three Horses, which shall not go or travel a greater Distance than twenty-five Miles from the Post Office in the City of London, and who shall not carry more than one Person on the Coach Box, and four Persons on the Roof, at one and the same Time), to go or be conveyed by any such Coach, Chaise, or Carriage respectively, every such Driver shall pay to the Collector of the Toils, at every Turnpike Gate through which such Carriage shall pass, the Sum of five Shillings for each and every Person above the Number so as above limited and allowed to be conveyed, which every such Collector is hereby authorised to ask, demand, and receive; and if any such Passenger or Passengers, beyond the Number so limited as aforesaid, shall be set down, or taken up, whereby the Paid Payment of the said Sum of five Shillings may be evaded, then and in every such Case the Driver of such Carriage so offending, and being convicted of such Offence, either by his own Confession, the View of a Justice, or the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace acting in and for the County, Riding, City, Town, Division, or Flace, where such Offence shall be committed, (which Oath every such Justice is hereby authorised and* required to administer,) shall, for every such Offence, be committed to the Common Gao!, or House of Correction, of the County, Riding, City, Town, Division, or Place, where such Offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, nor Ids than fourteen Days, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices by or before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of five Shillings for each and every Passenger beyond the Number allowed to be conveyed as aforesaid, shall be collected, levied, and recovered in like Manner as the Turnpike Tolls at the Gate where such Payment by this Act directed to be made, are by the Act for repairing such Road authorised to be collected, levied, and recovered.

From Sept. 29, III, And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand 9w>,phc N-arnC seven hundred and ninety, there shall be painted on the Outside of each of the Doors of every such Stage o 1 e ropneu-r Qoac^ or other Carriage (the Coaches carrying the Mail, under the Direction of the Post-masters General excepted) in large and legible Characters, the Christian and Surname of the Proprietor, or of one of the Proprietors, of such Coach or other Carriage, and in the Case of there being more than one Proprietor of such Coach or other Carriage, and any one of them shall rellde within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Limits of the Bills of Mortality, then and in such Case the Name of such last mentioned Proprietor Hull be the Name to be put upon such Carriage, as above directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the Coachman, or Person having the Care of any Stage Coach, or other such Carriage, shall permit or fuller any other Person to drive the same, without the Consent of the Passengers within such Coach, or other Carriage, or shall quit the Box without reasonable Occasion, or for a longer Space of Time than such Occasion may require, or shall, by furiously driving, or by any Negligence or Misconduct, overturn the Carriage, or in any Manner endanger the Persons or Property of tile Paflepgers, or the Property of the Owners or Proprietors of such Carriage, every such Coachman so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person going or travelling as a Guard to any Stage Coach, or other such Carriage, shall fire off the Arms he is entrusted with, either while the Coach or Carriage is going on the Road, or going through or (landing in any Town, otherwise than for the Defence of such Coach or other Carriage, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Penalties by the said recited Act inflicted on Peace Officers re-fliaed by recited fa('ing or neglecting to execute Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace, pursuant to the Directions of the Officers neglect- Act, ft vail extend to, and be inflicted on, all Peace Officers who shall refuse or neglect to execute any ing to execute Warrants to be granted in pursuance of this Act; and that the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act Wairants to ex- shall and may be levied, recovered, and applied in such and the same Manner, as by the said recited Act is tend to this Act. directed respecting the Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby inflicted; and that the Forms of Penalties to be Proceedings relative to the feve*al Matters contained in this Act, shall be the same as those contained in the recovered as un- Schedule to the said recited Act, and shall be used on all Occasions, with such Additions or Variations only

recucd as may be necessary to adapt them to the particular Circumstances of the Case; and that no Objection Forms of the shad a^OVVt^ to be made, or Advantage taken, on Account of Want of Form only in any such Schedules there- Proceedings, of to be used in the Execution of this Act.

Penalty to be reco ered in like Manner at the Tolls.

to be painted on the Oir fide of each D.»or of every Stage Coach, except Mail Coache*.

Penalty on Coachmen per-nutting other Pe» suns to drive, &c.

Jf the Guard, fire off his Arms, except for Defence, to forfeit 20s.

Penalties in-

[Publick Act.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act be deemed a Ptiblick Act; and dial 1 be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP.

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 37.

i

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to continue two Acts, made in the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign, of his present Majesty, c for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillarion of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof*, and for better regulating the Exportation of Briliftj- made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the ewenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption; and for granting and fe- curing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imports and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies " and for amending the said Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign.

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has, by Experience, been found useful and beneficial, and is near expiring May it therefore plcale your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Duties of Exciic by an Act made in the Twenty-feverith Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the fever a I Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt, imposed for or in respect of fermented Wort or Wash brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same; and for or in respect of Cycler or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor brewed or made as aforesaid, from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except such as are before mentioned, or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and for or in respect of fermented Wort or Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and for or in respect of Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from Foreign refuted Wines, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, except Ad el a lies and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and which were, by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and confirming, fir a limited <Ttme, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for discontinuing, for a limited Dime, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Lciu Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to his Male fly other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of Wx\uft\~made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, jar a limited "Time, an Act made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Ajajyly, 44 to discontinue, for a limittd Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Lvov I fines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of ether Duties in lieu there f; <l and for the better Regulation of the making and vending Britishi Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain impojis and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies and to revive aid continue the fud tail mentioned Act, continued from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine^ until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall be, and the time are hereby i'everally and respectively further continued from the firth Day o (July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; and the said Duties shall severally and respectively be pr.id and payable by the several and respective Makers and Distillers of such YVort, Wash, Cyder, Perry, or other Liquor respectively, at such Times, and in such

Trent of the Dufies upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting andfe curing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof \ and for the better Regulation of the making and vending Britilli Spirits; and for d:fcontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Impojls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies; or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in Force immediately before the pading of an Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, intituled, An Act for d fzntiradm.g, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low I Vines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and ether January there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to his Maiejlx other Duties in lieu there-

jo Geo. III. F

33

[Preamble.]

Duties ImpofeA by *7 Geo. III. Cap. 15. on Wash made in England for extracting Spirits for Home Con-sump Jon j

snd which, b/ 29 Geo. II r. Cap. 4$, wire continurd to July 5» *79°»

further ci lumii. (d to J u Iv 51

179*. *c.

:6 O-o. lit. C.p, 73.

»S Gfo III. C'«p 46.

34

Part of Clause I) and Claufcf 9, 3, and 4, of 29 Geo. Hi* Cap. 4j. recited.

Peeked Clause* tepealed.

Permit* to be allowed Redi-fieri at the Kate of 150 Gallons for every 100 Gallunt of Kaw Briulb Spirits. Officer* to taVe an Account of the Stock of ReC\:fier* within 30 Days ifter the Commencement oft he AO, and afterwards once in three M 'n hs; and if after the first Acc unr, any Excess above the Allowance herein fp:c fied he fouiv, it may be feixsd, &c.

C. 37. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

of\ and for better regulating the Exportation of Briilfh-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue for a limited Time\ an Act made in the twenty -sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption; and for granting and tlcuring the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, far a limited Time, certain Imports and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West In lies*

'II. And whereas by the said Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, it was en- acted, That for the making, unto the Rectifiers and Compounders of Spirits, a fair Allowance for that In- crease by Water, Sugar, Syrup, or Fruit, which was necessary to render their Spirits fit for Consumption, 4 there should be allowed Permits for the fending out any Number of Gallons, not exceeding the Rate or Proportion of one hundred and forty-two Gallons of British Brandy, rectified British Spirits, or Compounds, for every one hundred Gallons of Raw British Spirits which they respectively should have received from any Distiller or Distillers of British Spirits (not being a Rectifier or Rectifiers) of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, or which they should respectively have made at the Strength lart aforesaid; and that within thirty Days next after the Commencement of the said Act, and afterwards once in every- three Months at the least, the Officers of Excise should take an Account of the Stock of British Brandy, rectified British Spirits, Raw British Compounds, and other British Spirits, of all and every Rectifier and Rectifiers, and Compounder and Compounders of Spirits (whether a Maker or Makers of Spirits or not)

and if, on taking any such Account, the Stock so taken, added to the Quantity of Spirits for which Per- mits should have been granted to such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, since the Time of taking the lart preceding Account of such Stock, should be found to exceed the Quantity of Spirits found by the Officer or Officers of Excise in such Stock, at the Time of taking the lart preceding Account of such Stock by the Officer or Officers of Excise, added to the Quantity since received by Permit from any Distiller or Distillers of British Spirits (not being a Rectifier or Redifiers of British Spirits) at the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, or made by such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, at the Strength last aforesaid, with the Allowance of forty-two Gallons on every one hundred Gallons so made or received, carting or computing such Stock at the Strength of one in four and seven fix- teemhs under Hydrometer Proof, a Quantity of Spirits equal to the Quantity of Spirits so found in Excels,

should be forfeited, and should and might be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, from and out of such Stock, and the Person or Persons in whose Stock such Quantity of Spirits so found in Excess should be discovered or found, should forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and that no Rectifier or Redifiers, or Corn-founder or Compounders of Spirits, should fell or send out any Britislj Brandy, British rectified Spirits*

British Compounds, or other British Spirits, of any greater or higher Strength than that of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof; and if any such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, should fell or send out any British Brandy, British rectified Spirits, British Compounds, or other British Spirits, of any 4gieatcr or higher Degree of Strength than that of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof, all such British Brandy, British rectified Spirits, British Compounds, or other British Spirits, should be forfeited, and should and might be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, together with the Casks and Vessels containing the same respectively; and that if, on taking any such Account of the Stock of any such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, it should appear that such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, had not actually made use of the Whole of the said Allowance, so by the said Act granted, so much thereof as should appear not to have been made use of, deducting therefrom so much- as would be sufficient to reduce the Stock then found on Hand to the Strength of one in four and seven fix- teenths under Hydrometer Proof, should be cut off from his, her, or their Credit: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the (kid recited Clauses ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Clauses shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; and for the making unto the Rectifiers and Compounders of Spirits a fair Allowance for that Increase by Water, Sugar, Syrup, or Fruit, which is necessary to render their Spirits fit for Consumption, there shall be allowed Permits for the fending out any Number of Gallons, not exceeding the Rate or Proportion of one hundred and fifty Gallons of British Brandy, rectified British Spirits or Compounds, for every one hundred Gallons of raw British Spirits which they respectively shall have received from any Distiller or Distillers of British Spirits, (not being a Rectifier or Rectifiers,) of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, or which they shall respectively have made at the Strength last aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, within thirty Days next after the Commencement of this Act, and afterwards once in every three Months at the least, the Officers of Excise shall take an Account of the Stock of British Brandy, rectified British Spirits, raw British Spirits, Compounds, and other British Spirits, of all and every Rectifier and Rectifiers, and Compounder and Compounders of Spirits (whether a Maker or Makers of Spirits or not); and if on taking any such Account, subsequentto the first Account taken under or by virtue of this Act, the Stock so taken, added, to the Quantity of Spirits for which Permits shall have been granted to such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, since the Time of taking the last preceding Account of such Stock, shall be found to exceed the Quantity of Spirits found by the Officer or Officers of Excise in such Stock at the Time of taking the last preceding Account of such Stock by the Officer or Officers of Exc fe, added to the Quantity since received by Permit from, any Distiller or Distillers of British Spirits, (not being a Rectifier or Rectifiers of British Spirits,) at the Strength or one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, or made by such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, at the Strength last aforesaid, with the Allowance of fifty Gallons on cvety one hundred Gal-. Ions to made or received, catting or computing such Stock at the Strength of one in three and three-fourtise under Hydrometer Proof, a Quantity of Spirits equal to the Quantity of Spirits so found in Excess shall he.

forfeited.

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 37. 35

forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise from and out of such Stock; and the Person or Persons in whole Stock such Quantity of Spirits, so found in Excess, shall be discovered or found, shall also forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer or Officers of Excise, on taking the first Account, under or by virtue of this Act, of the Stock of Brandy, rectified

Spirits, raw British Spirits, Compounds, or other British Spirits, of any Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of Spirits (whether aMaker or Makers of Spirits or not), shall find that the Stock ib taken, added to the Quantity of Spirits for which Permits shall have been granted to such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, ftnee tly- Time of taking the last Account of the Stock of Brandy, refitified British Spirits, raw British Spirits* Compounds, or other Spirits, of such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, under or by virtue of the said Afit made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall be found to exceed the Quantity of Spirits found by the Officer or Officers of Excise in such Stock, at the Time of taking such last preceding Account of such Stock, added to the Quantity since received by Permit from any Distiller or Distillers of British Spirits (not being a Rect-fier of British Spirits) at the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, or made by such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder oV Compounders, at the Strength last aforesaid, with the Allowance of forty-two Gallons on every one hundred Gallons so made or received by Permits since the Time of taking such last Account, the Limitation whereof shall have expired on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand fl-ven hundred and ninety, and with the Allowance of fifty Gallons on every one hundred Gallons so made or received after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and prior to the lime of taking fijeh first Account, casting or computing such former Stock at the Strength of one in four and seven sixteenths under Hydrometer Proof, and then reducing the same to the Strength of one in three and three fourths under Hydrometer Proof, and casting and computing such latter Stock at the Strength of one in three and three fourths under Hydrometer Proof, a Quantity of Spirits equal to the Quantity of Spirits so found in Excels shall be forfeited, and shall and may be l'eized by any Officer or Officers of Excise from and out of such Stock; and the Person or Persons in whose Stock such Quantity of Spirits so found in Excess shall be discovered or found, shall also forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if on taking any such Account of the Stock of any such Refill tier or Refitifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, it shall appear that such Refitifier or Refitifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, ha6 or have not afilually made use of the Whole of the said Allowance lb by this A fit granted, so much thereof as shall not appear to have been made use of, dedufiting therefrom so much as will be sufficient to reduce the Stocjc then found on Hand to the Strength of one in three and three-fourths under Hydrometer Proof, shall be cut off from his, her, or their Credit} any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, ThatnoRefilifier or Refitifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, shall fell or send out any British Brandy, British refitified Spirits, Com-

B>unds, or other British Spirits, of any greater or higher Degree of Strength than that of one in five under ydrometer Proof; and if any such Refitifier or Refitifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, shall fell or send out any British) Brandy, British refitified Spirits, British Compounds, or other British Spirits, of any greater or highe r Degree of Strength than that of one in five under Hydrometer Proof, all such British Brandy, British refitified Spirits, British) Compounds, or other British Spirits, together with the Casks or Vefkls containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and any such Refitifier or Refitifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, who shall fell or send out any such British Brandy, British refitified Spirits, British Compounds, or other British Spirits, of any greater or higher Degree of Strength than that of one in five under Hydrometer Proof, shall also forfeit and lose Treble the Value of such British Brandy, British refitified Spirits, British Compounds, or other British Spirits, which shall be fold or font out of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than that of one in five under Hydrometer Proof, or the Sum of fifty Pounds in the Whole, at the Elefition of his Majesty's Attorney General, or the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, the single Value of such British Brandy, British refitified Spirits, British Compounds, or other British Spirits respectively, to be deemed and taken to be according to, and at the Rate and Rates, Price and Prices, at which the best British) Brandy, British refitified Spirits, British Compounds, or other British Spirits, do or shall bear or fell for in London at the Time when such Penalty shall be

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Afit, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, Hsany Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

VIII. And whereas by an Act, ipade in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon, made in Great Britain,

tain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the letter and more the Revenue of

Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the of, and for preventing

Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an, made in this frfent Session of Parliament, with respetl to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise> imposed bytbe said Act, it is provided and enacted, That any lacneafe, discovered by

If on taking the

first Acc um, any Excess be f mnd above the Allowances herein (pccifird, it n ay be foxed, &c.

If xny Part of the Allowances shall appeir not to hate been used, it shall be taken firm the Redlfier* Credit*

If PedVfiere fell Spiii s c.f a greater *t'?ng»h than 1 in 5under Hydrometer Proof, they n>?y be feised* &c,

How PenaWei

IT ay be sued for9 end how to be divided*

n* Geo III. Cap. 5$. Clause 30. recited.

36 C. 38. Anno tricdlmo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

tnd repealed,

29 Geo. III. Cap. 45. Clause 7. continued till July 5, 1791.

any Officer or Officers of Excise in the Stock or Stocks of any Dealer in or Seller of British Spirituous Liquors, over and above the Quantity which the Officer found in such Dealer's or Seller's Custody at the Time of the Lift preceding Survey upon iiich Dealer or Seller, shall not be forfeited, if the Owner thereof shall make it appear that such Increase was made by mixing Water with and amongst some of his said Stock of AY////;-made Spirituous Liquors, in the Presence of the Officer of Excise of the Division or Place where such Increase shall be found; airy Thing in the said Act before contained to the contrary notwithstanding:

And whereas it is expedient to repeal lb much of the said Act as is herein-before recited ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore laid, That so much of the said recited Act as provides and enacts, That any Increase, discovered by any Officer or Officers of Excise ni the Stock or Stocks of any Dealer in or Seller of British Spirituous Liquots, over and above the Quantity which the Officer found in such Dealer's or Seller's Custody at the Time of the Lift preceding Survey upon such Dealer or Seller, Hull not Ik* forfeited, if the Owner thereof dial] make it appear that such Increase was made by mixing Water with ai d amongst some of his laid Stock of British-made Spirituous Liquors in the Presence of the Officer of Excise of the Division or Place where such Increase shall be found, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much or the said Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as enacts. That the said Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, except such Parts thereof as are repugnant to the said Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and also so much thereof as enacts. That the said Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, except such Parts thereof as are expressly repealed by the said Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall, from and immediately after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, be revived, and continued until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall, from and immediately after the said firth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, continue in full Force and Effect until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for repealing the Duties upon Licences for retailing Wine and Sweets, and upon Licences for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof.

[Preamble.]

9 A no®. Cap. *3*

3© Geo. II. Cap. 19.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen June, for charging certain new Duties on Stamped PeHum^ Parchment, and Paper, and for other Purposes there in mentioned, it was enacted, That there should be, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, raised*

levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which should, at any Time or Times within or during the Term therein in that Behalf mentioned, be ingossed or written any Licence for retailing of Wine, the Sum of four Shillings: And whereas the Lid Duty is, by another Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of King George the First, made perpetual: And whereas, by another Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for granting to his Majesty (amongst other Rates and Duties therein mentioned) several Rates and Duties upon Licences for retailing Wine, it was enacted, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper/ 4 on which should be ingrafted, written, or printed, any Licence for retailing of Wine, to be granted to any Person who should not take out either a Licence for retailing of Spirituous Liquors, or a Licence for re- tailing of Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors, over and above all other Rates and Duties payable by virtue of any former Act or Acts of Parliament imposing any Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, an additional Duty of five Pounds; for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which should be ingossed, written, or printed, any Licence for retailing of Wine, to be granted to any Person who should take out a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, but * should not takeout a Licence for retailing of Spirituous Liquors, over and above all other Rates and Du- ties payable by virtue of any former Act or Acts of Parliament imposing any Duties on Stamped Vellum*

Parchment, and Paper, an additional Duty of four Pounds; and for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment* 4 or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which should be ingossed, written, or printed, any Licence for retailing of Wine, to be granted to any Person who should also take out a Licence for retailing of Spirituous Liquors*

over and above all other Rates and Duties payable by virtue of any former Act or Acts of Parliament im- posing any Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, an additional Duty of forty Shillings; and it was by the said last mentioned Act provided and enacted, That, in all Cases were a Duty of five Pounds was thereinbefore directed to be paid on a Licence for retailing Wine, a Duty of three Pounds six Shillings and Eight-pence, and no more, should be paid for a Licence to retail Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and that in all Cases where a Duty of four Pounds was therein before directed to be paid for such Licence, a Duty of two Pounds thirteen Shillings and Four-pence, and no more, should be paid for a Licence to retail Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and that in all Cales where a Duty of two Pounds was therein before directed to be paid for every such Licence, a Duty of one Pound six Shillings and Eight-pence, and no more, should be paid for a Licence to retail Wine in that Part of Great

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 38. 37

Great Britain called Scotland; any Thing in that Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: And it was by the said last mentioned Adf enabled, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, no Person whatsoever, unless he should be authorized and enabled in the Manner therein-after prescribed, should fell or utter by Retail, (that is) by the Pint, Quart,

Pottle, or Gallon, or by any other greater or less retail Measure, or in Pottles irrany less Quantity than should be equal to the Measure of the Cask or Vessel in which the same should have been, or might law-. fully be imported, any Kind of Wine or Wines, or any Liquor called or reputed Wine, upon Pain to forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of one hundred Pounds: And whereas, by a Clause in another Act 31 Geo. II. Caj* made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, for obliging the Retailers of Wines com- 3U monly called Sweets or Made Wines, to take out a Wine Licence, after reciting the said Act of the thirtieth of his laid late Majesty, as herein-before is recited, and reciting, that great Frauds might ealily be practised in case the Retailers of certain Liquors made in this Kingdom, commonly called Sweets or Made I Vines, should not be, equally with the Retailers of other Kinds of Wine, obl'ged to take out such Licences for retailing Wine, it was enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, no Person whatsoever, unless he should be authorized and enabled by having taken out the Licence in the said recited Act directed, subject to the Payment of such Duties as were therein respectively charged upon such Licences to fell Wine by Retail, should fell or utter by any Retail Measure, or in Pottles in any Quantity kfs than twenty-five Gallons, any Kind of Liquor made in Great Britain by lnfufion.

Fermentation, or otherwise, from Foreign Fruit or Sugar, or from British Fruit or Sugar, or from Fmit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients, commonly called Sweets or AI tie Wines, or any Kind of Liquor made in Great Britain, and known by the Name of Sweets or Made Wines, of whatsoever Materials, or in whatsoever Manner the same might be made, upon Pain to forfeit for every such Offence one hundred Pounds: And whereas by another Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, ±6 Geo. III. for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Sweets, and for ascertaining the Duties upon Licences to be Cap. 74, taken out by Persons dealing in Sweets, reciting, that it was then expedient that separate Licences should be granted to the Venders of Foreign Wines imported, and to the Venders of Sweets or British-made Wines, it was enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, it should and might be lawful to and for his Majesty's (Commissioners of Stamps, or any two of them, to grant upon any Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, any Licence for felling of Sweets or British-nvdde Wines by any Retail Measure, to any Person or Persons applying for the same (although such Person or Persons should not have a Spirituous Liquor or Ale Licence), stamped or marked with a Stamp or Mark of two Pounds and four Shillings; and all and every Person and Persons felling British-made Wines only under such Licences, should be freed and discharged from any Penalty by the Acts therein mentioned imposed for felling Wine under Licences not stamped as by the said Acts were directed: And whereas by another Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to prevent the Sale of Sweets for Consumption in the Horses of Retailers thereof who shall not have Licences to fell Beer or Ale, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, reciting so much of the said Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty as is herein-before recited; and that it was expedient to restrain the filling British Wines or Sweets lor Consumption in the Houses of Retailers thereof to such Persons only as should have obtained as well a Licence for felling Peer and Ale, as a Licence for the Sale of Britiso-nr^Vt Wines, it was chadded, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, no Person should, by virtue of any Licence for the Sale of British-rwzAz Wines or Sweets, be intitled to feH such Wines or Sweets, for Consumption in his of her own House, unless such Person should also have obtained a Licence for selling Beer and Ale: And whereas it is apprehended, that if the said recited Duties were repealed, and other Duties imposed in lieu thereof upon Licences to be granted, by the Commissioners, Collectors, and Supervisors of Excise, in England and Scotland respectively, to Pei ions retailing Foreign Wine, or British-made Win and effectually managed and collected nd with the Advice and Consent of t Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the said recited Duties, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Stamps, by the said Alts imposed upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which shall be in-grofled, written, or printed, any such Licence as aforesaid, shall ceale and determine.

Commiflrrftrs of Stamps to ccaff.

CII. And whereas, by another Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his fiid late Majesty King ,6 Geo. u.Cjp.

George the Second, (intituled, An Act for repeal! ig certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences 8.

for retailing the same; 'and for laying other Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences to retail the said Liquors,) it was enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, no Person or Persons whatsoever should presume, by him, her, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever employed by him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Benefit, to retail any Brandy, Rum, Arrack, Usquebaugh, Geneva, Aqua-vitx, or any other distilled Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, unmixed, or mixed with themselves, or any other Ingredients, and by whatsoever Name or Names they were or might be called, publickly or privately, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose in Manner thereafter directed, within ten Days at least before he, she, or they should retail the same, for which he, she, or they should, immediately upon taking out thereof, pay down for the same the Sum of twenty Shillings, in Manner in the said Act directed: And whereas, by another

Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, amongst 14 Oeo.Il.Cap. 4 other Things, yir granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Spirituous Liquors, and upon Licences for 4°*

and 28 Geo. III. Cap 37. recited.

Wines or Sweets, such last mentioned Duties wouM be more conveniently xfted / be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by*. of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tins present

From Oct. to, J~9°t the recited Dutiej un-^er the M nage-men* of thrf

38

19 Geo. III. C.p Si it Geo. III. Cap. 175 it Geo. III. Cap. 66$ and

*7 Geo. III. Cap. 30. recited.

From Oct. io» 1^90, 'he recited Duties under the left mentioned 6 Actt to cease

except atto Arrears and Finec*

Fr^m Oct. to, 1790, Licences thentofnreeranted to fell Wine or Spirits by Re* *ail, to be void.

Ferfoni whose Licences shall be so void'd to be allowed a rateable Proportion for the Time unexpired, on taking out new Licences.

From Oct. 10, 1790, Retailers of W ine and Spirits to take out Licences*

C. 38. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

retailing the same, it was enabled. That there should, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of twenty Shillings per Annum for every Licence that should be taken out by any Person or Persons for the retailing Spirituous Liquors, pursuant to the Directions of the said last mentioned Act, made in the sixteenth Year of his laid late Majesty King George the Second: And whereas by three several other Acts of Parliament, made in the nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty— 4 second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, respectively granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the CuC-4 toms and Excise in Great Britain, three several additional Duties or Imposts of five Pounds per Centmm

five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, became charged upon the Produce and Amount of the said several Duties of twenty Shillings, and twenty Shillings, imposed by the said Acts of the sixteenth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King Georgy the Second: And whereas, by another Act, made in the twenty-lev enth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for laying additional Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Persons dealing by Retail in Spirituous Liquors, it was enacted, That*

from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-leven, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Sums in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned, for and upon all Licences to be taken out annually, in Manner therein-after mentioned, by all Persons who should retail any distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters within Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited Duties by the said several Acts made in the sixteenth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, imposed, for or in respect of Licences for the retailing of distilled Spirituous Liquors, as well as the said additional Duties or Imposts charged thereon by the said Acts made in the nine-teenth, twenty-first, and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and also the said Duties by the said Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, imposed, for or in respect of the Licences therein mentioned, and in lieu thereof to impose other Lyuties on Licences to be taken out by Persons who shall retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, according to the Directions of this Act $' be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the said recited Duties, by the said several Acts made in the sixteenth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, imposed, for or in respect of Licences for the retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or strong Waters, as well as the said additional Duties or Imposts charged thereon by the said Acts made in the nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and allb the said Duties by the said Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, imposed, for or in respect of the Licences therein mentioned, shall cease and determine.

III. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein-before contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to any Arrears of the said reflectively recited Duties which may, on the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said tenth Day of October 6ne thousand seven hundred and ninety $ any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of Oslo her one thousand seven hundred and ninety, all Licences which, before the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall have been granted by the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any of them, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, to fell Wine by Retail, or to fell by Retail British-made Wines or Sweets, and which shall be then unexpired $ and also all Licences which, before the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall have been granted by the said Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any of them, or by the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise, or any of them, in England and Scotland respectively, or by any Persons appointed by the said Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the major Part of them respectively, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, and which shall be then unexpired, shall* on the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, become and be null and void to all; Intents and Purposes whatsoever $ any Thing in the said Licences expressed, or in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained, to the contrary thereofin any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person aitd Persons whole Licence for retailing of Wine, or for selling by Retail British-made Wines or Sweets, or to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, shall be or become null and void under and by virtue of this Act,s shall, on his, her, or their taking out a Licence of the same Kind as his, her, or their Licence so become null and void for the Year ending on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, under and by virtue of this Act, be allowed to deduct, out of the Money by this Act directed to be paid for such last mentioned Licence, a rateable Proportion according to the Sum or Sums of Money by him* her* or them paid for such his, her, or theft Licence lo become null and void, and the Portion of Time for which such Licence was granted to be in Force which shall be unexpired at the Time of such Licence so becoming' null and void.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, all and every Person or Persons who shall retail Foreign Wine, or British-made Wines, or Sweets, or distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, shall, before he, she, or they shall retail any Foreign Wine, or any British-made Wines or Sweets, or any distilled Spirituous Liquors

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 38. 39

Manner of granting such Licences.

or Strong Waters, take out such Licence herein after mentioned, as the Case may require, authorizing such Person or Persons to retail Foreign Wine, or Britisf)-made Wines or Sweets, or distillecf Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, as the Case may require; which Licences respectively shall be granted in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, If any such Licence shall be taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being, or of such Persons as they the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them for the Time being, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose; but if any such Licence shall be taken out in any Part of the Kingdom of England not within the said Limits, the same shall be granted under the respective Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise within their respective Collections and Districts* and in case any such Licence shall be taken out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being; or if any such Licence shall be taken out in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland out of the said Limits of the City of Edinburgh, then the same shall be granted under the respective Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in Scotland within their respective Collections and Districts: And the said Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any two or more of them respectively, and the Persons to be appointed by the said Commissioners of Excise in kngland, or the major Part of them, and also all such Collectors and Supervisors, are hereby respectively authorized and required to grant such Licences to the Persons who shall apply for the same, P^ns applying on the Person or Persons applying for the same, first paying for such Licences the several Sums of Adoney fol- car lowing; that is to say, _ / vfz.*' ° 0*''

For every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person or Persons to retail Foreign Wine in that For every Li-Part of Great Britain called England, and who shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spiritu- cenceto retail ous Liquors or Strong Waters, or a Licence for retailing of Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors, the Sum Fore?en Wine in of live Pounds four Sellings:

Spirit? or Beer Licence, 5l. 4s.;

For every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person or Persons to retail Foreign Wine in and 41- 45* if the that Part of Great Britain called England, and who shall take out a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale, and other hjSa Bccf exciseable Liquors, but shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing of distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong on^f^Spints0-5 Waters, the Sum of four Pounds four Shillings: # P

For every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person or Persons to retail Foreign Wine in that If he ha? also a Part of Great Britain called England, and who shall also have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spiritu- Spiiitc Licence, ous Liquors or Strong Waters, the Sum of two Pounds four Shillings: ... 2l< 4S'

For every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person or Persons to retail British~xr\?Ac Wines For ev2ry Li-or Sweets, either in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, cRenfcV'3 ret*‘l1 the Sum of two Pounds four Shillings; wL^cLt

Britain, 2l. 4s.

For every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person or Persons to retail Foreign Wme in that For every Li-Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spiritu- *enc?to r<MaiI ous Liquors or Strong Waters, or a Licence for retailing of Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors, the Sum in0gc^t"a^,n" of three Pounds six Shillings and Eight-pence: _ [ht rlrhi<Lt

a Spirits or Beer Licence, 3l. 6s 8d. -

For every Licence which shall be granted toauthorize any Person or Persons to retail Foreign Wine in that iFne has Beer Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who shall take out a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors, but shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong 2^, °/ 4dpu.lts* Waters, the Sum of two Pounds thirteen Shilling* and Four-pence: *

For every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person or Persons to retail Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who shall also have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, the Sum of one Pound six Shillings and Eight-pence:

And for every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person or Persons to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters in any Part of Great Britain, the Sum of four Pounds and fourteen Shillings —If the Dwelling-house in which such Person shall reside, or retail such distilled Spirituous liquors or Strong Waters, at the Time of taking out such Licence, shall not, together with the Offices, Courts,

Yards and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated, under the Authority of an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,/ir imposing Duties on inhabited Houses> at a Rent of fifteen Pounds per Annufn or upwards:

If such Dwelling-house shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated as aforesaid at fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under twenty Pounds, then such Person or Persons shall take out a Licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the Sum of five Pounds and two

Shif such Dwelling-house shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens therewith occupied, If at 20l. and be rated as aforesaid at twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under twenty-five Pounds, then such 2.51 —

Person or Persons shall take out a Licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the Sum of five Pounds and ten 51, ,os*

If such Dwelling-house shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens therewith occupied, If at 25I, and be rated as aforesaid at twenty-five Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under thirty Pounds, then such Per- unHpr 3°h-— foil or Persons shall take out a Licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the Sum of five Pounds and eighteen 51, j£s* Shillings:

if he has r.Jfu a

H'i'itJ Licence,

11. 6s. 3d.

For every L:-cence c*i retail P> its in Great Britain 4l. 14s, if the Pi ty's House he rated under r >].

L rated at 151, and u? der 2&I; —5l. 2S.

Anno tricesimo Georgii III.

40 C. 33.

A.D. 1790.

If 30I and un icr 4.0I — 6). 6s.

If it 40l. and tin.'er ^o'.—

61. 14s. i

tnd if at 50l. or upwards, 7l. 2t.

To whom 'he Money for Li-ct r.cii is 10 be paid.

Liconce* to continnein force fill 061. to enfuiig the granting thereof j and if ft anted between A p il 53rd Oil. IO, a r t;ab!e

If such Dwelling-house shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens therewith occupied* be rated as aforesaid at thirty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under forty Pounds, then such Person or Persons shall take out a Licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the Sum of six Pounds and fix

Shillings:

If such Dwell ing-houfa shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated as aforesaid at forty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under fifty Pounds, then such Person or Persons shall take out a Licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the Sum of six Pounds and fourteen

Shilling?:

And if such Divelling-house shall, together with the Offices, Court®, Yards, and Gardens therewith occupied, he rated as aforesaid at fifty Pounds per Annum or upwards, then such Person or Persons shall take out a Licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the Sum of seven Pounds and two Shillings,

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaidI, That the find icvcral Sums of Money by this Act directed to be paid for such Licences lefpvchvely, hull be paid to such Persons as are herein after in thne Iiehalf respectively mentioned; that is to say, such thereof as shall be paid for Licences which shall be taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, shall he paid at the Chief Office of Excise in Lon 'on; and such thereof as shall be paid for Licences which shall be taken out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh; and such thereof as drill be paid for Licences which shall be taken out in any Part of Great Britain s not within the said respective Limits, shall be paid to the respective Collector? of Excise granting such relpeffiive Licences.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Licences to be granted under and by virtue of this Act, Hull remain and continue in force until and upon the tenth Day of October next ensuing the lime of the granting thereof, artd no longer: Provided always nevertheless, that where any licence shall be first granted between the fifth Day of April and the tenth Day of Odder in ary Year, there shall be charged only a rateable Propoi tion of the Money here in- before directed to be paid for or in ref vet of such Licence, according to the Time for which such Licence shall be granted, any lung herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Proportion only to be charged Licence* to be renewed yearly,

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that no Person or Persons shall retail any Foreign Tine, or any AVffiy'Z'-i made Wines or Sweets, or any d Hilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, after e Expiration of such ins, her, or their Licence, unltls inch Person or Persons shall take out a fresh Licence

Penalty of 50l. ©n i'erforu retailing Wine, Sec, without Licence, or nut re-re wi' gif,

On Dea'h or Re-movalot licenkd Person«, the Commissioner* of Exrile, ive. nay authoiile the Executor* or Assigneci to carry on the Tra le fee the Remainder of the Term.

One Licence

f'ltTicicnl for ft Purt» efih p in Cf>e House. L:cence n«.t to tuth ri/e he Sale of W Arc. in any u'h'r House than that for which it \va* grained.

Kot to prejudice the Vrivil t-ti of the two Univer-iiuei.

nor the Vintner* Cot, niny, nor

any Town Corporate.

\Y

the

for the like Purpose, in the Manner herein-before dnected, ten Days at least before the Expiration of such former Licence, and so in like Manner renew every such Licence from Year to Year and if any Person or Persons shall retail any Foreign Wine, or any L7/7//b-nnde Wines or Sweets, orany distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, without first taking out a Licence authorising him, hcr? or them so to do, and renewing the fa ne as is herein-before in that Behalf directed, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death of any Person so licensed, or upon the Removal of any Person or Perons lo licenkd from the entered House or Premises in which such. his, her, or their Licence shall authorize him, her, or them to retad Foreign Wine, or to retail British-made Wines or Sweets, or to retail distilled Spiiimous Liquors or Strong Waters, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commi.honors of Excile in England and Scotland reflectively for the Time being, or any one or more of them, and to and for the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in England.and Scotland respectively, within their respective Collections ami District?, to authorite and impower the Executors or Administrators, or the Wife or Child of such deceased Person, or the Assignee or Assigns of any such Person so re- moving, who shall be possessed of such House or Premises, in like Manner to retail Foreign Wine, or to retail-British-made Wine? or Sweets, or to ictail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, as the Case may require, in the sameerttered House or Premises where such Person lo licensed, i»y virtue of such Licence, carried on such Trade, during the Residue of toe Term for which such Licence was originally granted, without taking out a new Licence during the Refffiue of the said Term: Provided always, That Persons trading in P'arinerftiip, and in one House or Shop only, shall not he obliged to take out more than one Licence in any one Year, either for retailing Foreign Wine, or for retailing British-made Wines or Sweet-, or for retailing difrilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Water, as the Case may be; and that no one Licence, which fh.dl be granted by virtue of this Act, shall authorize or impower any Person or Persons to retail Foreign Wine, or to retail /hvk'ffi-nude Wirus or Sweets, or to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Wa-House, Warehouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place than such Houses,

hffi ?'ne* or .^ey shall retail Spirituous Liquors or Strong

such Licence, and whereof Emry in Writing of such Person or Peribas at the Time of grat-

ters, m any other

Warehouses, Shops, Rooms, Cellars, Vaults, or ortier Place?, in which Foreign Wine, or retail Bntt/h-nnffie Wines or Sweets, or retail distilled Waters, as the Case may require, at the Time of gr nuin shall be made at the Office ot Excise in the Name or Names of ing such Licence.

XI. Provided always, That nothing herein-before contained (half in anyv/ife be prejudicial to the Privileges of the two Universities in that Part of Great Britain called Engl md^ or either of them, nor to the Chancellors or Scholars of the same, or their Successors, but that they may u(e and enjoy such Privileges as they have heretofore lawfully uied and enjoyed; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided also, that nothing herein-before contained shall extead or be prejudicial to the Matter, Wardens, Freemen, and Commonalty of the Vintne.s of the City of Lmdra% or to any other City or Town Corporate, bat that they may use and enjoy such Liberties and Privilegcs as they have heretofore lawfully uied

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 38.

4i

pany by Redemption to take oul Licences.

Letters Parent

for licensing

Taverns at Sr. Alban's con-

deemed Retail* era.

and enjoyed: Provided also, that no Person who shall be admitted to the Freedom of the said Company of Freemen of the Vintners of the City of London by Redemption only, shall be exempted from the Obligation of taking out a Vin!ners L'om-Licence for retailing Foreign Wine, but that the b reemen only of the said Company, who shall have been nanu Kv already admitted to their Freedom, or who shall be admitted to their Freedom in Right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, shall be intitled to such Exemption.

XIII. Provided also, that nothing herein-before contained shall in any wise extend to debar or hinder the Mayor or Burgesses of the Borough of Saint Alban's in the County of Hertford., or their Successors, from enjoying, Uiing, and exercising all such Liberties, Powers, and Authorities to them heretofore granted by fe- M1()an-, veral Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, by Queen Elizabeth and King fames the First, for erecting, appointing, and licensing of three several Wine Taverns within the Borough aforesaid, for and towards the Maintenance of the Free School there; but that the same Liberties, Powers, and Authorities shall be, and the same are hereby establi filed and confirmed, and shall remain and continue in and to the said Mayor and Burgesses, and their Successors, to and for the charitable Uie aforesaid, and according to the Tenor of the Letters Patent aforesaid, as though this Act had never been made; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Licence No Licence to to retail Foreign Wine, or to retail British-made Wines or Sweets, or to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors be&ranted but to or Strong Waters, shall be granted to any Person or Persons whatsoever, save and except to such Persons on- m^hfha^ve l* ly to whom a Licence to retail Foreign Wine, or to retail British-made Wines or Sweets, or to retail «,fcesbeibrethe distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters respectively, might lawfully be granted by the several Acts of pairing this Act, Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who shall who shall be fell, offer, or expose to Sale, any Foreign Wine, in any less Quantity than shall be equal to the Measure or Quantity in which the same shall have been or may be lawfully imported by way of Merchandize, shall be deemed and taken to be a Retailer or Retailers of Foreign Wine within the Meaning of this Act; and if any Foreign Wine shall at any Time be fold, offered, or exposed to Sale, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, in any Quantity less than the Measure or Quantity in which the same shall have been or might have been lawfully imported by way of Merchandize, such felling, offering, or exposing to Sale, shall be deemed and taken to be a retailing of Foreign Wine, within the Meariing of this Act; and all and every Person and Persons who shall fell, offer, or expose to Sale, any British-made, Wine or Sweets, in the Quantity of twenty-five Gallons, or under, shall be deemed and taken to be a Retailer or Retailers of British-made Wines or Sweets within the Meaning of this Act; and if any British-made Wine or Sweets shall at any Time be fold, offered, or exposed to Sale, by any Person or Persons whatsoever in any Quantity less than twenty-five Gallons, such felling, offering, or exposing to Sale, shall be deemed and taken to be a retailing of British-made Wines and Sweets within the Meaning of this Act; and all and every Person and Persons who shall fell, offer, or expose to Sale, any Brandy, Rum, Arrack, Usquebaugh, Geneva, Aquavit*, or any other distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, unmixed or mixed with themselves or any other Ingredients, in any less Quantity than two Gallons, shall be deemed and taken to be a Retailer or Retailers of distilled Spirituous Liquors and Strong Waters within the Meaning of this Act; and if any Brandy, Rum, Arrack, Usquebaugh, Geneva, Aquavitae, or any other distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, unmixed or mixed with themselves, or any other Ingredients, shall at any Time be fold, offered, or exposed to Sale, by any Person or Persons whatsoever in any Quantity less than two Gallons, such felling, offering, or exposing to Sale, shall be deemed and taken to be a retailing of distilled Spirituous Liquors and Strong Waters within the Meaning of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at I^flniinster^ or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine,

Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the said several Acts made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, in the thirtieth and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the lame give any Power or Authority to the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any of them, to grant Licences to fell Wine by Retail, or to fell by Retail British-made Wines or Sweets; and also that the said several Acts made in the sixteenth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, so far as the same gave any Power or Authority to the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any of them, or to the Persons appointed by them, or any of them, or the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, to grant Licences to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

30 Geo. III. G XIX. And

How Penalties

may be sued for, and bow to be divided.

Duties so be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

From Oct. 10, 1790, recited Acts of 9 Ann. 30 and 31 Geo.

II. and 26 Geo.

III. as far as they authorize the Commissioners of Stamps to grant Licences; and 16 and 24 Geo. 11, and Geo. III. as far as they authorize the Commissioners of Excise to grant Licences, refealed,

42

Powers of former Acts reUr-ing to the retailing of Wine, &c. (unless hereby altered) to extend to this Act.

Powers of i% Car. II. Cap. *4, or of any other Act relating to the Ek-cife, to extend to this Act.

[Preamble.]

*4 Geo. III. Cap 46. and

*5 Geo. III. Cap. 73. recited.

C. 39. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Exceptions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in or by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the retailing of Foreign Wine, or British- made Wines or Sweets, or distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or to Licences to retail the same respectively, in force immediately before the passing of this Act, are contained, provided, settled, or established, for railing, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing the Rates or Duties by Lawim-posed for or in respect of such Licences, and for preventing, detesting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, or for the regulating the retailing of the said Liquors respectively, and not being expressly altered, repealed, changed, or commuted by this Act, or not being repugnant to any of the Matters, Clauses, Provisions, or Regulations in this Act contained, shall be and continue in full Force, and be duly observed, practised, applied, and put in Execution throughout Great Britain, in and for the managing, assessing, raising, levying, collect— ing, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and securing the said several Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing, detesting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, and for regulating: the retailing of the said Liquors respectively, so far as the same are applicable thereunto respectively, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Exceptions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been expressly inferred and re-enacted in this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions*. Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An Act for taking away the Court oflVards and' Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knight's Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof), or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Eycife* are provided and eftaKMned, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act), shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing, detesting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to alt Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses*. Matters, and! hings, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act*

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for making Allowances to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malrr Corn, or Grain, in Scotland, in respect of the Duties imposed by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to discontinue for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low IFines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption as for

Exportation; and for clejlroying all Home-made and Foreign Spirits after thf Condemnation thereof; and for vesting in his Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands of Ferentolh, in the County ^/"Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Impojls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies; it was enacted, That, for and during the Space of two Years, to be computed from the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, all the Rates and Duties granted and imposed up- on Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, in and by any Act or Acts theretofore made and then in force, should be diffontinued, and that in Lieu and Stead thereof, the several Rates and Duties in the said Act mentioned should, for and during the said Term of two Years, be substituted, charged, and paid, which Duties in the said Act mentioned are lower in Value than the Duties by the said Act discontinued

And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to declare, that Brewers selling Beer or Ale in Ifs Quantities than a Cask, containing four Gallons and a half, shall not be intit led to any Allowance out of the Duties of Excise for Jvqfle or Leakage; and for making Allowances to Dislillers of Low IVincs and Spirits from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in respect to the Duties imposed by an Art of the last Session of Parliament, it was enacted, That it should be lawful for the Commissioners of

Excise in England, or the major Part of them, in Cases where the said Duties were charged within the Li- mits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, to pay, out of the Money in their Hands arising by the Du- ties by the said Act granted, unto such Distiller or Distillers, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty-two Pounds Sterling for every two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Spirits made from Malt, Corn, or Grain, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Quantity; and also for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or the major Part of them, in Cases where the said Duties were charged within the Li- mits of the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh, to pay, out of the Money in their Hands arising by the said Duties, unto such Distiller or Distillers, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding a rateable Propor- tion of twenty-two Pounds Sterling for every two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Spii its made from- Malt, Corn, or Grain, according to the Duties charged thereon in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and also, that it should and might be lawful for any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, in England and Scotland respectively, within which such Duties were charged, in Cases where the said Duties were charged out of the said respective Limits, to order the Collector of the said

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 40. 43

said Duties to pay, out of the Money in his Hands arising by the Duties by the said Act granted, unto such < Distiller or Distillers, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty-two Pounds Sterling for every two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Spirits made from Malt, Corn, or Grain, and in Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and in a rateable Proportion of twenty-two Pounds for every two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Spirits made from Malt, Corn, or Grain, according to the Duties charged thereon in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, according to the respective Stocks of such Distiller or Distillers, as the same was taken by the Officers of Excise respectively who surveyed the several and respective Malt Distillers between the twenty-second Day of October in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the Commencement of the said Act; and if the said Collector should not have Money sufficient in his Hands to pay the said Sums so ordered, the Commissioners should cause the same to be paid out of any Monies arising by the said Duties, under and subject to the several Provisoes, Rules, Restrictions, Regulations, and Provisions, in the said Act contained: And whereas, between the said twenty-second Day of October and the second Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, certain Distillers or Makers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, were possessed of large Quantities of Spirits made and distilled by them from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which Spirits had been regularly permitted from thence to London: And whereas no Provision is made, in or by the said Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for any Allowance to be made to such Distillers for or in respect of such Spirits; and it is reasonable that some Allowances should be made to them for and in respect of such Spirits Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or the major Part of them, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, to pay, out of any Money arising from the Duties of Excise in the Hands of them the said Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, unto such Distiller or Distillers, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eight thousand two hundred Pounds Sterling for such Spirits, upon Proof being made, to the Satisfaction of them the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, that such Spirits had been so permitted from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that Part of Great Britain called England: Provided always nevertheless, that no such Allowance shall be made, unless the same shall be applied for by Memorial in Writing to the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

CAP. XL.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, in-tiruled. An Act for repealing the Ditties on Tobacci and Snuffy and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof

The Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, with the Approbation of the Treasury, may pay to Distillers in Scotland, who had irt their Possession between Oft,

21, and Nov. 1% 1784, Spirits which had bee* regularly permittee o London, 8,2ool. if Application be made to the Treasury before July 5, 1790,

I

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Du- ties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, it was enacted, That there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, (among other Things), for every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, imported or brought into Great Britain, a Custom Duty of one Shilling and Sixpence, and also an Excise Duty of two Shillings; and for every Pound Weight of the like Tobacco which should be delivered for Exportation, out of the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same should be deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of the said Act, a Duty of Customs of one Penny, and also an Excise Duty of Two-pence: And whereas it was by the said Act provided. That if any such Tobacco should be imported or brought into Great Britain, and warehoused according to the Directions of the said Act, then, and in such Case only, the Duties imposed by the said Act upon the Importation thereof, should not be paid or payable until such Tobacco should be delivered, either

for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, or for Exportation, as the Case might be, out of the Warehouse in which the same should be deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of the said Act Be it enacted by the Kind's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said respective Duties of one Penny and Two-pence per Pound, and no other Duty or Only the Dutie* Duties whatsoever, of Customs or Excise, shall be paid or payable for or in respect of any Tobacco of the of id. and ad. Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, which shall be Per Pound, im-delivered for Exportation out of the Warehouse in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and secured, ac- *the b*" cording to the Directions of the said Act; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary in anywise paid for Spani

notwithstanding. # # or Portugal To-

bacco, delivered for Exportation from th? King'* Warehouse.

[Preamble.]

29 Geo. III. Cap. 6S. recit*d*

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever a Difference between the Weight of Tobacco taken upon the Deposit thereof in the Warehouse, and the Weight taken at the Delivery thereof out of the Warehouses, according to the Directions of the said Act, shall appear to have arisen from Shrinkage by lying in the Warehouses, then, and in such Case, the Duties of Customs and Excise, for and in respect of such Tobacco deli-

G 1 vered

If there be a Difference in Weight by Shrinkage, such Tobacco to be paid for accord-

C ^.Oi

Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

vered out of such Warehouses, according to the Diregions of the said Act, shall be paid and payable according to the Weight thereof when weighed on such Delivery out of such Warehouses.

1

III. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco or Snuff whatever shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, from Foreign Parts, other wise than in Hogshead, Cade, Chest, or Case only, each of which shall contain four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight Nett of Tobacco or Snuff, except as in and by the (kid Act is otherwise particularly provided, on Pain of Forfeiture of all such Tobacco as shall be imported contrary to this Act, together with the Hogsheads, Cades, Cherts, cases, or other Packages containing the same j any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

ctpt u provided by the recited Act.

HoTohdcco (ex-c*pt Spanish or Portugal, and Snuff) to be imported trunu-fafi tired, or in any State of Manufo&ure, on Pain of Forfeiture. &c.

Tobacco imported on or before Oct. 10* 1789, and remaining in any Warehoo<e

on July s. «79°»

to be deemed Tobacco imported fioce Oct. to,

17S9.

Commissionere of Uae Custama and Excise may eause damaged or mean Tobacco to be tornt within 3 Dayi after Refusal to pay the Duties.

C lac fie af recited Act which prohibits the reanu-faftaring ot Tobacco, iic. out of the Limits of tbt Excise Office in London, except the Places therein specified, repealed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by tfit Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall set up or begin, or cause or procure to be set up or begun, any Manufactory or Manufactories of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, in any Place or Places whatsoever, which shall be less than five Miles distant from any Part of the Sea Coast of Great Britain (except in the Ports and Places in the said Act enumerated, into which Tobacco may lawfully be imported, and except in any Place or Places within three Miles of such Ports and Places respectively, and also except in Cities and the Suburbs thereof, and Market Towns); and that no Entry of any House, Warehouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, being less than five Miles distant from any Part of the Sea Coast of Great Britain, and not being in such excepted Places, or any of them, as aforesaid, which shall be set up or begun for the manufacturing any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, shall be of any Effect or Avail, but shall be void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all and every Person and Persons manufacturing, or causing or procuring to be manufactured, any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, in any House, Warehouse, Shop. Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place^ situate and being in any Place or Places which shall be less than five Miles distant from any Part of the Sea Coast of Great Britain, except in Places herein-before excepted, or any of them, shall, notwithstanding any Entry of the same, be deemed and taken to be a Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff

without

Mo Manufactory of Tobacco/ See. to be set up within 5 Miles of the Sea Coart, except in the Places into which-Tobacco may be imported, &c.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Tobacco fexcept Tobacco of the

Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plantations of Spain or and also except Snuff) shall be

imported or brought into Great Britain from Foreign Parts, either wholly or in Part manufactured, or in any State or Degree of Manufacture, on Pain of forfeiting all such Tobacco, with the Hogsheads, Carts, Cherts, cases, and other Packages respectively containing the same, and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in or on board which the same shall be lo imported or brought, with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel; and such Tobacco, Hogsheads, Casks, Cherts, cases, and other Packages respectively, and also such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or F.xcise.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Tobacco, which shall have been imported into Great Britain on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, shall, on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, remain in any Warehouse or Warehouses which shall have been appointed by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, for the Purpose of depositing, lodging, and securing such Tobacco, all such Tobacco shall be, and shall be deemed and considered as Tobacco imported int©-or*?< Britain after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and shall be liable to such and the like Duties, and entitled to such Drawbacks, and no other, and shall be subject to all and every the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions to which Tobacco imported into Great, after die

said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, is made subject and liable by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act; and all and every the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions in the said recited Act contained, in respect of Tobacco imported after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, shall extend, and be construed to extend, and are hereby directed to extend, to all Intents and Purposes, to Tobacco imported on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and remaining in such Warehouses on die feid fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall, and may be lawful for die respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise to cause damaged or mean Tobacco, for which the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees thereof shall reftife to pay the Dudes, to be burnt or destroyed at the Ena of three Days next after such Refusal, if such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Con-signee or Consignees, shall, during such Space of three Days, neglect orrefufe to pack such damaged or mean Tobacco into Packages, containing not less than seven hundred and fifty Pounds Weighteach, according to the Directions and Regulations in the said recited Act; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clause of the said recited Act, and the

Matters therein contained, which prohibit any Person or Persons to manufacture, or to cause or procure to be manufactured, out of the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in, any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spa-

nish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, in any Place or Places whatsoever, other than and except the Places in the said Clause specified, and all Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures in the same Clause mentioned, and every Proviso relating to the Matters of the (add Clause in the said Act mentioned, or any of them, shall be, and the same is and are hereby repealed.

ing to the Weight when delivered out of the Warehouse.

Mo Tobacco or Snuff to be imported in Cafkfl» containing less than 4501b. on Pjiin of Forfeit ore. &c. rx-

45

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 40.

without Entry, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff without Entry are subject to by the said recited Act 5 any Thing in the said recited Aci contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed to extend, to annul or m:ike void any Entry of, or to fubied any Person or Persons to any Penalty or Forfeiture, in respect of any T ebacco or Snuff being manufactured in any Tobacco or Snuff Manufactory, which shall have been used as such Tobacco or Snuff Manufactory at any Time on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and whereof aue Entry shall be made at the Office of Excite, or any Room, Vault, or other Place which shall be erected, and shall belong and appertain thereunto; any Thingtierein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff, to manufacture his, her, or their Snuff Work, either into Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, or Brown Scotch Snuff, although such manufacturing thereof shall be different from any Declaration by him, her, or them delivered to the Officer of Excise in pursuance of the said Act or of this Act, such Manufacturer and Manufacturers respectively observing and performing the several Rules, Regulations, Notices, and Declarations in that Behalf prescribed and directed by this Act; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

but not to extend to Placet duly eo'ered at the Excise Office before July J* »7*9«

Snuff Work may be manufacturek into Rappee, Scotch, or Brown Scotch Snuff, though contrary to the Declaration delivered to the

Officer, if the Manufacturer observe the Regulation* of this Act.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall and may give to the proper Officer of Excise, from Time to Time, whilst such Snuff Work shall be in Cask or Bin pursuant to the said Act, a previous Notice in Writing, according to the Directions of this Act, of his, her, or their Intention to manufacture such Snuff Work different from his, her, or their former Declaration or Declarations, and in such Notice shall specify the Cask and Casks, or Bin and Bins, and the Number and Numbers thereof respectively, in which such Snuff Work shall then be, and the Time or Times when such Snuff Work was laid down or added to in pursuance of this Act, and the Purpose for which the same was before declared to be laid down; and also shall, within forty-eight Hours next after every such Notice being so given as last aforesaid, deliver to such Officer a fresh Declaration in Writing, specifying the Weight of Rich Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks,'and Returns, respectively, and die Weight of the Tobacco Stalk Flour (if any) laid down in such Snuff Work, and whether the same, and how much thereof respectively, is intended tone made into Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, or Brown Scotch Snuff, and shall proceed without Delay to manufacture the same, and finish the manufacturing thereof, according to the last Declaration in that Respect delivered; and all such Snuff Work shall, after any such Notice and Declaration being given as last aforesaid, be subject to the like Norices and Declarations, and to the like Rules, Regulations, Penalties* and Provisions, as are by the said Act and this Act required and provided, with respect to Snuff Work laid down and manu-fadured according to the Directions of the said Act and of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff, to add to any Parcel of Snuff Work in Operation (once whilst the same shall be laid down in Calk or Bin, in pursuance of the said Act, or once immediately before or in the grinding thereof, or once at or during each of the said respective Operations, but not oftener) any Quantity of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Returns of Tobacco, or either of them, upon his, her, or their giving, from Time to Time, to the proper Officer of Excise, previous to any such Increase being made, a like Notice in Writing as herein i9 directed, of such his, her, or their Intention, specifying in each such Notice the particular Calk and Casks, or Bin and Bins, and the Number and Numbers thereof respectively, in which such Snuff Work shall then bej or from out of which such Snuff Work has been taken, as the Case may be, and the Time when such Snuff Work was first laid down, and also the Time when any Increase. if any was made thereto, and the Weights of the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Returns of Tobacco, respectively intended to be added to such Snuff' Work \ any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, giving any such Notice as last aforesaid, shall immediately on such Officer's Attendance pursuant to such NoticeVand which Attendance every such Officer is hereby required to give accordingly), or within one Hour after the Time specified in such Notice, weigh all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks* Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Returns of Tobacco, respectively, as shall be intended to be added to such Snuff Work, and which shall be weighed separate and apart from each other, in the Presence of such Officer, who shall take an Account of the same, and shall allb immediately after the same respectively shall have been weighed, and an Account thereof taken, deliver to such Officer a Declaration in Writing, specifying the Weights of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks* Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Returns of Tobacco, respectively intended to be added to such Snuff Work, and also the Weights of the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Returns of Tobacco, before laid down in or added to such Snuff Work, and whether such Snuff Work, and how much thereof respectively, is Snuff Work for Rappee Snuff, Snuff Work for Scotch Snuff, or Snuff Work for Brown Scotch Snufl^ and the Time when such Snuff Work was laid down, and also the Time when any Increase (if any) was made thereto; and all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Returns of Tobacco, so added or intended to be added to such Snuff Work, Fhall, after any such Notice and Declaration given as last aforesaid, be subject to the like Notices, and to the like Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Provisions, as are by the said Act and this Act required and provided with respect to Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Returns of Tobacco* laid down or manufactured into Snuff Work according to the Directions of the said Act and of this Act.

Notice to be given the Officer of any Intention to imnufacture Snuff Work different from Declaration* Ac.

To Snuff Work

in Operation, Tobacco, &c. may be added at the Time* herein specified, ftc.g

if the Manufae* tuner comply with the Regulation! herein mentioned.

46

The Whole of any Parcel of Snuff Work in Cure may be inixeH with the Whole of any other Parcel in Cure, though laid down at different Times, it mixed in the 'Presence of an Offucr, &c.

To supply Cuf-tomers with m mufactured Tob2cco or Snuff, not l?fs than 2oolb. may be taken from Tobacco or Snutf in Operation, upon giving Not ice to the Officer, Sec,

but if taken without such Notice, &c. the Manufacturer to forfeit 5QI.

British Rappee, Scotch, or Brown Scotch Snutf, completely finished, may be liquoied before mixed with Snutf of a different Making, soit exceed not the legal Credit.

Manufacturers intending to li* ,quor Snuff, for which the legal Credit has not been r-ceived, to give Norice to the Officer, &c.

min

C. 40. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for arty Manufactureror Manufacturers of Snuff, who shall have laid down Snuff Work in Cure in several Parcels, or at different Times, to mix*- mingle, and lay together, wliilft the same shall so remain in Cure, the Whole of any one Parcel of Snuff-

Work of one laying down, with the Whole of any other Parcel of Snuff Work of any other laying down, and from thenceforth to proceed in the manufacturing thereof as if the Whole of such Snuff Work, so mixed > together, had been laid down in one Parcel, and at one and the same Time: Provided always, That such./

Parcels of Snuff Work Avail be mixed together in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, upon alike Notice, in Writing, to such Officer in that Respect given, by such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, as by this Act is directed, specifying therein the particular Calk and Casks, or Bin and Bins, and the Number and Numbers thereof respectively, in which the same shall then be, and the Time or Times when such Parcels rq-speCiively were, or any Part thereof was, laid down in Snuff* Work, and such Officer shall and may take an -.

Account of the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this and the said recited Act; and every such Manufacturer or Manufacturers respectively shall, immediately after the same shall have been so mixed together, deliver to such Officer a Declaration in Writing, specifying the Weights of the Tobacco Stalks and

Returns respectively laid down in each Parcel of such Snuff Work, and the Time or Times when such To-, bacco. Tobacco Stalks, and Returns, respectively, or any Part thereof, were or was so laid down in Cure. any T hing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff shall have Occasion to supply the Demands of his, her, or their Customer or Customers with manufactured Tobacco or Snuff, from any Parcel or Quantity of Tobacco or Snuff Work in Operation, before the Whole of such Parcel of Tobacco or Snuff Work shall be completely manufactured, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, to take, for the Purpose aforesaid, any manufactured Tobacco or Snuff, not less than two hundred Pounds in Weight of such manufactured Tobacco or Snuff, from any particular Parcel or Quantity of Tobacco or Snuff'Work then in Operation of Manufacture, although the Whole of such particular Parcel or Quantity of Tobacco or Snuff'Work may not then be completely made or manufactured; provided that every such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall give to such Officer of Excise as aforesaid, a like Notice in Writing, according to the Directions of this Act, of such his, her, or their Intention, and in every such Notice shall specify the Weight of such manufactured Tobacco or Snuff so intended to be taken for the Purpose aforesaid, and also the Time or Times when such particular Parcel or Quantity of Tobacco was weighed to be put in Operation of Manufacture, and the Weight thereof, or the Time or Times when such Snuff* Work was declared to be laid down, and the Weights of the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Returns, respectively laid down therein, as the Case may be, and also that in every such Case such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall immediately on such Officer's Attendance pursuant to such Notice (which Attendance every such Officer is hereby required to give accordingly) weigh all such manufactured Tobacco or Snuff so taken, as the Case may be, in the Presence of such Officer, who shall be permitted to take an Account thereof, and shall immediately after the same respectively shall have been weighed, and an Account thereof taken, deliver to such Officer a Declaration in Writing, specifying the Weight of such manufactured Tobacco or Snuff so taken, and the Weight of the particular Parcel or Quantity of Tobacco or Snuff' Work from whence the same is so taken, at the Time or Times when the same was put in Operation; And if any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff shall take any Tobacco or Snuff* from any particular Parcel or Quantity of Tobacco, or Snuff'Work, put in Operation of Manufacture, before the Whole of such particular Parcel or Quantity of Tobacco, or Snuft* Work, shall be completely manufactured, without giving such Notice as aforesaid, or weighing the same in the Presence of such Officer, according to the Directions of this Act, or having given such Notice as aforesaid, and weighed such manufactured Tobacco, or Snuff Work, specified -therein, according to the Directions of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to permit such Officer to take an Account thereof, or shall neglect or refuse to give such Declaration in Writing as aforesaid, such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Brkish Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, or Brown Scotch Snuff, which shall have been completely made and finished, and an Account thereof taken by the Officers of Excise, to liquor or damp the same, at any Time before such Snuff shall be mixed with Snuffof a different Making, under and subject to the several Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions herein in that Behalf prescribed, so as the Weight of such Snuft* so liquored or damped shall not exceed the greatest Extent of Credit given by the said recited Act or this Act to such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, for or in respect of such Snuff y any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, who shall intend to liquor or damp any such Snuff, in respect whereof the greatest Extent of Credit allowed by this or the said recited Act has not been received, shall give to the proper Officer of Excise a like Notice in Writing, according to the Directions of this Act, of his, her, or their Intention to liquor or damp such Snuff, and in each and every such Notice shall specify the Kinds and Weight of each Kind of such Snuff so intended to be liquored or damped, and how much such Snuff, and each Kind of such Snuff, at the Time when an Account was first taken of the same by the Officer of Excite, fell short of the greatest Extent of Credit given to such Manufacturer or Manufacturers by the said Act, or by this Act, for or in respect of such Kind of Snuft*; and that every such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, immedia ely on such Officer's Attendance pursuant to such

1 Notice

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 40. 47

Notice (and which Attendance such Officer is hereby required to give accordingly) shall, in the Presence of such Officer, weigh all such Snuff intended to beliquored or damped, and liquor or damp the same; and immediately after the same shall have been so liquored or damped, such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall, in the Presence of such Officer, reweigh the same, and if the same, upon being so weighed, shall not, by means of such liquoring or damping, have increased in Weight more than such Snuff, at the Time of first taking Account thereof by the Officer of Excise, fell short of the greatest Extent of Credit given to such Manufacturer or Manufacturers by the said Act or by this Act, for or in respect of such Kind of Snuff, then such Snuff"

shall (upon all and singular the Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions herein in that Pehalf prescribed being fully complied with, but not oaherwife) notwithstanding such Increase of Weight, be deemed and taken to be a fair Commodity, and no Part thereof shall be forfeited for or by Reason of such Increase of Weight, but such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall have Credit for the same in Stock accordingly.

if

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be No Snuff to b'e

deemed or construed to extend, to authorize any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff to liquor or damp 1;nu0ltd >>> any Snuff less in Quantity than two hundred Pounds Weight, nor to liquor ordamp any one Making of such ^b.'nor'i Snuff" in more than four different Parcels. ' \n

different Parcels of one Making.

XVI1L Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every such Manufacturer and Manufacturers Snuflr> fa which shall keep all such Snuff, on which any such Allowance shall be made, separate and apart from all other Snuff [ucch jln A,ow-

in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, and shall from Time to Time shew the same to the Officer of Ex- ^ade, to bekept

cife under whose Survey he, she, or they shall be, upon Demand, and declare at what Time or Times any fcparaic from all'

such Allowance shall have been made to him, her, or them, in respect of such Snuff', and the Amount of such other Snuff, &c.

Allowance, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds for every Neglect or Refusal on r*aaltj of

20 !.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Manufacturer or Manu- Scotch Snuff and;

fa£lurers of Snuff to manufacture Scotch Snuff" and Tobacco Stalk Flour into Brown Scotch Snuff, and also to Tobacco Stalk, manufacture Tobacco Stalk Flour into Rappee Snuff', under and subject to the like Rules, Regulations, Re- F,our may be ftriclions, Provisoes, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Notices, and Declarations, respectively, by this n"fanur'<i' Ad or by the said Act prescribed, provided, or directed, for and in respect of the manufacturing of Snuff, and so°chTmifr as the Case may require, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act and this Act. and Tobacco r

Stalk Flour into Rappee Snuff.-

XX. And be it further enacted, That in taking an Account of the Stock of all and every Manufacturer In taking Stock

and Manufacturers of Snuff', who shall have manufactured any Scotch Snuff with Tobacco Stalk Flour into hefe Scotch Brown Scotch Snuff, or any Tobacco Stalk Flour into Rappee Snuff, or who shall have added Tobacco b^cco saikT°" Stalk Flour to his, her, or their Snuff Work for Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, or Brown Scotch Snuff, ac- Flour have beta cording to the Directions of this Act, all and every such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall have a. Credit manufactured according to the following Proportions; (that is to say), mto Brown

bacco Stalk into Rappee, or where Tobacco Stalk Flour has been added to Snuff Work for Rappee, etc. the Manufacturer to be allowed the following

For every one hundred Pounds Weight of Scotch Snuff which such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall Credits-manufacture with Tobacco Stalk Flour for Brown Scotch Snuff', he, she, or they shall have a proper Credit, not exceeding one hundred and forty-one Pounds Weight of Brown Scotch Snuff; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Scotch Snuff so manufactured:

For every one hundred rounds Weight of Tobacco Stalk Flour, which such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall manufacture with Scotch 'Snuff', for Brown Scotch Snuff, he, she, or they, shall have a proper Credit, not exceeding one hundred and thirty- three Pounds Weight of Brown Scotch Snuff; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Tobacco Stalk Flour so manufactured:

For everyone hundred Pounds Weight of Tobacco Stalk flour, which such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall manufacture for Rappee Snuff, or shall add to his, her, or their Snuff Work for Rappee Snuff, he, she, or they shall have a proper Credit, not exceeding one hundred and twenty-eight Pounds Weight of such Rappee Snuff; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such tobacco Stalk Flour which such'.

Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall so manufacture, or add to his, her, or their Snuff Works for Rappee Snuff:.

For every one hundred Pounds Weight of Tobacco Stalk Flour which such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall manufacture for Brown Scotch Snuff, or shall add to hisr her, or their Snuff Work for Brown Scotch Snuff', he, she, or they shall have a proper Credit not exceeding one hundred and thirty-three Pounds'

Weight of such Brown Scotch Snuff, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Tobacco Stalk Flour which such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall so manufacture, or add to his, her, or their Snuff Work for Brown Scotch Snuff.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in Case any Officer or Officers shall at any Time discover or find, in the Stock of any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff, any Quantity of Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, or Brown Scotch bnuiF, greater than the Credit herein-before in that Behalf allowed to such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, such Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, and Brown Scotch Snuff, respectively, so found in Excels, shall be deemed and taken to be brought into the House, Warehouse, Workhouse, Shop, Room, Cellar,

Vault, or other Place made use of by^ such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, without any authentic Permit granted and given according to the Directions of the said Act, and shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excile-

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Siftings arising from the second Dressings of Short Cut To- Siftings of second

bacco or Shag Tobacco, and all Returns of Snuff, shall be deemed and taken to be Returns of Tobacco Drcfl*,npof within the Meaning of the said recited Act and of this present Act. Sh^1 Tobacco

and Returns of Snuff, to be deemed Returns of Tobacco.

Any Ereefs found ofth* Credit?, to bC forfeited.

48

Manufacturers may keep and life Dye for stainingTobac* co.

So much of Clause 11 $ of recited Act repealed as directs that the Permi s for Removal of Tobacco or Snuff from the Mil), shall be for no more than the Weight afterbeingftoved or dried.

Permits may be granted for the Removal of not less than loolb. of unmanufactured Tobacco in any Package, from entered Premises to the Mill.

Tobacco Stalks Gripped from the Leaf may be re-mo veil by Permit, from entered Premises, out of the Limits of the Bills of Mortality, fee, to any Place within those Limits, &c.

Tobacco, etc. may be removed to any entered Millto be manu-fadluicd, etc.

Permits for Removal «»f Tobacco, &c. from the Mill backto the Manufacturer's Premises, not illegal, on account of any Operation at the Mill.

Snuff Work removed, except from the Premises where laid down to the

C. 40. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothin? in the said recited Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prohibit any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco from dying or ftaiii-ing with any Liquid Dye or Stain, any Tobacco mimiifacturing or manufactured into Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Garret Tobacco, or any Tobacco Stalks manufacturing or manufactured into Spanish, or from having such Liquid Dye or Stain in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, for the Purpose of flaming or dying such Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks so manufacturing or manufactured; any Thingin the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in cnvwhy notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of a CT'-P. in the said recited Act as provides drat the Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff, who lii-'ll have icoved or finished Tobacco, or dried Snuff Work, at any Cutting Mill or Snuff Mill, shall noth? entitled to or receive a Permit for the Removal of any greater Quantity of manufactured Tobacco or Snuff than tiu Weight of such Tobacco or Snuff Work respectively, after such Tobacco shall have been so ffoved or finished, or such Snuff Work lnall have been so dried, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that it mall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer or Officers of Excil'e to grant a Permit or Permits to such Manufacturer or Manufacturers for the Removal of the whole Quantity of manufactured Tobacco or Snuff Work respectively from such Cutting Mill or Snuff Mill, without Regard being had or made to the Weight of such Tobacco or Snuff Work, at the Time of ftoving or finishing such Tobacco, or drying such Snuff Work, subject nevertheless to all and every other the Regulations and Restrictions in the said Act*, or this Act prescribed for the Removal of such Tobacco or Snuff from such Mill or Mills.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of Tobacco, to remove by Permit, and to and for the proper Officer or Officers of Excise to grant a Permit for the Removal of any unmanufactured Tobacco, in any Quantity not less than two hundred Pounds in Weight, and in any Package whatsoever, from the entered Premises of such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, to any Mill, for the Purpose of being manufactured at such Mill, according to the Provisions of the said Act and of this Act, and under and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures in the said Act or in this Act contained, for the Removal of 1 obacco from any Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff, who shall carry on any Manufactory of Tobacco or Snuff in any entered Premises situate out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or the Chief Office of Excise in London, or any of the Ports of Importation of Tobacco in the said recited Act enumerated, or within two Miles of any such Ports, to remove, by Permit, any Tobacco Stalks arisen and (tripped from the Leaf at such his, her, or their entered Premises, and whereof the proper Officer of Excise has taken an Account in pursuance of the said Act, to any Place within the Limits aforesaid, under and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in the said Act or in this Act prescribed for the Removal of Tobacco Stalks from any Part of this Kingdom to any Place not within the said Limits, or either of them, in Case such Manufacturer or Manufacturers I hall not have received into, and have in his, her, or their entered Premises, Ctistody, or Possession, at the Time of requesting a Permit for such Removal, any other Tobacco Stalks whatever, whereof the proper Officer of Excise has not taken any Account, or whereof such Officer has taken Account, in pursuance of the said Act, as Tobacco Stalks received into such entered Premises, by Permit, from the Stock of any other Manufacturer or Manufacturers j any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff, to manufacture his, her, or their Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Snuff Work, and Returns of Tobacco, respectively, at any Mill whereof an Entry hath been duly made at the Office of Excise, in pursuance of the said Act, and to remove the same respectively, by Permit, from the Premises of such Manufacturer or Manufacturers to such Mill, for the Purpose of being so manufactured, under and subject to the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions in the said recited Act and this Act mentioned, by which Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Snuff Work, and Returns of Tobacco, or either of them, may be removed from the Premises of any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff to any Mill, for any the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; Provided always, That every Request Note for such Permit, and every such Permit for the Removal of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Snuff* Work, and Returns of Tobacco, respectively, from the Premises of such Manufacturer or Manufacturers to the Mill, shall set forth the Purpose for which the same is to be removed, and the particular Process or Processes of Manufacture to be performed thereon at such Mill.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Permit shall be deemed illegal or insufficient for the Removal of any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, in any Way or Degree manufactured, from the Mill where the same respectively shall have been so manufactured back to the Premises of the same Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff from whence the same respectively shall have been permitted and sent, by Reason of any Process or Operation of Manufacture whatever having been performed thereon at such Mill; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Permit shall be granted, or be valid, for the Removal of any Snuff Work from any Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, except from the entered Premises of the Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff, where the same was laid down, to the Mill, for the Purpose of being ground into Snuff $ and if any Snuff Work flnlll be removed or carried, by Land or by Water, from

any

4

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 41.

any Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, except from the entered Premises of the Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff where the same was laid down, to the Mill, for the Purpose of being ground into Snuff (whether a Permit shall or shall not have been granted for such Removal thereof), all such Snuff Work, together with the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, cases, and other Packages containing the same, and the Horses, Cattle, Boats, Barges, and Carriages, used in such Removal or Carriage thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff to begin any Operation of Manufacture by this Act allowed, and in respect whereof any Notice is required, unless such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall give to the Officer of Excise under whole Survey he, she, or they shall be, previous to his, her, or their beginning any such Operation of Manufacture by this Act allowed, iix Hours Notice in Writing, if his, her, or their entered Premises, in which such Operation of Manufacture, specified in such Notice, is or are intended to be carried on, shall be situate within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excite in London, or within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh; twelve Hours previous Notice in Writing, if such Premises shall be situate in any City, or the Suburbs thereof, or in any Market Town; and twenty-four Hours previous Notice in Writing, if such Premises shall be situate in any other Part of Great Britain, of his, her, or their Intention so to do, and in each and every such Notice shall specify the particular Hour and Time of the Day when he, she, or they shall intend to begin any Operation of Manufacture by this Act allowed, or to do or perform the particular Matter or Thing specified in such Notice to be intended to be done or performed *, and if such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall not begin to do or perform the Matter or Thing specified in such Notice, at the Time, or within one Hour next alter the Time specified in such Notice, the same shall be void and of no Effect, and such Manufacturer and Manufacturers respectively shall be liable to give a new and frefti Notice in Writing of the same, as if no Notice had been before given.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed or created by this Act, shall befuedfor, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Customs or Excile, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and immediately after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

CAP. XLI.

49

Mill, so be forfeited, &c.

Notice to be given, previous to the beginning any Operation of Manufacture,

and if the Opp-rau'on be not bt-gun in an Hour after the specified Time, a fresh Notice to be given.

How Penalties may be sued for, and how to be diviaed.

Act to commence July 5, 1790.

An Act for laying a Duty on the Importation, from any of the Provinces in North America, of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds used for extracting Oil > and for allowing the Importation from the said Provinces of Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed used for Manure, Duty-free.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Manufactures of Rape Oil, and other Vegetable Oils, in this Kingdom, by reducing the Duties on Rape Seed, and other Seeds producing Oil, imported from Ireland; and for allowing the free Importation of Rape Cakes for Manure from Ireland to this Kingdom > and by another Act passed in the twenty- seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Du- ties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the ¥ rench King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annul ties on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt; Rape Seed and all other Seeds commonly made use of for the Purpose of extracting Oil therefrom, being the Growth of Ireland, are allowed to be imported from thence on Payment of the Duty of one Shilling the Last, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be at or above the Price of seventeen Pounds ten Shillings per Last, under the Conditions, Re- gulations, and Restrictions mentioned in the said recited Act passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty: And whereas by the last-recited Act, Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, commonly used for the Purpose of Manure, may be imported at all Times from Ireland Duty-free; and whereas it is expedient to permit the Importation of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds commonly made use of for the Purpose of extracting Oil therefrom, and also Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, commonly used for the Purpose of Manure, from his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces in North America, in like Manner and under the same Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions as such Seeds are allowed to be imported from Ireland f be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to import into Great Britain, in a British-huWt Ship, owned and navigated according to Law, from any of she Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces belonging to his Majesty in North America, Rape Seed, and all other Seeds com-30 Geo. III. H monly

15 Geo. III. Cap. 34 j

and 27 Geo. III. Cap. 13, recited.

From July 5, 1790, Rape Seed, &c. of the Growth of the British Colonic* in America,

5°

C. 4-2> 43'

Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

monly made use of for the Purpose of extracting Oil therefrom, being the Growth of the said Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces, on Payment of the Duty of one Shilling per Last, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be at or above the Price of seventeen Pounds ten Sellings per La ft, and under the same Conditions, Rules, and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures as such Seeds are now allowed to be imported from Ireland, and also Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed commonly used for the Purpose of Manure Duty-free.

iray he imported in Brit' rh-built Ship*, 0'i Payment of is.

Duty per Last, when th* Price of mi idling

Rape Seed rtull be 17l. 10?. pe* Last, and Rape Cakes Duty-free.

Rape Seed from Ireland, or the said Colonies, may be imported without Duty, and lod$»*d in Warehouses, &c, as Com, &c. undtr 13 Geo. III. Cap. 43.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to import, enter, and land Rape Seed from Ireland, or the said Colonies, Plantations, or Provinces, without Payment of Duty, and to lodge and secure the same in Warehouses under the joint Locks of the King and the Importer, and under such and the like Regulations, Provisions, and Restrictions, with respect either to the Warehousing, the taking it out for Home Consumption, or the exporting thereof, as Corn, Meal, and Flour, are permitted to be imported, landed, and warehoused, taken out and exported, by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reigaof his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, certain Provisions contained in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution certain Orders of Council respecting the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain9 and also certain Orders issued by the Governor General of his Majesty's Colonies in America; and for preventing Suits in consequence of the same; and for making further Provisions relative thereto, relating to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain; and to authorize his Majesty to permit the Exportation of* Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour, and to prohibit the Importation thereof on the low Duties.

<€ So much of Act 30 Geo. III. Cap I. as relates to the Importation or Exportation of Corn and Grain, to continue in force till Feb. 28, 1791; before which Day his Majesty, with the Advice of the Privy Counts cil, may permit the Exportation of Wheat, &c. and prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wheat, &c. on the low Duties, &c."

CAP. XLIII.

[Preamble.]

Commissioners of Customs may order the Expences of Seizure, &c, of

An Act to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to defray Charges on Seizures out of his Majesty's Share of Seizures in general.

WHEREAS, by several Acts of Parliament now in force, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Cuf- toms are empowered to cause all Ships, Vessels, and Boats, and all Goods, of what Kind soever they may be, which shall be seized by any Officer of the Customs for any Cause of Forfeiture, and condemned according to Law to be sold, or burnt or otherwise destroyed, in the Manner in the said Acts mentioned: And whereas the respective Officers seizing such Goods are intitled to certain Allowances arising out of the nett Produce of such Seizures as shall be fold, after deducting the Charges of Condemnation and Sale from the Whole, and to certain other Allowances where such Seizures are burnt or otherwise destroy-i ed, pursuant to the Directions of the said Acts: And whereas, in Cases where any Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Goods shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, which are by Law liable on Condemnation to be burnt or otherwise destroyed, or where the Produce arising from the Sale of any particular Seizure shall not be sufficient to answer the Expences of seizing, prosecuting, or condemning the same; or if, upon any Trial, a Verdict shall be given for the Claimant, or the Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Goods seized, shall not be condemned, the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs are by Law impowered, if they think proper, to order the Charges arising by the Condemnation and Sale, and by the Seizure and Prosecution of such Ships, Vessels, and Boats or Goods, whether they shall be condemned or not, and all Manner of Law Bills, and other Charges of Management, to be paid out of his Majesty's Share of the Produce arising by the Sale of any Goods, which had been or might be seized and condemned:

And whereas, in order to encourage the Officers of the Customs to be vigilant in the Exertion of their Duty, it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said Laws, by authorising the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, in all Cases where they in their Discretion and Judgment shall think proper, to pay out of his Majesty's Share of the Produce arising by the Sale of Goods seized and condemned, the Whole or any Parc of the Charges and Expences that may arise from the Seizure and Detention of any Goods whatsoever, or from the Prosecution, Condemnation, or Sale thereof, whether the Goods so seized shall be condemned or not, or whether the Produce arising from the Sale of any Seizure shall be sufficient to answer the said Charges and Expences or not, and in all such Cases to allow to the Officer or Officers who shall seize any such Goods, his or their full Share or Proportion of the nett Produce arising by the Sale or other Disposal of such Seizure, without deducting therefrom such Charges and Expences, or such Part thereof as aforesaid :' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases where any Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Goods, of what Kind loever they may be, shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, it shall and maybe lawful for the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, if they shall think proper, to order the Whole or any Part of the Charges and Expences arising either from the Seizure, Custody, Removal, Detention, or Prosecution of

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 44^ 45.

any such Goods whatsoever, whether such Goods shall be condemned or not, and also of the Charges and Expences arising from the Condemnation and Sale, or other Disposal of any such Goods, whether the Produce arising from the Sale or other Disposal thereof shall be sufficient to answer the said Charges and Expences or not, to be paid out of his Majesty's Share of the Produce arising by the Sale of Seizures which have been or shall and may be seized and condemned; and all and every Officer and Officers, who shall have made'any such Seizure, shall, in every such Case, be allowed by the said Commissioners such his or their respective Share and Proportion of the nett Produce arising by the Sale, or other Disposal thereof, in full, without deducting therefrom the said Charges and Expences, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, as such Officer or Officers respectively was or were by Law intitled unto before the making of this Act, and the Residue of such Produce the said Commissioners shall cause to be paid and applied to such Uses and Purposes as his Majesty's Share of the Produce of such Seizures is by Law applicable unto.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to enable his Majesty to settle a certain Annuity on the Reverend Francis Willis, Doctor of

Physic.

" His Majesty is impowered to grant to the Reverend Francis Willis an Annuity of xoooot. for 21 Years; to be paid clear of all Charges."

CAP. XLV.

An Act for converting certain Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship in Clafies, established by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, into certain Annuities for an absolute Term of Years j and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to nominate Lives for the Shares so converted.

WHEREAS, in pursuance of an Act made and passed in the last Session of Parliament, (intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship in Gaffes j, several Persons who had become Contributors towards raising the Sum of one million two thousand five hundred Pounds, have actually advanced and paid to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the full Sums contributed: And whereas the several Contri- butors, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, are at Liberty, for every en- tire Sum of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings advanced and paid, to name the Life of ibme one Person,

either of such Contributor or some other Life, at any Time or Times on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in Manner in the said Act directed, and by virtue thereof will be- come intitled from the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, for and during the Life of the Nominee who shall be appointed, to an Annuity, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivor- ship in Clafies, in Manner in the said Act mentioned: And whereas the several Contributors, their respect tive Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, or some of them, are or may be willing and desirous to have such respective Interests converted into certain Annuities for an absolute Term of Years herein after mentioned :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons who are interested in, or may be intitled to, any Life Annuity or Annuities, with Benefit of Survivorship as in the said Act is granted, and who shall be possessed of any Certificate or Certificates, made out by the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in pursuance of the said Act, their respective Agents or Assigns, shall and may, at any Time or Times on or before the twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety, carry the said Certificate or Certificates to the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, to be exchanged for other Certificates to be made out by the said Auditor, in the Manner herein after mentioned; and shall and may, by Writing on the Back of every such Certificate, elect to have his, her, or their Interest of 2nd in any such Life Annuity or Annuities, with Benefit of Survivorship, converted into Annuities for such certain and absolute Term or Terms of Years as herein is mentioned; and the said Auditor shall and is hereby required, on the Receipt of any such Certificate or Certificates, after computing the Interest to become due thereon on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to give a Receipt for the same, expressing the principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Certificate or Certificates, and the said Interest to become due thereon, and cause the said Certificate or Certificates to be filed in the Office of the said Auditor; and the said Auditor shall, in Lieu thereof, cause to be made out a distinct Certificate in respect of every entire Sum of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Amount of the principal Sums contained in the Certificates remaining filed in the said Office, for which Certificates no Fee or Reward shall be taken, nor Stamp Duty paid; and the Person or Persons who shall be possessed of any such last mentioned Certificate or Certificates, shall, upon Delivery thereof to the said Governor and Company, be intitled to have, receive, and enjoy an Annuity, at and after the Rate of four Pounds and five Shillings per Annum, for and upon every entire Sum of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings, which shall be expressed in such last mentioned Certificate or Certificates, to commence from the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and to continue for a certain T erm of sixty-nine Years and one Quarter of a Year and then toceafej which said Annuity of four Pounds and five Shillings shall be paid and payable half-yearly, by even

H 2 and

5*

Vessels, &c. to b? paid out of his Majesty's Sh ire of any Seizure, &c.; and the Officer to receive his full Share of the nett Produce. &c.

[Preamble.]

29 Geo. III. Cap. 41. recited.

Till Sept. 20, 1790, Certificates granted under the recited Act may be exchanged at the Exchequer for Certificates for Annuities of 4l. 5s. for erery jool. 5s. for 69 Years and one Quarter, from Oct. 10, 1790, &c.

Auditor on receiving Certificates to give a Receipt for the Principal, and Interest to Oct. 10, 1790, and to file such Certificates, &c.

Annuities payable half-yearly*

52

The Ntmei of the Per foot who shall have delivered Certificate! at the Bank, and the Sums, to be entered in a Book, of which a UupUcare is to be sent to the Exchequer by April 5, 1791.

The principal Sum! of the Certificates *0 be carried to the Credit of the »e-spedlite Persons in the Books of the Bank, which snap be trank feared.

A nmi'tle? payable at the Bank, and free of all Taxes*

Annuities pty-able rot of the Consolidated Fund*

Whera Interest to Oct. 10, 1790, shall have been computed agreeable to recited Act, it shall be payable accordingly.

Treasury to order Money for Faynaent of Annuities to b? if. faed at the Exchequer, (3CC,

C. 45. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

and equal Portions, during the said Term; (that is to say), On the fifth Day of April and the tenth Day of October in every Year during the said Term, the first Payment thereupon to be due for half a Year on the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ni:icty-one, and so shall continue until the Quarter Day* next preceding the Time at which the several Annuities by this Act granted shall determine, and the Quarter's Annuity for the Time then remaining unexpired, shall be paid to the Day on which the same shall become due; and in each and every such Case, the Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit arising, or which might arise toluch Contributor or Contributors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, under and by virtue of the said Act, of, in, or to any Annuity or Annuities, with Benefit of Survivorship, shall cease, determine, and shall be deemed and adjudged to be merged and extinguished in the said certain and absolute Term of Years by this Act granted.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Office of the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, a Book or Books shall be provided and kept, in which the Names of every Person and Persons who shall have delivered to the Governor and Company Certificates to be made out by the said Auditor in pursuance of this Act, and the principal Sum* contained therein, shall be fairly eiuercJ, which Book or Books the fa; J Persons, their Executors, Administrators, Sticcefiors, and Assigns respectively, and all and every Person and Persons who shall continue to have an Interest of and in such Life Annuity or Annuities* with Benefit of Survivorship as aforesaid, shall and may, from Time to Time^ and at all seasonable Times, resort to and insped without any Fee or Charge; and that the said Accountant General shall, on or before the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-orie, traniinit an attelled Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, these to remain.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as toon as any Person or Persons (hill haw delivered to the said Governor and Company any Certificate or Certificates to be made out by the said Auditor, in pursuance of this Act, the principal Sum and Sums exprdFed LII the Certificate or Certificates so delivered to the said Governor and Company, (hill forthwith be, in the Books of the Bank of England, placed to the Credit of such respective Persons, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, converting such Annuity or Annuities respectively and the Persons to whose Credit such principal Sums shall be fab placed, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall and may have Power to assign and transfer the same, or any Parr, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatever, in the Books of the Bank of England, and such Sums shall carry ao Annuity after the Rare of four Pounds and five Shillings per Annum, in respect of every Sum of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings, fbrthe certain Term of hxty-nine Years and one Quarter of a Year, from the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and then to cease, and shall be taken and deemed to be Stock transferable according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Annuities for the Term of sixty-nine, Years and one Quarter of a Year, by this Act granted, shall be payable and paid, and be transferable at the Bank of England, and that such Persons, and their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, converting any such Life Annuity or Annuities, with Benefit of Survivorship as aforesaid, into certain Annuities for the said Term of Years, dull have, receive, and enjoy, the said Annuities of four Pounds and five Shillings by this Act granted, in respect of every Sum of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings ad—-vanced and paid in Manner in the said Act directed, for the said Term of Years by this Act granted, aoA shall have good and sure Interestsand Estates therein, according to the several Provisions in this Act contained; and that the said several Annuities shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions whatsoever*

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said converted Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds and five Shillings per Annum, by this Act granted and made payable, in respect of every Sum of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings subscribed and entered in the Books of the Bank of England% in pursuance of this Act, shall from their Commencement be charged and chargeable upon and are hereby: charged upon, and made payable out of the Monies, which shall from Time to Time arise and be in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of the Rates and Duties composing the Consolidated Fund.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Contributors towards raising the said Sum of one million two thousand five hundred Pounds, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, who shall have had the Interest, to become due on the said tenth Day of Oftoker one thousand seven hundred and ninety, computed by the Caftiier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, pursuant to the Adof the fast Session of Parliament, be intitled to have and receive, at the Receipt of the Exchequer*such Interest for all Monies by them advanced and paid, at and after the Rate in the said Act mentioned; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the Monies by this Act appropriated as shall be sufficient, from Time to Time, to answer the said several and respective Annuities, herein aireded to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund, shall, by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant to be required, had, or obtained, in that Behalf, from Time to Time, at the respective Days of Payment in this Act appointed for Payment, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of the Exchequer to the First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers, for the Time being, of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for the Time being, by Way of Imprest, and upon Account, for the Payment of the said several and respective Annuities payable by virtue of this Act; and that such Cashier or Cashiers, to whom the said Money shall from Time to Time be issued, shall, from Time to Time, without Delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer.

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 45

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Time being, shall from Time to Time inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Caflfiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence, or Delay; and that all Persons who shall be entitled to any of the Annuities hereby granted, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of London, or otherwise; -any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Books shall be constantly kept by the said Accountant General for the Time being, wherein all Alignments or Transfers of all Sums subscribed and entered into the Books of the Bank of England, in respect of any Annuity or Annuities for an absolute Term of Years, in pursuance of this Act, shall, at alt seasonable Times, be entered and registered; which Entry shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be llgned by the Parties making such Alignment or Transfers, or, if such Parties be absent, by their respective Attorney or Attornies, thereunto lawfully authorized, in Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, tobeattested by two or more credible Witnesses, and that the several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of aligning and transferring the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law.

X. Provided always, That all Persons possessed of any Share or Interest in the said Stock of Annuities, or any Estate or Interest therein, may bequeath the same by Will in Writing, attested by two or more credible Witnesses, but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Bequest until so much of the said Will as relates to such Share, Estate, or Interest in the said Stock of Annuities, be entered in the said Office; and that in Default of such Transfer or Devise, such Share, Estate, or Interest in the said Stock of Annuities, shall go to the Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns; and that no Stamp Duties whatever shall be charged on any of the said Transfers; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Xx. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said converted Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds and five Shillings per Annum, to continue for a certain Term of fix ty-nine Years and one Quarter of a Year from the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and then to cease, to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, shall be intitled by virtue of this Act, in respect of every Sum of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings subscribed and entered into the Books of the Bank of England, in pursuance of this Act, shall, from and after the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, be added to and made one joint Stock with certain Annuities which, by two Acts made in the first and lecor.d Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, were granted and made payable at the Bank of Englandr for the respective Terms of ninety-nine Years, and ninety-eight Years, from the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, and then io cease; and which said respective Annuities were, together with sundry other Annuities, consolidated and made one joint Stock of Annuities by several Acts of Parliament made in the fourth, twentieth, twenty-second, twenty-third, and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and to be paid, payable, and transferable, at the same Time and Times, and in like Manner, with the said Annuities granted by the said Acts; and so much Money shall, from Time to Time, continue to be set apart and ifined at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to the said Cashier or Cashiers, of the Bank of England, as fnrJl be diffident to satisfy and pay the Annuities hereby granted, to continue for a certain Term of sixty-nine Years and one Quarter of a Year, from the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and then to cease, together with the Charges attending the same, out of the Consolidated Fund; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer shall, on or immediately after the twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety, certify to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, the Number of Certificates which shall be hied as aforesaid in the Office of the said Auditor, indorsed in the Manner herein directed; and also the Number of such Shares cfand in the Life Annuities, with Benefit of Survi-vorship, which shall have been converted into Annuities for such Terms of Years as aforesaid depending thereon.; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being respectively, shall and may, for and in respect of each and every such Sum of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings, contained in such Certificates, be at Liberty to name, in the Manner herein directed, the Life of some one Person, at any Time or Times on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in the Manner herein after directed; during which Life and Lives respectively, to be appointed as aforesaid, there shall be referred at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to The Use of the Public, at the respective Days of Payment in the said Act mentioned, such and the like Annuity and Annuities respectively, with the like Benefit of Survivorship in Classes, as any Contributor or Contributors in the same Gaffes respectively would be intitled unto by the said Act in respect of an equal Number of Shares thereof, and which Annuity or Annuities so reserved at the said Receipt, to the Use of the Public, shall from Time to Time, as they respectively grow dueandarife, be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund, towards satisfying and replacing the Annuities at and after the Rate of four Pounds and five Shillings granted under this Act, and charged thereon as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall, and they are hereby required, out of the several Degrees, Orders, or Societies of Persons herein after mentioned, to select, in the Manner herein directed, such and so many Nominees as shall be necessary to carry into Execution this present Act; (that is to say) such Persons respectively as are or shall be Peers of Great Britain, or of Ireland, or the Children or Grand Children of such Peers respectively; or are or shall be Baronets of England or Scotland respectively, or Lords of Manors in England or Wales, or Persons who are

named

53

Accountant General ro exanvne the Cashier's Account*. Annuities to be deemed Persona! Estate.

Books to be kept at the Bank for entering Transfers of Annuities, &c.

A rrnmties may

be bequeathed by Will, &c.

Transfers not changeable with Stamps.

Annuities, from oa. 10,179c, to be ad ltd to the joint Scock of Annuities granted by two Acts of the ift and 2d Years of Geo. III.

Immediately after Sep:. 20, 1790,- Auditor of the Exthe-quer to certify to the Treasury the Nurtberof Certificates filed* &c. and rbe Treasury may, for every 100U 5s. in such Ct r-fificates, name the Life of feme Person, by O io, 1790, &c.

Treasury to /e-le£l their Nominees from the Orders of Persons herein specified.

5

Treasury to deli vnr to the Ex-.cheque-a Copy of the Register of the Birth of Nominees, and Certificates of their Name*, &c.

Cop:cs of Registers, See, to be given upon Application from the Treasury.

Appointment of Nominees in 'Writing by the Treasury to be sufficient Warrant for admitting such Nominees, &c.

Treasury to transmit h ilf-yearly a List of Nominees, tolhe Places where they respectively reside, &c. Minifteis, &c. to whom such Lifts /Kail be transmitted, toieturn to the Treasury l-ertificates of the Lives of the Nominees then existing, &c.

Exchequer to set apart, for the Use of the Pub-Tic, the half-yearly Payments on the Lives of Nominees focertified.

C. 45. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

named in the Commission of the Peace for any County or Riding in England or 7Tales, or their Children; or are or shall be Spiritual Persons, respectively promoted to any Bishopric, Deanry, Archdeaconry, Prebend, or other Dignity in any Cathedral, or other Church* or beneficed with any Parsonage, Vicarage, or Donative in England\ or a fellowship in any College or Hall of either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge; or are or shall be for the Time being Governors of the Hospital of the Charter House, in the County of Middlesex, or Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, commonly called The Foundling Hospital, or the President, Treasurer, or Governors of the Hospital commonly called Christs Hospital; or such Persons respectively who are or shall be duly registered in the Books of The Amicable Society for Infur an ce on Lives in Serjeant's Inn, Fleet-Street, and whole Names, Places of Abode, and Ages respectively, shall be fully set forth in such Register; and all and every such Person and Persons respectively, who shall be appointed Nominees by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them, at any Time or Times on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, out of the Orders, Degrees, or Societies of Persons above mentioned, or any of them, shall be deemed and adjudged to be Nominees, during whose Lives respectively there shall be reserved, for the Use of the Public, at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, Annuities to be attenJed with Benefit of Survivorship at and after the respective Rates, and at the Times in the said Act mentioned, as fully and effectually as if such Nominees had been appointed under and by virtue of the said former Act.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before such Nominees, or any of them, shall be entered in the Book of the said Auditor, the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or some Person or Persons to be by them appointed under this Act, shall deliver to the said Auditor a true Copy of the Register of the Birth or oaptism of every such Nominee, and also a Certificate of the same, under the Hands of the Minister of the Parish or Place where such Register shall be kept, or of the Churchwarden or Overseers, or other principal Inhabitants of such Parish or Place, or any two of them, thereby certifying the same to be a true Cony of such Register; and also a Certificate under the Hands of the Minister of the Parish or Place where such Nominee shall reside, or of the Churchwardens or Overseers, or other principal Inhabitants of such Parish or Place, or any three or more of them, thereby certifying the Name, Surname, and Place of Abode, of such Nominee; and in calc any such Nominee shall be registered in the Books of the said Amicable Society, then the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Person or Persons aforesaid, shall also deliver to the said Auditor a Certificate, under the Hands of two or more of the Directors or Governors of the said Society or Company, thereby certifying the Name, Surname, Place of Abode, and Age of every such Nominee, together with such other apt Descriptions to ascertain the Person of every such Nominee as may appear in the Books of the said Society or Company; and which Copies and Certificates aforesaid the respective Ministers, Officers, Directors, or Governors, or other Persons aforesaid, are hereby respectively required and enjoined, upon Application in Writing, to deliver to the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or to the Person or Persons to be appointed by them, at such Times respectively as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them, shall direct; and any Appointment in Writing, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them for the Time being, of any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, duly certified in Manner herein mentioned, to be a Nominee or Nominees by virtue of this Act, shall be a sufficient Warrant to the proper Officers in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, and also in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells severally, for admitting every such Person to be a Nominee in the proper Oafs ct Nominees according to the Directions of the said AvSt, and for entering the Name, Surname, Place of Abode, and Age of every such lVifon as a Nominee in the Book and Books to be kept for that Purpose, according to the Directions of the said Act; and the said Auditor is hereby required to enter the same accordingly, and also the particular Class in which each such Nominee ought to be nlaccd by virtue of the said Act, and the Annuities to be reserved for the Use of the Public in respect of such Nominees respectively, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or some Person or Persons to be appointed by them under the Authority of this AvSt, shall half-yearly, during the Continuance of any Life or Lives lb nominated and appointed as aforesaid, transmit to the several Parishes and Places in Great Britain, where any such Nominee or Nominees shall reside, a List of all the Nominees appointed under this Act residing in such Parish or Place; and also to the Directors or Governors of the said Society a List of all such Nominees registered in the Books of the said Society; and the respective Ministers, Officers, or other Persons aforesaid, of the respevStiye Parishes and Places to which such Lifts shall be transmitted, and the Directors or Governors of the said Society respectively, shall, half-yearly (that is to say) before the fifth Day of April, and the tenth Day of October, in each Year, on such Days and Times respectively as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them, shall direct, return to the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Person or Persons to be appointed by them as aforesaid, a Certificate, under the Hands of such Ministers, Officers, or other Persons, or of any two of them, or under the Hands of such Directors, or any two of them respectively, thereby certifying the Lives of all and every the Nominees appointed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury which shall then subsist; and also the Deaths of such Nominees which shall have come to their Knowledge respectively, or of the Removal of such Nominees, or any of them, from such Parish or Place, as the Case may require; and the Certificates certifying the Lives of the said Nominees, being filed at the Office of the Auditor of the said Exchequer, shall be a sufficient Warrant for setting apart and reserving at the said Receipt, to the Use of the Public, the half-yearly Payments which shall ariic or grow due, or shall have arisen and grown due, in respect of the said Nominees so certified, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and which Certificates shall not be chargeable with any Stamp Duty.

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 45. 55

I

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at the Time when any half-yearly Payment shall become due, any such Nominee or Nominees appointed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, shall be in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in his Majesty's Land Forces, or Navy, it shall and may be lawful to produce to the said Auditor, for the Purposes aforesaid, a Certificate of the Lives or Deaths of such Nominees, under the Hands of the respective Officers commanding the Regiments or Corps, where such Nominees shall serve or have served, or under the Hands of two or more of the Commissioners of the Admiralty or Navy for the Time being, as the Case may require; and in case any such Nominee or Nominees shall be resident at either of the said Universities, or at any School, or other Seminary of Learning, then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful to produce the like Certificate, under the Hand of the principal Rector, Warden, or Master of the College, Hall, School, or other Seminary aforesaid, in which such Nominees shall be respectively resident; which Certificates being filed with the said Auditor, shall be likewise a sufficient Warrant for setting apart and reserving at the said Receipt of Exchequer the said half-yearly Payments, in respect of such Nominees, in the Manner and to the Uses herein-before directed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer shall, on or immediately after the twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety, certify to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, the Number of Persons which shall have been then appointed to be Nominees under the said Act, and the Names of such Nominees respectively, and the particular Classes in which the said Nominees are to be or shall be placed, and the whole Number of Shares depending upon the Lives of all the Nominees appointed within each Class respectively; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby required, in the Appointment of Nominees on the Part of the Public, as herein-before directed, to distribute the Number of Nominees, and of Shares depending on the Lives of such Nominees, among the several Classes of the Tontine, in the same Proportion in which the Number of Nominees appointed by the several Contributors, and the Number of Shares depending on the Lives of such Nominees, mall appear, by the Certificate of the Auditor herein-before required, to have been distributed among the said Classes respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Names of all Persons of any of the Descriptions herein-before enumerated, whose respective Ages and Places of Abode shall be ascertained by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time on or before the twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall be distributed according to the respective Ages of such Persons into fix Classes, corresponding to the several Classes directed by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, and written or printed on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as near as may be of equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner; and shall, on some Day between the said twentieth Day of September and the tenth Day of October ope thousand seven hundred and ninety, to be appointed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or by the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, (whereof Notice shall be given in the London Gazettej, be put into fix Boxes, according to the fix several Classes in which the same shall have been distributed, and being the re (haken together shall, in the Presence of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or three of them at the least, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, and also the Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, be publicly drawn out of the said fix Boxes in their Order,'beginning with the first Class, and so shall continue until a sufficient Number of Names in each Class shall be drawn out of the said Boxes, to fill up the Proportion of Nominees to be appointed on the Part of the Public in each such Class, according to the Provisions of this Act; and which Names so drawn shall in such Classes be presently entered into a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, and the Persons whose Names shall be so drawn, and none other, shall be appointed and duly certified to the said Auditor of the said Receipt of the Exchequer as the Nominees nominated on the Part of the Public in pursuance of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury to nominate or appoint any Person to be a Nominee for the Public, by virtue of this Act, other than a Native of and Resident in Great Britain at the Time of such Nomination.; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Account to be made up half-yearly in the Office of the said Auditor of the Deaths of Nominees that are come to the Knowledge of the said Auditor, and of the Persons who have made Default in their Annuities, as by the said Act is directed, and also in the Lift or Schedule to be published yearly in pursuance of the said Act, the said Auditor shall set down dif-tinftly, and in different Columns, the Names and Ages of such Nominees as were or shall be appointed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury in pursuance of this Act, and the Names and Ages of such other Nominees as were appointed by the several Contributors aforesaid in pursuance of the said former Act; and also shall set down and distinguish therein the different Annuities payable to die several Contributors aforesaid in pursuance of the said Act, and the Annuities to be reserved at the said Receipt for or in respect of such Nominees who shall be living, which were or shall be appointed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, and also the Amount of the said respective Annuities payable to the said Contributors, or to be reserved as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of any Monies composing the Fund called The Consolidated Fund, the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall have Power to discharge all such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as to them or him shall seem meet, just and reasonable; and also shall have Power to make, out of the said Consolidated Fund, such Allowances as shall be judged reasonable for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers for reeefv-

If Nominees be

in thr Army a Certificate of the Commanding Officer, if in the Navy of the Admiralty, and if at the University, &c. of the Master, Scc. to be sufficient.

Immediately after Sept. 20, 1790, Auditor to certify to the Treasury, the Number of Pe>-fons who shall have been appointed Nominee', See,

Treasury to distribute their Nominees°in the several daffies in proportion to the N. mmees of the Contributors,

Names of Persons whose Ages, &c. shall be ascertained by Sept. 20, 1790, to be distributed into fix dalles written on dif-tinct Pieces of Paper, put into fix Boxes, and drawn >.ui till a sufficient Number be drawn to fill up the Proportion of Nominees appointed on the Part of the Public,

&c.

None but refi--dent Natives of Great Britain to be Nominees for the Public.

Auditor, in the half-yearly Accounts of Deaths, to keep disttndl the Nominee* appointed by the Treasury, from the Nominees appointed by ih$ Contributors, Uc.

Out of the Consolidated Fund, the Treasury to discharge all Ex.-pcnces attending he Execution of this Act.

C. 46.

Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

ing, paying, and accounting for the said Annuities payable by virtue of this Act, and also for the Service, Pains, and Labour, of the said Accountant General for performing the Trusts hereby repofod in him; all which Allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the Service, Pains, and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Co mpany, and at their Disposal only.

Ko Fee to be

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever fti3ll be demanded or t»Ucn for <on- taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects, for converting the Interest of any Person or Persons of or to any vcrri. g L.uc An- nfe Annuities, or any of them, into certain Interests for Terms of Years in pursuance of this Act, or for

nuitie! !«r°« Paying the said Annuities, or any of them, or for any Transfer of any Sum to be made in pursuance of

Term of Years, this Act, upon Pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward, on Penalty of or Gratuity, shall, for every fqch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with

*°h full Costs of Suit, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's

Courts at Westminster, wherein no i£(loin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager at Law, Injunction, or Order of Reftxaint, or any more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

Person* forging

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forge, or altering Cer- counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully jku'Jtf^!ffeioD?. act or in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering any Indorsome nt or Writing on the Back of any

* Certificate or Certificates, made out as is herein-before mentioned by the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank

of England^ or any Receipt or Receipts to be given, or any Certificate or Certificates to be made out by the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in pursuance of this Act; or Hull wilfully deliver to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Certificate or Certificates, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whomsoever; or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully act and allift in forging and counterfeiting any Letter of Attorney, or other Authority or Instrument to transfer or assign any principal Sum or Sums placed to the Credit of any Person or Persons whomsoever in the Books of the Bank of England, as herein-before mentioned, or any Part of such Sum or Sums, or to receive any such Annuity or Annuities, Dividend or Dividends as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or of any of them; or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act and allilt in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Names of any of the Proprietors of any of the said principal Sums, Annuities, or Dividends, or any Part thereof, or of any of them, in or to any such pretended Assignment or Alignments, Instrument or Authority, or shall knowingly and fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have any such principal Sum or Sums, or any Part thereof, or of any of them, or any such Annuity or Annuities, Dividend or Dividends, or any Part thereof, by virtue of any such counterfeit or forged Letter of Attorney, Authority, or Instrument, or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real Proprietor or Proprietors of any of such principal Sums as aforesaid, or of any Part thereof, or of any such Annuity or Annuities, Dividend or Dividends as aforesaid, or of any Part thereof, and thereby assign or transfer, or endeavour to assign or transfer, the said principal Sums, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or of any of them, or thereby receive, or endeavour to receive, the said Annuity or Annuities, Dividend or Dividends, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or of any of them, with Intent to deceive and defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever; or if any Pet Ion or Persons shall with the like Intent forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering, any Register or Registers of the Birth of any Person or Persons to be appointed a Nominee or Nominees in pursuance of this Act, orany Certificate or Certificates to be given in pursuance of this Act; then, and in every or any such Case, all and every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,* That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or CeneraMfiue. Persons shall and may plead the General Illiie, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence in his, her, or their Defence or Defences; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or De-TreMc Costs. fendants shall have reble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Heirs and Descendants of William Penny Esquire, the original Proprietor of the Province of Pennsylvaniax in Consideration of the meritorious Services of the said William Penny and of the Lodes which his Family have sustained in consequence Qf the unhappy Dissensions in America.

€i Letters Patent of King Charles II. and an Act of the State of Pehtifylvaniay "for vesting the Estates of the lasm M Proprietaries of Pennsylvania, tn this Commonwealth f recited. An Annuity of 4,000l. to be issued Quarterly u out of the Consolidated Fund to William Baker and Andrew Allen, Esqrs. in Trust for John Penn of Stoh* " Pogisy in&'John Penn of Wimpole Street, Esqrs. to commence Jan. 5, 1790. The Commissioners of Bus w Treasury are by Warrant to direct the Auditor of the Exchequer to make forth and pals Debentures for

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 47, 48. 57

Public Act.

"the said Annuity, without any Fees. Such Warrant not to be determinable on the Demise of his Majesty. Officers of the Treasury and Exchequer to do all necessary Acts without Fee. The Trustees to convey with all convenient Speed the said Annuity to MefTrs. Penn, and in the mean Time to receive " the Annuity, and pay it to the proper Parties. The Receipt of the Trustees, t$c. to be a sufficient Discharge for the Annuity, which is to be paid free of all Taxes, Annuity to be considered as real Property issuing out of Lands in Middlesex. Conveyance of the Annuity to be inrolled in Chancery, and entered with the Auditor of the Exchequer. Trustees to be answerable for their own AcU only, and may reimburse themselves their necessary Expences."

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to authorize his Governor or Lieutenant Governor of such Places beyond the Seas, to which Felons or other Offenders may be transported, to remit the Sentences of such Offenders.

WHEREAS by several Orders made by his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, in pursuance of Authority given to his Majesty in that Behalf, by an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders; and to authorise the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases, and for other Purposes therein mentioned\ his Majesty hath declared and appointed, by and with the Advice aforesaid, That the Eastern

Coast of New South Wales, and the Islands thereunto adjacent, should be the Place or Places beyond Sea to which certain Felons, and other Offenders, should be conveyed and transported: And whereas several Felons and other Offenders have, in pursuance of the said Act, been conveyed and transported to the Eastern Coast of New South Wales, or the Islands thereunto adjacent, there to remain during the Terms or Times for which they were so respectively sentenced to be transported by the Courts in which they were convicted: And whereas his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, may hereafter de- clare and appoint the Place or Places aforesaid, or some other Place or Places beyond Sea, to be the Place or Places to which other Felons and Offenders shall hereafter be conveyed and transported; and such Felons and Offenders may be so transported accordingly: And whereas it would greatly advance the Design of such Sentences, so carried into Execution as aforesaid, or which may hereafter be passed and carried into Execution, that the Governor, or (in case of his Death or Absence) the Lieutenant Governor for the Time being of such the Place or Places as aforesaid, should have Power and Authority to remit or shorten the Time or Term for which such Felons and Offenders as aforesaid have been or shall hereafter be transported, in Cases where it shall appear that such Felons, or other Offenders, are proper Objects of the Royal Mercy Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord's Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at all Times, by his or their Commission under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to authorise and impower the Governor, or the Lieutenant Governor for the Time being, of such Place or Places as aforesaid, or of any of them, by an Instrument in Writing, under the Seal of the Government in which the Place or Places as aforesaid are or shall be situated, to remit, either absolutely or conditionally, the Whole or any Part of the Time or Term for which any such Felons, or other Offenders aforesaid, shall have been or shall hereafter be respectively conveyed and transported to such Place or Places as aforesaid; and that such Instrument or instruments shall have the like Force and Effetft, to all Intents and Purposes, as if his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, had in such Cases respectively signified his or their Royal Intention of Mercy under his or their Sign-Manual.

24 Geo. III. Cape

56.

His Majesty, under the Great S^l, may authorize the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, of New South Wales, &c. ‘to remit the Sentences of Offender f.

[Preamble.]

5» /

[Preamble.]

Justices at the Quarter Sessions to ifcnoTe CauCes 0! Comprint,

If in such Visitation any of the Poor should be found afflidfed with contagious I)V«.»fcs, &c. AppUca'ica to

---

[Duplicates of instruments remitting Sentences, to be transmitted to the Secretary of State, &c.]

II. And be it further enacted, That such Governor or Lieutenant Governor as aforesaid shall, by the first Opportunity, transmit to one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, a Duplicate, under the Seal of the Government, of each and every Instrument as aforesaid by which the Time or Term of Transportation of any such Felons, or other Offenders as aforesaid, hath been remitted or shortened; and that the Names of such Felons, and other Offenders respectively, which shall be contained in such Duplicates as aforesaid, shall be inserted in the next General Pardon which shall pass under the Great Seal of Great Britain, after the Receipt of such Duplicate or Duplicates by one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for discontinuing the Judgment which has been required by Law to be given against Women convicted of certain Crimes, and substituting another Judgment in lieu thereof.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient that the Judgment which has been required by Law to be given and awarded against any Woman or Women in the Cases of High Treason, or of Petit Treason, should be no longer continued:' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[From June 5, 1790, Women convicted of High Treason, &c. to be hanged.]

That from and after the fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the Judgment to be given and awarded against any Woman or Women convicted of the Crime of High Treason, or of the Crime of Petit Treason, or of abetting, procuring, or counselling any Petit

58 C. 49. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

Treason, shall not be, that such Woman or Women shall be severally drawn to the Place of Execution, and be there burned to death; but that such Woman or Women, being so convicted as aforesaid, shall be severally drawn to the Place of Execution, and be there hanged by the Neck until she or they be severally dead; any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[Women convicted of Petit Treason, &c. to be liable to the same Punishment as Persons convicted of wilful Murder, as specified in Act 25 Geo. II. Cap. 37.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Woman or Women shall be convicted of the Crime of Petit Treason, or of abetting, procuring, or counselling any Petit Treason, then and in every such Case, such Woman or Women shall be subject and liable to such further Pains and Penalties as are particularly specified and declared with respect to Persons convicted of wilful Murder, in an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Second (intituled, An Act for better preventing the horrid Crime of Murder); and the Court before whom any such Woman or Women shall be convicted, shall pass Sentence at such Time, and shall give such Orders with respect to the Time of Execution, the Disposal of the Convict's Body after Execution, and all such other Matters and Things as are directed to be given by the said Act, with respect to Persons convicted of wilful Murder.

[If on June 5, 1700, any Woman shall be under Sentence to be burnt, his Majesty may order her to be hanged.]

III. And be it further enacted, That if, on the fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety, any Woman or Women, having been convicted of the Crime of High Treason, or of the Crime of Petit Treason, shall have had Judgment to be burned to death, the Execution of which Sentence shall then remain to be done, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, if he shall think proper, by Warrant under the Hand of one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, to alter such Sentence, and to order, instead thereof, that such Woman or Women so attainted as aforesaid shall, in Execution of such Judgment, be hanged by the Neck until she or they shall be severally dead; any Law to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

[Women convicted of High Treason, &c. to be liable to the like Forfeitures, &c. as heretofore.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Woman or Women shall be convicted of the Crime of High Treason, or of the Crime of Petit Treason, or of abetting, procuring, or counselling any Petit Treason, and Judgment shall be given thereon according to the Directions of this Act, then, and in every such Case, such Woman or Women, being so attainted of such Crimes respectively, shall be subject and liable to such and the like Forfeitures, and Corruption of Blood, as they severally would have been in case they had been severally attainted of the like Crimes before the passing of this Act.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to impower Justices, and other Persons, to visit Parish Workhouses or Poor-houses, and examine and certify the State and Condition of the Poor therein to the Quarter Sessions,

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS the Laws now in being for die regulating Parish Workhouses or Poorhouses have been found in certain Instances deficient and ineffectual, especially when the Poor in such Houses are afflicted with contagious or infectious Diseases, in which Cases particular Attention to their Lodging, Diet, Cloathing, Bedding, and Medicines, is requisite:' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[From Sept. 29, 1790, Justices &c. may visit Workhouses, and certify the State of the Poor to the next Quarter Sessions, &c.]

---

That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or any Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, for that Purpose authorised by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any such Justice or Justices, or for the officiating. Clergyman of the Parish or Place, duly authorized as aforesaid, at all times, in the Day Time, to visit any Parish Workhouse, or House kept or provided for the Maintenance of the Poor of any Parish or Place, within the County, Riding, Liberty, or Division, wherein such Justice or Justices shall be resident and shall have Jurisdiction, to examine into the State and Condition of the poor People therein, and the Food, Cloathing, and Bedding of such poor People, and the State 2nd Condition of such House or Houses; and if upon any such Vif.tation the said Justice or Justices, or Persons duly authorized as aforesaid, shall find any Caule or Occasion of Complaint, that then and in such Case such Justice or Justices, or Persons duly authe— rised as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, if he or they shall think fit* to certify the State and Condition of such Workhouse or Poorhouse, and the State of the Poor therein, and of their Food, Cloathing, and Bedding, to the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for ffich County, Riding, Liberty, or Division, wherein such Workhouse or Poorhouse shall be situate, under his or their Hands and Seals respectively; and such Justice or Justices, or other Persons duly authorized as aforesaid shall cause the Overseers of the Poor, or Master or Governor of the said Workhouse or Poorhouse of such Parish or Place, to be summoned to appear at the same Sessions, to answer such Complaint; and the Justices assembled at such Quarter Sessions, on hearing the Parties on any such Complaint, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized to make such Orders and Regulations, for the removing of any Cause of Complaint contained in such Certificate as aforesaid, as to them shall seem meet; and all the Parties concerned shall, and they are hereby required to abide by and perform such Orders and Regulations as shall be so made by the Justices at the said Sessions.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in-case any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Persons duly authorized by Warrant as aforesaid, shall, upon any such Visitation, find any of the Poor in any Parish Workhouse or Poorhouse afflicted with any contagious or infectious D1 leak*, or in Want of immediate Medical or other Assistance, or of sufficient and proper Food, or requiring Separation or Removal from the other Poor in the said House, then and in such Case or cases, if such V liiuuon shall be made by a Justice of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice,

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 50.

and he is hereby directed and required to apply to one or more other Justice or Justices of the Peace, in the County, Riding, Liberty, or Division, and certify to him or them the State and Condition of the Poor in such Parish Workhouse or Poorhouse; or if such Visitation shall be made by the Persons duly authorized as aforesaid, then and in such Case or Cases it shall and maybe lawful to and for such Persons, and they are hereby directed and required to apply to two or more Justices of the Peace in such County, Riding, Liberty, or Division; and thereupon the said Justices shall and may, and they are hereby authorized to make such Order for the immediate procuring Medical or other Assistance, or of sufficient and proper Food, or for the Separation or Removal of such Poor as shall be afflicted with any contagious or infectious Disease, in such Manner as they the said Justices, under their Hands and Seals, shall think proper to direct, until the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County, Riding, Liberty, or Division, wherein such Workhouse or Poorhouse shall be situate; at which Quarter $.eflions of the Peace the said two Justices are to certify the same, under their Elands and Seals reflectively, to the Justices assembled at such Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorized and required to make such Order for *he further Relief of the Poor in such Parish Workhouse or P-oorhouse, as to the Justices assembled at such Quarter Sessions shall seem meet and proper; and the Charges and Expences of relieving such Poor shall be, and is hereby directed to be paid out of the Poor's Rate of such Parish, in such Manner as thosaid Justices assembled at such Quarter Sessions shall direct.

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Poorhouse or Workhouse in any District or Districts which have been, or may be hereafter incorporated or regulated by any special Act or Acts of Parliament.

CAP. L.

An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown; and to sell or alienate Fee Farm, and other unimproveable Rents.

WHEREAS by an Act, made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of c the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown; and to sell or alienate Fee Farm, and other unimproveable Rents), certain Persons therein named were appointed Commissioners for examining and enquiring into the State, Management, Produce, and Expenditure of the said Rents of Lands, and Fines for Leases of the same, and other Monies arising from certain {mall Branches of Revenue in the said Act mentioned; and into the State, Produce, Management, Extent, and Value of all the Honours, Castles, Lordships, Forests, Chafes, Parks, Warrens, Manors, Royalties, Seigniories, Messuages, Mills, Demesne and other Lands, Tenements, Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes, Derelict and Waste Lands, and Services, within the Survey of his Majesty's Exchequer, and appertaining and belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, situate and being in England and Wales, or either of them; and into all such subsisting Leases, Patents, and other Grants of the said Honours and Premises respectively, as contain any express Saving, Exception, or Reservation to the Crown of any Rights or Interests in Possession, Reversion, or Contingency, and into all and all Manner of Rights and Privileges claimed, exercised or enjoyed, within, over, and upon his Majesty's said Forests, Chafes, Parks, Warrens, Woods, Fens, Marshes, and Derelict and Waste Lands respectively; and into all subsisting Offices, Places, and Employments, established or created for the Management of the said x Forests, Chafes, Parks, and other the landed Estates, Land Revenues, and small Branches aforesaid respectively, or in any wise connected therewith, and the annual Expence of the same: And whereas the said Commissioners have made a considerable Progress in the Execution of the Powers and Trusts vested in them by the said Act, but have not yet completed the same; and it is expedient that the said Act should be further continued May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sir Charles Middleton, Baronet, John Call, Esquire, and John Fordyce, Esquire, shall be, and they are hereby constituted Commissioners for thefoveral Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, before they shall be capable of acting in the Execution of this Act, shall severally take and subscribe an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or the Chief Baron, or one of the other Barons of the Court of Exchequer, to the Eftest following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute the several Powers and Trusts, reposed in me by an Act of the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, (intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the twenty six th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, u /In Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to tlfte Crown; 44 and to felt or alienate Fee Fann, and other unimprove able Rents [j according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Acts*

4* So help me GOD.

I

Which

59

r

be; made te the Justices of the Division who are to give Older for immediate Rd er, &c.

Expence of Relief to be paid out of the Foot* Rate.

Not to extend ta Workhouses re* gulated by Act of Failiament,

[Preamble.]

26 Geo. nr.

Cap. 87, mit* ed.

Commissioners appointed, who are to take the following

Oath*

60

C. 50.

Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 179<3,

The Sale of Kents, wher« Composition hai not been made with the Ownrrs &c, not to bar^ his Majesty's Right to Rents or Arrears prhr to such Sale.

Where the Con-flderation Money to be paid for Rents, by the Owners of Land out of which they issue, shall not exceed

Which Oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be filed of Record in the Office of the King's Remembrancer' of the said Court. > 4:

III. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where no Composition shall have been made with the' Owners of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, out of which any such Rent or Rents in Arrear are issuing and payable, or where the Owner or Owners shall refuse or neglect to comply with the Terms allowed by the said Commissioners, the Sale of any Rent or Rents in Arrear in pursuance of this Act shall not in any Manner prejudice or affect the Right or Title of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to any such Rents or Arrears of Rents grown due or payable and remaining unpaid, before the Sale of any such Rent or Rents; nor shall any Receipt or Acquittance by the Purchaser of any such Rent or Rents, fubie-quest to the Sale thereof, be taken or construed as a Discharge of any such Rent or Arrears of Rent, accrued or grown due prior to such Sale; but that it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to and for the Receivers, Bailiffs, or other Officers, Ministers or Servants, of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any other Person or Persons duly authorized, to demand, collect, and receive such Rents, and Arrears of Rent, and to use all such lawful Ways and Means for recovering, receiving, and compelling Payment of such Rents and Arrears as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or his or their Receivers, Bailiffs, or other Officers, Ministers or Servants, could or might have done, in case* such Rent or Rents had not been fold and difoofed of.

IV. And whereas by the said recited Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign it is enacted*

That where the Consideration Money contracted to be paid for any Purchase or Discharge whatsoever authorized to be made by the said Act shall not exceed the Sum of ten Pounds, the Certificate of the said Commissioners shall or may be written on Parchment, without any other Stamp Duty than such as shall by Law be required for the Cashiers Receipts: And whereas many of the said Rents authorized to be sold by the said Commissioners consist of very small or inconsiderable Sums, and it is conceived that it might tend to facilitate the Sale of such small Rents if the Purchasers thereof were enabled to convey the same to the im- mediate Owners of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, out of which they are payable, without being liable to any other Stamp Duty than the Certificates of the said Commissioners for the Sale of such Rents are subject and liable to be it therefore enacted, That from henceforth in all Cases where the Consideration Money to be paid for the Purchase of any such Rent or Rents by the Owners of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, out of which the same are payable, shall not exceed the Sum of ten Pounds, the Conveyance thereof shall or may be written on Parchment, without any other Stamp Duty than such as shall by Law be required for the Receipt of the Consideration Money,

ol. the Conveyance may be on the same Scamp as the Receipt for the Consideration Money.

Powers of the recited A£>, except hereby altered, to continue in full I'orce.

Treasury may order Money to be issued to the Commissioners*

His Majesty may appoint Commissioners to supply the Place of those who may decline so aO, or die*

Commissioners not disqualified from fitting in Parliament,

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Orders, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, granted, prescribed, or inflicted by the said recited Act, and all and etfery the Articles, Clauses, Provisoes, Matters, and Things contained therein, which, during the Term in the said recited Act granted, were specified, provided, and established, for the examining and enquiring into the State, Management, Produce, or Expenditure of the said Lands and Premises, and for other the Purposes in the said recited Act particularly mentioned and described, shall remain and continue in full Force, Vigour, and Effect, for the Term herein after granted; and shall be exercised, practised, used, and put in Execution, for the further examining and enquiring into the several Matters and Things above-mentioned, and for the completing the several Purposes of the said recited Act, except where any Alteration shall be made in this Act, in like Manner, and as fully and effectually to all Intents whatever, as if the same were herein particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to issue to the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, by way of Imprest, and upon Account, out of any of the Public Monies remaining in his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of two thousand Pounds in any one Year, to be by them employed in the Payment of the Salaries of the Clerks and Officers by them employed in the Execution of this and the said recited Act; and also from Time to Time to issue to the said Commissioners^ appointed by this Act, out of the Monies aforesaid, such further Sums as shall be necessary to defray the Expences of taking any Surveys or Valuations, or issuing and executing Commissions of Survey and Enquiry, and other contingent and actual Charges, which shall be by them necessarily incurred in the carrying the Purposes of this and the said recited Act, and the Enquiries thereby directed, into Execution.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or either of them, shall decline to act in the Execution of the Powers and Trulls hereof, or having begun to act therein, shall depart this Life, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, to constitute and appoint such Person or Persons to be Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, in the Place of the Commissioners so declining to act, or dying as aforesaid, as his Majesty shall think fit, and so often as such Case shall happen.; and the Person or Persons so constituted and appointed by his Majesty, having first qualified to act by taking and subscribing the Oath herein-before provided and directed, shall be invelted with the lame Powers anflF Authorities as are given or delegated by this Act unto the said Commissioner or Commissioners constituted by this Act respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Appointments of Commissioners in the Land Revenue, made or authorised to be made by this Act, shall not be deemed or taken to be within the Intent or Purvievy of an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Amicy (intituled, An Act for the Security of

her

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 51 - 54.'

her Majestys Person and Government, and of the Succession of the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line), whereby to vacate the Seat in Parliament of either of the Commissioners hereby appointed, or to be hereafter appointed by virtue of this Act, or to disqualify any such Commissioner from being elected, or fitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force from the End of this present Session of Parliament, for and during the further Term of twelve Calendar Months, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer*

CAP. LI.

' An Act for diverting out of the Crown the Reversion in Fee of and in certain Hereditaments, heretofore the Estate of Sir Roger Strickland, Knight, deceased, in Catterick and Tunflall, in the County of York; and for vesting the same in the several Persons entitled to the said Hereditaments; and for extinguishing and destroying a certain Term of one hundred Years, for which the said Hereditaments were limited in Trust for his late Majesty King George the First, his Heirs and Successors.

CAP. LII.

An Act for improving, continuing, and extending the Navigation of the River Ouse, from Lewes Bridge, at the Town of Lewes, to Hammer Bridge, in the Parish of Cuckfield, and to the Extent of the said Parish of Cuckfield, and also of a Branch of the said River to Shortbridge, in the Parish of Fletching, in the County of Sussex.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to alter, explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for putting certain Streets therein mentioned, commonly called Optional Streets, under the Management of Parochial Committees, subject to the Controul of the Commissioners appointed by or in pursuance of the said several Acts; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments in the said Streets, and other Places; and for other Purposes,

CAP. LIV.

An Act for vesting the Estate and Property of the Trustees of Westminster Fifti Market in the Marine Society, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for discontinquing the Powers of the said Trustees.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for making a free Market for the Sale of Fijfh in the City of Westminster, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and by the said Act: Trustees were appointed, with Power to crest and build a Fish Market within the said City, and certain Duties were granted and made payable by all Fishermen and other Persons bringing Fish to the said Market, and a Piece of Ground, situate near Westminster Bridge, was conveyed to the said Trustees, for the Purpose of erecting and holding the said c Fim Market; and in the twenty-ninth Year of his said late Majesty an Act was made for rendering the first-mentioned Act more effectual; and by an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of of his said late Majesty, certain Duties were granted upon all Fishing Vessels coming to the None, to be applied towards carrying the Purposes of the said several Acts into Execution: And whereas the said Trustees endeavoured to establish a Fish Market agreeable to the Directions of the said Acts, but it was found impracticable to establish the same; and the Design hath been abandoned several Years ago, and the said Piece of Ground was let upon a Building Lease, at a certain reserved annual Rent of sixty-five Pounds, and the said Trustees are now in the Receipt of the said Rent, and also of the Duties granted to them as aforesaid; and are also possessed of the Sum of four thousand two hundred Pounds in the Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, being the accumulated Produce of the said Rents and Dufies; 4 but the said Trustees are not authorized to make any Application thereof: And whereas the providing Apprentices for Fishermen, Matters of Ships, or other Persons employed in the Sea Service, being one of the Objects of the said Act of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, in case the said Fish Market had succeeded, and there had been any Surplus Money to be disposed of, it is expedient that the Estate and Property of the said Trustees should be applied in Augmentation of the Fund of the Marine Society, to be disposed of for the Purposes of the said Society, or in such Manner as is herein- after directed :' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, Und Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, and are hereby authorized and required, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to cause the said Sum of four thousand two hundred Pounds Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, belonging to the said Trustees, to be transferred to the Marine Society, and also to pay, or cause to be paid, to the said Marine Society, all such Moneyas shall be in she Hands of the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and all other 2 Money

61

Continuance of this Act.

[Preamble.]

22 Geo. IT, Cap. 49.

19 Geo. II. Cap. 39.

33 Geo. II. Cap. 27.

The Money b«v longing to the Trustee* to be transferred and piid to, and the Ground verted in, the Marino Society*

62

The Dutiei *»pcn Fishing Vessels to be payable to the lud Society,

The Power of the Trustees discontinued, and Penalties payable tj the Tru flee* to be payable to the Marine Society. Expence of the Ad.

public Act.

G. 55 - 6o. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

Money which they shall be portefied of or entitled to by virtue of the said Acts at the Time of making the said Transfer (after deducting the reout all Charges and Exnences attending the said Trull); and that from and after the Time of making the said Transfer, all the Estate, Right, T itle, and Interest, of or belonging to the said Trustees, of and in the said Piece of Ground situate near Westminster Bridge, which Piece of Ground was conveyed to them by the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, by virtue of the Power granted to them by the said Act of the twenty-second Year of the Reign' of his late Majesty, shall be, and are hereby vested in the said Marine Society; and the Duties granted or made payable to the said Trustees as aforesaid, by the said Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, shall also be, and are hereby vested irt, and shall be payable to, the said Marine Society; which Money and other Property are hereby directed to be transferred and paid to, and vested in, the said Marine Society for the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned; (that is to say), T he laid Sum of four thousand two hundred Pounds, and the Dividends and Produce thereof, and the Rent reserved by the said Leufc, and the other Money aforesaid (except the Produce of the said Duties upon Kittling Vessels) shall be applied and disposed of in like Manner as any other Estate or Money belonging to the said Society is to be applied and disposed of; and the Produce of the said Duties upon such Kittling Vessels as aforesaid (after the Expences of colleafing the same are deducted) shall be applied in binding Apprentices to Fishermen, or, in Time of War, such Produce may be applied towards fitting out Roys or other Persons to l'erve in the Royal Navy; and the said Marine Society shall have the like Powers and Authorities for appointing an inspector of the Kittling Vessels coming to the AW, and of obtaining Payment of the said Duties, as the said Trustees had immediately before the passing of this Act; anything in the said recited Acts, or any of them, to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the making the Transfer of the said four thousand two hundred Pounds as aforesaid, all the Powers and Authorities given to or vested in the said Trustees by the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall ccafe and determine; and that all such Penalties and Forfeitures, or any Part or Proportion of such Penalties or Forfeitures, wh'ch were payable to the said Trustees, or to any Person on their Account, by virtue of the said recited Acte, or any of them, shall belong to the said Marine Society, and shall from Time to Time be paid to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the lame.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences attending the obtaining and passing of -this Act shall be paid out of the Money belonging to the said Trustees as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LV.

An Act to enable Sir William Hamilton, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, hte Heirs and Assignsr to make and provide Quays, Docks. Piers, and other Ercftions; and to establish a Market with proper Roads and Avenues thereto respectively, within the Manor or Lordship of Hubberfhn and Pill in the County of Pembroke.

CAP. LVX.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near to Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge; and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canaly at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said County.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Communication between Stowmarket and Iffwich, in the County of Suffolk.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for draining, dividing, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, called Eding~ ton, otherwise Bio tie Moor, East Heath, West Heath, and Chyde Batch, within the Hamlet of* Eding-toil) and Parish of MoorUncbf in the County of Somerset.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for more effectually embanking the Marsh called AdaV.dreath and Corfddaugav, in the County of Jnglefey, and draining and preserving the same, and the inclosed Low Lands contiguous thereto.

CAP. LX.

An Act for effectually carrying into Execution two Acts of the sixteenth and twenty-fifth Years of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Navigation to the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazely Canal Navigations, in the Counties of Worccjhr and Stafford.

A.D. 1790.

C. 61 - 72

Anno tricesimo Georgii III.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for authorizing and enabling the Right Honourable George Earl of Mount Edgcumbe and Reginald Pole Careu\ Ekpiire, to establish and maintain a Common Ferry over and across the River Tamer, between a certain Place North ot Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel in the County of Devon., and Torpaint in the Parish of Antony Saint 'Jacoby otherwise Antony in the Easty in the County of Cornwall.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for paying, cleansing, lighting, and widening the Streets, Lanes, and Passages; for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and for regulating the Porters and Drivers of Carts, within the Borough of Truro, and Part of the adjoining Parishes in the County of Cornwall.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for preserving the Works made for supplying the Town of Bradford, in the County of York, and Part of the Township of Hertony in the Parish of Bradford aforesaid, with Water; for the more easy Recovery of the Rents for the said Water'» and to enable the Proprietors thereof to borrow Money for the improving such Works,.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for establishing a Chapel at Ramfatey in the Parish of Saint Laurencgy in the Isle of Thanetr in the County of Kent, as a Chapel of Ease to the Church of the same Parish-

CAP. LXV.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary. the Line of the said Canal Navigation; and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of com* pieting the said Canal Navigation; and for other Purposes.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for paving, and otherwise improving, the City and Xownship of Peterborough.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting* watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public Passages and Places, within the City of Durham, and Borough of FranrwelgatCy and the Suburbs thereof, and Streets thereto adjoining; for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein; for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public Passages and Places \ and for regulating and improving the Markets within the said City and Suburbs.

CAP. LXVIir.

An Act for better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Water 2 and for more effectually lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town and Neighbourhood, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the rwmtv-eiehth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for pulling down the Church if Saint James at Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex; and for building a new Church, and making a new Church Tardy or Cemetery, in the said Pari/hy with convenient Avenues and Passages thereto > and for purchasing Pentonville Chapel, and making the same a Chapel of Ease to the said Church.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, and eretting a Chapel adjoining' theretOy and also a House or the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for taking down the Church and Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint Johny at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and for building another Church and Tower for the Use of the said Parish, and for making an additional Cemetery or Church Yard.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for taking down the Church, Chancel, and Tower, belonging to the Parish of Banlury, in the County of Oxford, and for rebuilding the lame.

CAP.

C.

C. 73 - 83. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 179a.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for forming a Junction between the Forth and Clyde Navigation and the Monkland Navigation; and for altering, enlarging, and explaining several former Acts paned for making and maintaining the said Navigations.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act to alter and amend an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the effectual Draining and Prefer vat ion of Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge; and to establish an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Water-beach cum Denny and the Commoners within theja'td Manor.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, to improve the Navigation of the River Severn, from Stourport, in the County of Worcester, to a Place called Diglisy near the City of Worcester.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for forming and keeping in repair the Streets and other public Passages and Places, within a certain District, in the Parish of Saint Luke, Chclfeay in the County of Middlesex, called Hans Towny and for otherwise improving the same.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the City of Coventry, and the Suburbs thereof, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for regulating the public Wells and Pumps within the said City and Suburbs.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act regulate the Loading of Ships with Coahy in the Ports ^Newcastle and Sunderland.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex*

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for providing a Workhouse for, and for the better Relief and Employment of, the Poor of the Parish of Streatham, in the County of Surrey; and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for providing a new Poor House for, and for the better Relief and Government of, the Poor of the Township of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Merthyr Ttdvile, to and through a Place called The Bank, near the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for impowering.Persons navigating Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, in the River Ouzer in the County of Norfolk, to hale or tow with Horses, or other Bealls, on the Banks or Sea Walls of the (kid River; and for making Satisfaction to the Owners of the (kid Banks or Sea Walls*

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. tricesimo primo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twenty-fifth Day of November Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign

Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland* 4 King, Defender of the Faith, £sfc.

Being the first Session of the seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain

CAP. I.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, brewed or made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England\ and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain \ and to continue certain Acts for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there used in the Disiillalion of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof*, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble,

WE,your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

y, assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's public Expences, have

freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the pfora ran

fame. That, from and after the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there 1791, the foi-

shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Ulb of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succenors, for and lowing iddiiion-

in respect of the several Kinds of Wort, Wash, or other Liquor herein after mentioned, brewed or made in aJ Duticsof E*-

that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; and for and in to bc paid»

respect of Spirits made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought

from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England; and for and in respect of Brandy, Rum, Spirits,

or Aqua imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, over and above all Duties already im-

posed for or in respect thereof respectively, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise

herein after mentioned: (that is to say,)

31 Geo. III. K For

56 C. i. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

For e.erv Gal- For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash which shall be brewed or made, in that Part of Great Britain ton of V ort calkd England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any irade in England fixture with the same, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, one Penny:

St om Malt,&c.

ftr extraOing Spirits for Hume Consumption, id.

For every Gal- For every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other Wash or Liquor which shall be brewed or made. Ion of Cyder &c. as aforesaid, from any Sort or Kind of British Materials (except such as are before mentioned), or from ©rof w»(h from Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers

other British, > c n,

Materials than thereof, one cnny before mentioned, 1 d.

For every Gal- For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash which shall be brewed or made, as aforesaid, from Molasses Ion of Wort or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the Makers Sug?r^ 1 °d3^2 q°f or Distillers thereof, one Penny Halfpenny:

For every GaU For every Gallon of Wash which (lin.ll be brewed or made, as aforesaid, from Foreign refused Wine, ion of Wjfr or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, except Molasses and Sugar, or any Mixture

from Foreign therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the Makers or DistHlers thereof,

Wine.&c. xd. D

two rence:

For every 06 Gallons of Wash produced by G. Bishop from not more th^n 1 ix lbs. of Corn,

For every Gallon of Spirits not exceeding 1 to 10 over H y-drometer Proof,

For every ninety-six Gallons of Wash which George Bishop of Maiijlcne shall produce from a Weight of Malt or other (Jorn, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve Pounds, the Sum of two Shillings and eight Pence three Farthings; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Wash:

2s. 8d. 3 q.

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland and imported or brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing thereof, ftvc Pence Halfpenny:

made in Scotland and imported into England, 5 d. iq. and

For every G.«i- And for every Gallon English) Wine Measure of such Spirits of a greater Strength than that of one to ten S^renoihVhin over ^V^romctcr Proof, and not exceeding three per Centum over and above one to ten over Hydrometer Proof,

trwo^over Hy! an additional Duty in proportion to the Surplus Strength, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the land-

dromerer Proof, illg thereof:

and not exceeding 3 per Cent, a proportional additional Duty.

W Tf's^fie" For every Gallon of Single Brandy, which shall be imported into Great to be paid by the Importer

Brandy i'r ported before the landing thereof, ten Bence;

into Great Britain, iod. and

For every Gil- For every Gallon of Brandy above Broof, which shall be imported into Great. to be paid by the

j" ST' °° ' Worter before the landing thereof, one Shilling and eight Bence:

For every Gallon of Rum,& from the Britishi Colonies, 8 d. and

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Fit a-, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great, to be paid by the Importer before the land-

ing thereof, eight Bence:

For every Gallon of such Rum, &c. above Proof, is. 4 d.

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Fit,e,above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof, one Shilling and four Pence:

For every Gallon of such Rum, &c. in any Warehouse on Dec. 28, 1790, and delivered out after that Day, 8 d. and

For every Gallon above Proof so delivered,

) s. 4 d.

For every Gallon of Single Spirits, &c. other than such

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua pi ter., of the Produce of the Colonies or Plantations,

which, on the twenty-eighth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall be in any Ware-house in which the same shall have been put, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained and provided in an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, concerning the landing of Rum or Spirits of the Sugar Plantations before

Payment of the Duties of Excise, and lodging the same in Warehouses, and which shall, from and after the said twenty-eighth Day of December one tiioufand seven hundered and ninety, be delivered out of any such. Warehouse, eight Pence, to be paid by the Importer upon Demand:

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Jqua Viter, over Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which, on the said twenty-eighth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall be in any such Warehouse, and which shall, from and after the said twenty-eighth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety, be delivered out of any (itch Warehouse, one Sltilling and four Pence, to be paid by the Importer upon Demand:

For every Gallon of Single Spirits, or Aqua Vites(other than such Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Fitaas aforesaid) which shall he imported from beyond the Seas into Britain, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof, ten Pence:

Brandy, &c. as aforesaid, imported into Great Britain, to d. and

For

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 1.

For every Gallon of Spirits, or Aqua Vita, (other than such Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita as aforesaid), above Proof, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof, one Shilling and eight Pence,

67

For every Gallon above Prcof, n, 8 d,

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the additional Rate or Dufy hereby imposed, for or in respect of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, imported into this Kingdom, may be bonded and secured, and shall be paid and payable in such Manner only, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the Rates and Duties of Excise heretofore charged for or in respect of such Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, may be now bonded and secured, and are by Law paid and payable.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That noWafti which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, under and according to the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions of an Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for extracting Low Wines or Spirits for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be charged or chargeable with any Duty or Duties of Excise granted by this Act,

Additional Duty on Rum,&c. from the Britisht

PtanutionSjinay be bonded.

Waft brewed in England, according 10 28 Geo.

3. c. 46, to be exported to Scotland, not

chargeable with any Duty under this Act,

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

V. And whereas (landing Contracts may have been made, before the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, by Distillers and Makers of Spirits, for British Spirits to be delivered after the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Distillers and Makers of Spirits delivering such British Spirits after the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, in pursuance of such Contracts, shall be allowed;to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of the Wort or Wash from whence such Spirits were extrailed or made, to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled, by Virtue of this Act, to be paid for the same accordingly.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, of the Produce of the BritiJ).) Colonies or Plantations, shall be allowed, on the shipping thereof as Stores to be spent and consumed on Board in any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas, in the same Manner as the former Duties imposed thereon now are, or hereafter may be directed to be allowed by Law.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of JVards, and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and forfetiling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof; or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act), shall be practised, used, and put in Execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Excise Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing, deteiting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Ail.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties of Excise which were by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, imposed for a limited Time for or in respect of fermented Wort, or Wash, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same, and for or in respect of Cyder or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor, brewed or made as aforesaid, from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except such as are before mentioned, or from any Mixture therewith, for extraiting Spirits for Home Consumption; and for or in respect of fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made as aforesaid from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extraiting Spirits for Home Consumption; and for or in respect of Wash, brewed or made as aforesaid from Foreign refused Wine or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extraiting Spirits for Home Consumption, ami which were, by several Acts made in the twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, and thirtieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, continued until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, shall be, and the same are hereby severally and respectively further continued from the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three: And the said Duties, together with the additional Duties by this Act imposed (except in such Cases where other Provisions-are hereby prescribed,), shall severally

K 2 and

Duties to be under the Management of tine Commissioners of Excise in Eng-ljnd and Scotland respectively,

A Sum equivalent 10 the additional Duty, may be charged on British Spirits delivered after J>n. 5, i79r, on Contracts made before that Day.

The additional Duty on Rum, &c. of the British Plantations, to be allowed on /hipping it as Stores.

Power of iz Car. 2. c. 14, to extend to this Act.

Duties of Excise imposed, for a limited Time, by 27 Geo. 3. c. 13. on Wash brewed in England. f< r extracting Spin's for Home Confemption, and which were continued by subsequent AOs, further continued till July 5,

1793.

c.

68

3® Geo. 37*

C. i, 2. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

and respectively be paid and payable by the several and respective Makers and Distillers of such Wort, WaQi* Cyder, Perry, or other Liquor respectively, at such rimes, and in such Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the said Duties by the said Act impoied, and hereby continued, were severally and respectively payable by Law under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing or this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the thirtieth Year of the

the

Dishllation of Spirits, and f or granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof \ and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland >anA from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-six ih Year of the Reign of h i i present Majesty, 44 to discontinue, 4v for a limited Tun:, the Pay mint of the Duties upon Loiu Wines and Spirits for Home Consumptim; and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof \ and for the better Regulation of the making and rending British Spirits; and for dfcontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Impojts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the Well-Indies and for emending the said Act, made in the twenty-

ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign \ and such Parts of the said Acts of the twenty-sixth, twenty-eighth, and twenty-ninth Years aforesaid, as were continued by the said Act of the thirtieth Year aforesaid* until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, shall, from and immediately after the said fifth Day of one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, continue in full Force and Effect until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

and such Parti of 26 Geo. 3. c. 73.18 Geo. 3. c. 46. and 29 Geo. 3. C. 45. at were continued bjr that Act to July 5, 1791, further continued till July 5, 1793.

! Duties to be paid into the Exchequer, and kept frparate from other Monies.

Duties paid into the Exchequer on or before April 179* to be carried to the Consolidated F nd, and afterwards the Duties to be applied in Payment of 800,000 1. to be raised by Exchequer Bills*

Uron Payment of the said Sco.oco 1. and Interest, the Duties hereby grafted to cease.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties (the neccflhry Charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be

Said into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, dillinctly and apart from all other Branches of the publidc Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever j and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt* shall be subjciSt and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising or to arise by the said several Rates and Duties hereby imposed, which shall be paid into the said Receipt* at any Time or Times on or before the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Fund called The Consolidated Fund; and that, from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, all the Monies arising, or to arise, by the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall, together with such other Rates and Duties as shall be granted by any Actor Acte of this present Session of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment and Discharge of the principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the Sum of one Million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of any Act of this Session of Parliament, together with such Interest as shall by the said Act be directed to be paid, or made payable, for the said principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds; and shall be issued, applied, and disposed towards the paying off and discharging the said principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and Interest to become due thereon as aforesaid, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of the said principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and all Interest to become due thereon, or reserving at the said Receipt of Exchequer so much Money out of the said Fund, to be established as aforesaid, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the said principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and all Interest as aforesaid, and Publication thereof in the Manner to be directed by the said Act of this Session of Parliament, the said Rates and Duties hereby impoied,'shall from thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable and all the Rules and Regulations of this Act, respecting the said additional Rates and Duties hereby imposed, shall also from thenceforth cease and determine, except as to the Recovery of any Arrears of the said Rates or Duties, which may at that Time have accrued or grown due or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture which, may have been then incut red.

CAP. II.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Malt.

[Preamble.]

From Jan. 5, 1791, che/oi*

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament siiembled, being desirous by the most easy and eftlclual Ways and Means to raile the necessary Supplies for defraying your Majesty's publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of January one thou-

5 (and

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 2.

sand seven hundred and ninety-one, there shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Malt, the Rates, Duties, and Malt Impositions herein-alter mentioned; (that is to say,)

For and upon every Bushel of Malt which, at any Time or Times, shall be made of Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, whether the same shall be or not be for Sale, the Sum of three Pence, and so proportionably for any greater or Ids Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively, over and above all other Rates, Duties, and Impositions charged or chargeable there- upon, or that may be payable for the same:

And for and upon every Bushel of Malt which, at any Time or Times, shall be made of Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ by any Person or Persons whomsoever, whether the same shall be or not be for Sale, the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny, and so proportionably for any greater or iefs Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively, over and above all other Rates, Duties, and Impositions charged or chargeable thereupon, or that may be payable for the same:

And for and upon every Bushel of Malt which, at any Time or Times, shall be brought from Sccthnd into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny, and so proportionably for any greater or less Quantity, over and above the Duty herein-before granted upon Malt maae in Scotland, and all other Rates, Duties, and Impositions, charged or chargeable thereupon, or that may be payable for the same.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall also be raised, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Bushel of Malt whether ground or unground, made of Barley or of any other Corn or Grain, belonging to any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Distiller, Innkeeper, victualler, or Vinegar Maker, either in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person or Persons whatever in Trust for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Uie, Benefit, or Account, upon the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, the Sum of three Pence, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland5 and so pro-portronably for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Person or Persons respectively possessed of such Malt, over and above all other Rates, Duties, and Impositions, charged or chargeable thereupon, or that may be payable for the same: Provided always, that the said additional Duty, hereby directed to be imposed, raised, and satisfied to his Majesty on the said Malt which shall be in the Possession of any such Persons as are herein-before defer ibed, on the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, shall be collected and paid in Manner following; (that is to lay,) one third Part thereof on the fifth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; one third Part thereof on the fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; and the remaining one third Part thereof on the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

III. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed, as shall arise in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

IV. And whereas several Maltsters, who have fold or contracted for the Sale of Malt, may not have delivered the same to the Buyers thereof before the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and it, is reasonable that such Buyers should reimburse to the said Maltsters all such Money as they shall have paid for the Duty charged thereon by virtue of this Act be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Person shall have fold or contracted for the Sale of any Malt, and shall not have delivered the same to the Buyer or Person who shall have contracted for the Purchase thereof, before the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, every such Sale and Contract shall, and is hereby declared to be as valid and effectual as if this Act had not been made; and the Buyer or Person wiio shall have contracted for the Purchase of any such Malt, shall, and is 'hereby required, at the Time of the Delivery thereof, to pay to the Person who shall have fold or contracted for the Sale of such Malt (over and above the Price agreed to be given for the same) all such Money as shall have been charged for the Duty thereon by virtue of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Exemptions, Deductions, Bounties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Malt; tnd for raising the Sum of eight Millions by way of Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of Allowances in the gauging of Corn making into Malt; and for mating forth L) up h cates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts\ Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loft, burnt, or athervuife deJlroyed\ or as are contained in any other Act or Acts of Parliament in the said Act mentioned, or referred unto, or any of them, are provided, settled, established, prescribed, or directed, for managing* ascertaining* securing, railing, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing, repaying, adjuring*

69

lowing additional Duties to be paid, vis.

For every Bushel of Malt, made in England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, 3d. and

For every Bushel made in Scotland, id. 2<p

For every Bushel brought from Scotland into England, &c. id. 2q. over the Duty upon Malt madeinScoiland.

For every Bushel of Malt in the Possession of any Maltster, &c. on Jan. 5, 1791,an additional Duty of 3d. in England. See. and of id. iq. in Scotland; to be paid at the Times herein speufied#

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissionerf of Excise in England and ' Scotland respectively.

Bayers of Mall, contracted for before Jan. 5, 1791, and not delivered till after that Day, to pay the additional Duty, &c.

Powers of 33 Geo. t. c. 7, &c. to extend to this Act,

yo

From Jan.

1791, the following additional Allowances to be madeto Com-mon Brewers, &c. viz.

To every such Brewer, &c. within the Bills of Mortality, upon every Baird of Beer

C. 2. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

justing, and settling the Duties thereby granted, or to the Payment of Rents payable in Malt, or according to the Price of Malt, other than in such Cases for which other Diregions are prescribed by this Ac*, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, ascertaining, securing, raising, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing, repaying, adjudging, and settling the several and respective Rates, Duties, and Impositions by this Act granted upon Malt, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Exemptions, Deductions, Bounties, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly related, and again enacted, in the Body of this present Act.

VI. And, for the better Encouragement of Common Brewers and Makers of Beer or Ale for Sale, and c to the End that no such Brewer or Maker of Beer or Ale may be under the Necessity to take any more c in the Price thereof, upon the Retail of the same, than according to the usual Rates and Prices be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day-of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there shall be paid and allowed out of the Monies to arise by the said Duties on Malt, to every Common Brewer, or other Person or Persons who brew Beer or Ale, and fell or tap out the same, publickly or privately, over and above all other Allowances already given by any Law now in force, the several and respective Allowances herein mentioned; (that is to say,)

The Sum of eight Pence upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duties of Excise) brewed by the Common Brewer, or by any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale, publickly or privately, within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and returned by the Gauger; and lb in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity;

above six Shillings, Sd.j

and, without the Bills of Mortality, tod.

To every, such Brewer in England, &c. upon every Barrel of Beer at or under six Shillings, 2d* In the Bills of Mortality, on every Barrel of Table Beer, above six Shillings, and under eleven Shillings, 4°'*

and, without the Bills of Mortality, 4d# Jq.

To every such Brewer, in Scotland, on every Barrel of Beer above six Shillings, 5d. j on every Barrel of Two-pmny Ale, described in Article 7of the Uni* n, 3d. and on every Barrel of six Shillings Beer, or under, id. 2q.

The Sum of ten Pence upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duties of Excise) brewed by the Common Brewer, or by any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale, publickly or privately, in England* Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, not within the said Cities of London and Westminster, nor within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and returned by the Gauger; and so Proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

The Sum of two Pence upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale of six Shillings the Barrel, or under, brewed by the Common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale, publickly or privately, throughout England, Wales, and the Town of Benvick upon Tweed, and returned by the Gauger; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

The Sum of four Pence for every Barrel of Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duties of Excise), and not exceeding eleven Shillings (exclusive of such Duty), commonly called Tab's Beer, brewed by the Common Brewer, or by any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale, publickly or privately, within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality:

And the Sum of four Pence Farthing for every Barrel of Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duties of Excise), and not exceeding eleven Shillings (exclusive of such Duty), commonly called Table Beer, brewed by the Common Brewer, or by any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale, publickly or privately, in England, J Vales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, not within the said Cities of London or Westminster, nor within the Weekly Bills of Mortality; under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained and provided in and by an Act made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, concerning Beer or Ale, commonly called Table Beer, and returned by the Gauger j and after that Rate for any greater or less Quantity:

The Sum of five Pence upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Dut:cs of Excise) brewed by the Common Brewer, or by any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale, publickly or privately, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland) and returned by the Gauger; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

The Sum of three Pence upon every Barrel of Two-penny Ale, mentioned and described in the seventh Article of the Treaty of Union, brewed within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland) and returned by the Gauger; and so in Proportion for any greater or le(s Quantity:

And the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny upon every Barrel of six Shillings Beer or Ale, or under, brewed by the Common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale, publickly or privately, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the Gauger; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Allowances to be paid at the End of four Months after live Duties have bcuv paid,

Which said several and respective Allowances for the said Beer or Ale, so brewed as aforesaid, shall be paid at the End of every four Months respectively, after the Duties Hull have been paid for the same, and not Xooner,

4b

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 2.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Common Brewer, or other Person or Persons who brew Beer or Ale, and fell or tap out the same, publickly or privately, shall, by himself or themselves, or his or their Agent or Agents, at any Time arter the End of four Months after he or they shall have paid the Duties for any Beer or Ale by him or them brewed after the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, produce to, and leave with the Collector of Excise of the County, Shire, Stewartry or Place, where the Beer or Ale for which the Allowances are by this Act directed to be made was brewed, and where ;he Duties were paid for the same, a Certificate or Certificates from the Officer who received the said Duties, that the Duties charged or chargeable upon the said Beer or Ale have been actually paid, and that the same Beer or Ale was brewed iince the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and nincnty-one (which Certificate the said Officer is hereby required to give gratisJ, then andjn every such Case, the said Collector shall, out of the Monies arising from the Duties by this Act imposed upon Malt, forthwith pay to the Person producing the said Certificate, for every Barrel of Beer or Ale mentioned within, the respective Allowances by this said Act in such Case directed to be made; and in case the said Collator shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands, arising by the Duty by this Act imposed upon Malt, to pay the same, then the respective Commissioners for the said Duty are hereby required to pay the said Allowances out of the said Duty upon Malt arising by this Act; and if at any Time it shall happen, that the said respective Commissioners shall not have in their Hands Monies arising by the said Duty sufficient to pay the said Allowances, then, and in every such Case, the said respective Commissioners shall pay the said Allowances out of any Monies then in their Hands.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of JVards, and Liveries? and Tenures in Capite, and by Knight's Service, and Purveyance $ and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof; or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, deteding, and puniming. Frauds relating thereto (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are prescribed by this Act), shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, colieding, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying the several Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt, shall be subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising or to ariseby the said several Rates and Duties hereby imposed, which shall be paid into the said Receipt at any Time or Times on or before the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund; and that from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, all the Monies arising or to arise by the said Rates and Duties-, and paid into the said Receipt after the said iifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall, together with such other Rates a- d Duties as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament, for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment and Discharge of the principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of any Act of this Session of Parliament, together with such interest as shall by the said Act be directed to be paid or made payable for the said principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and shall be issued, applied, and disposed towards the paying off and discharging the said principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and interest to become due thereon as aforesaid, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon Payment of the said principal Sum of eighthundied thousand Pounds, and all interest to become due thereon, or reserving, at the said Receipt of Exchequer, lo much Money out of the said Fund to be established as aforesaid, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the said principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and all interest as aforesaid, and Publication thereof in the Manner to be directed by the said Act of this Session of Parliament, the said Rates and Duties hereby imp, fed shall from thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and all the Rules and Regulations of this Act shall also from thenceforth ccafe and determine, except as to the Recovery of any Arrears of the said Rates or Duties which may at that Time have accrued or growu due, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture which may have been then incurred.

7*

upon Certificate as herein mentioned.

The'Powers of 12 Car. a. c. 24., &c. to extend to this Act,

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer, and kept separate from other Monies,

Duties paid info the Exchequer on or before April 5, 1792, to be carried to the Consolidated Fund; and afterwards the Du* ties to be applied in Payment of Sor.ooool to ba raised by Exchequer Bills,

On Payment of the said 8oo, ocol, and* interest, the Duties hereby granted to cease*.

CAP.

72 C. 3 - 5. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

[Preamble.]

From April 5, 1:91, an additional Duty of 10 per Cent, upon the gross Amount, to be raided upon all AUdl'menis mad*: after that Lhv urder any Act now in force, by the Commissioners for Taxes;

and also upon the said Assess* snents ‘or the Half Year ending April 5, 1791.

Not to extend to the Land Tax

CAP. III.

An Act to give further Time to John Machride Esquire, and his Sureties, for entering into their Recognizances, in respect of his Petition presented to the Hous* of Commons, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Ply?nouth, in the County of Devon.

CAP. IV.

An Act to continue and amend so much of two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and to the authorising his Majesty to permit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour, and to prohibit the Importation thereof on the low Duties.

CAP. V.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes therein mentioned.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, being desirous of railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's extraordinary Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several Rates and Duties herein -after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand even hundred and ninety-one, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, throughout the Kingdon of Great Britain, upon every Assessment to be made after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, for or in respect of the several Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, an additional Rate or Duty after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum upon the grols Amount of all the said

former Rates and Duties charged by such Assessment, except as herein after is excepted.

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, upon every Assessment made or to be made for the Year ending the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, for or in respect of the Rates and Duties before mentioned, an additional Rate or Duty after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum upon the gross Amount of all the said former Rates and Duties charged by such Assessment, except as herein after is excepted, to be computed for the Half Year ending the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the said additional Rate or Duty of ten Pounds per Centum, the Amount of the Duty commonly called Land Tax, granted to his Majesty in 2nd by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to kis Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Set vice of the Year one thousand jiven hundred and ninety, or granted, or to be granted, by any Act of the present Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, or that shall or may be granted by any Act or Acts of Par-

nor to the Du-ti' s on inhabited Hoiifu, granted by 24 Geo. 3. C. 38.

Ntw Duties to te paid in addition to the Duties on HowJcs, &c. by 6 Geo. 3. c. 38.; on in-habi ed Hi>uler, by 19 Geo. 3. e 59.5 on Wag. g mis, &c. by 23 Geo. 3. c. 66.j 0.1 Horset, by 24

O-mmissioners, &c. unaer the before nruniion-cd to put this Act in Execution.

withstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Rates and Duhes hereby imposed asaloiesaid, shall be paid over and above, and in addition 10, the refjwftive Rates and Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted by an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; upon inhabited Houses, grained by an Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty; upon Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other Carriages, granted by an Act of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his said Majesty; upon Horses, granted by two several Acts of the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his said Majesty; upon Aiale and Female Servants, granted by an Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his laid Majesty; and upon Coaches and other Carriages, granted by two several Acts of the twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth Ycais of the Reign of his said Majesty.

Geo. 3. c. 31. and 29 Geo. 3. c. 49.} cn Savan.s, by 25 Geo. 3. c. 43.5 and cnCoacbes, &c. by 25 Geo. 3. c. 47, andz^ Geo. 3. c. 49.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners authorised or appointed, or who shall be authorised or appointed, to put in Execution the said several Acts before mentioned, relative to the said former Rates or Duties, or any of them, on the Amount of which

ditional Rates or Duties are hereby impoftJ,

the said act-

shall be Commissioners for executing this present Act; and

that

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii'III.

C. 5. 73

that the several Receivers General appointed, or who shall be appointed, to receive the said former Rates and Duties to be assessed and collected under or by virtue of the said former Acts, shall, without any new Commission or Commissions, or any further Security to be had, obtained, or given, be Receivers General of the said additional Rates or Duties hereby imposed within their respective Districts or Collections; and that the several Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors respectively appointed* or to be appointed, to put in Execution the said several Acts before mentioned, or any of them, shall be Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors, to put in Execution this present Act, according to the respective Powers and Authorities given to them by the said former Acts, or any of them; and the said Commissioners, Receivers General, and other the Persons aforesaid, being duly qualified to act in the Execution of the said several Acts before mentioned, relative to the said former Rates or Duties, or any of them, shall, and they are hereby respectively impowered and required to do all Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the said additional Rates or Duties hereby imposed, in the like, and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorised to put in Execution the said former Acts relative to the said Rates and Duties, or any Matters or Things therein respectively contained.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed for the said Half Year ending on the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, shall be paid at the Times and in the Manner following; (that is to say), on the fifth Day of January, and the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, by even and equal Portions; and shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be a Charge upon the respective Persons assessed to the Payment of any of the said former Rates and Duties for the Year ending the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and shall be paid by such Persons respectively at the Times before mentioned; and the respective Collectors, to whom any Assessments for the Year ending the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, shall be delivered for the Purpose of collecting the former Rates or Duties according to the Directions of the several Acts before mentioned, shall have full Power and Authority to demand, collect, and receive the said additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed, for the said Half Year, of and from the Persons respectively charged with the said former Rates and Duties, in Addition thereto, and at the Times and in the Manner herein-before mentioned, without any new Assessment to be made for the same, and to give Acquittances for the said Rate or Duty received, in such Manner as is directed by the said Acts with relation to the said former Rates and.Duties.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Collectors of the said former Rates and Duties, to whom any Assessments thereof for the Year ending the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one shall be delivered, shall, on or before the fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, estimate and ascertain, according to the best of their Skill and Judgement, the Amount of the Rate or Duty by this Act imposed upon every such Assessment, and shall, by Writing under their respective Hands, certify the same to one or more of the said Commissioners, acting for the respective Division or Place in which such Assessments shall be made, together with the Names of the several Persons chargeable therewith, and the Amount of the said former Rates and Duties whereon such additional Rate or Duty is by this Act imposed; and shall also cause two Duplicates thereof to be made out and delivered to the said Commissioner or Commissioners in each Division or Place, all which Certificates and Duplicates thereof respectively shall be signed by such Commissioner or Commissioners; and the said Duplicates shall be forthwith transmitted to such Persons, and in such and the like Manner, as is directed by the said Acts relative to the said former Rates or Duties, or any of them, with respect to the Duplicates of Assessments therein mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Surveyors or Inspectors appointed, or to be appointed, under or by virtue of the said several Acts relative to the said former Rates and Duties, or any of them, shall be, and are hereby respectively impowered and required to inspect and examine the Certificates to be made of the said additional Rate or Duty for the said Half Year, ending the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, before the Commissioner or Commissioners shall have signed the same, and to alter and amend any such Certificate or Certificates, if they, or any of them, shall fee jull Cause for so doing; and every Person, in whose Custody such Certificate shall be, is hereby required, upon the Requed of any such Surveyor or inspector as aforesaid, to produce the same for Inspection for the Purpose aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, the said additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed shall be paid quarterly in each Year, on the four moil usual Days of Payment in the Year for the said Duties; (that is to say), on the fifth Day of January, thd fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, by even and equal Portions, the first Payment thereof to be made on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; and upon every Assessment to be made after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, under or by virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, the Assessors appointed or to be appointed to make such Assessments, and in their Default the respective Surveyors and Inspectors appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of the said several Acts before mentioned, or any of them, shall ascertain the Amount of the said additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed, and shall certify and return the same upon such Assessments to the respective Commissioners authorised to put the said Acts in Execution, at their respective Meetings to be held fur returning such Assessments in all and every the respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places respectively; which said additional Rate or Duty so certified, shall be added to the Amount of the former assessed Rates and Duties, and shall be collected, raised, levied, and received under the Rules, Regulations, and Directions, preferred by the said former Acts, subject nevertheless to

31 Geo. III. L such

Additional Duty for the Half Year ending April 5, 1791, to be paid by eq'.i?l Portions on Jan. 5, and April 5, 1791, &c.

Collectors of former Duties to estimate, by March 5, 1791, the Amount of the additional Duty on every Assessment, and certify the same to the Commissioners of the Division,

Inspe^ors so examine the Certificates of the additional Duty for the H. lf Year ending April 3, 1791, before the Commissioners signihef<me,&c.

From April 5, 179 r, the additional Doty to be paid quarterly $ the first Payment to be on July 5,179*1 —ar d the Ai- " fefiT:rs to afccr-t3in the Amount thereof, and certify the same to rh*- Commissioners at their respective Meetings, fcc.

c.

74

Additional Da-ties to be ascertained, fee. it former Duties, unless where Tailed by this Act, Act

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer, and kept Separate from other Monies*

Dutiei paid into

the Exchequer,

on tr bHore A yt\\ 5, 1791, to be carrird «o the l onfolida rd Fundj and the Du'ies aftei-vra d* to be applied in Payment of 1,833,0001, to be raised by Exchequer Bills.

On Payment of the Said 3,833,cool. an<* Jnrtreft, the additional Duty to ccalc.

Collectors of former Duties to give Security, jf required \ fa hni of which, the Comrruflion. era may appoint oibers.

C. 5. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

loch proportional Increase or Abatement in the Amount thereof as shall be neesflary in case the said forme* Rates or Duties so assessed shall be increased or diminished by any Surcharge thereupon, or Appeal there* from, in pursuance of the said former Acts.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several additional Rates or Duties by this Act imposed upon the Amount of the several former Rates and Duties as aforesaid shall and may be respectively ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under such Pe* naities. Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such general Rules, Methods, and Directions, by which all the former Rates and Duties, on the Amount of which the said additional Rates or Duties are by this Act imposed, cr according to such special Rules, Methods, and Directions, by which such of the former Rates and Duties, upon the Amount of which any of the said additional Rates or Duties may be chargeable by virtue of this Act, were or might be ascertained, managed, collected, paid, secovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far as any of the said Rules, Methods, and Directions are expressly varied by this Act; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to the said former Rates and Duties, or any of them, now in force, and not hereby otherwise provided, for the computing, surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the said Rates and Duties by any former Acts granted, as far as the same are applicable to the additional Rates or Duties by this Act imposed, and not repugnant to the particular Directions of this Act, shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for computing, surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the several additional Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same or the like Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body-of this present Act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), (nail, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinCily and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties* and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt shall be subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising, or to arise, by the said several Rates and Duties hereby imposed, which shall be paid into the said Receipt at any Time or Times on or before the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund, called The Consolidated Fund; and that from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, all the Monies arising or to arise by the said Rates and Duties, end paid into the said Receipt after the said fifth Day of Abril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two^ shall, together with such other Rates and Duties as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this prefenc Session of Parliament for this Purpose, during the Terms for which such Rates and Duties shall be respectively granted, be a Fund for the Payment and Discharge of the several principal Sums of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand Pounds, amounting to the Sum of one million* eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of any Act of this Session of Parliament, together with such Interest as shall by the said Act be directed to be paid or made payable for the said principal Sums of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand Pounds; and shall be issued, applied, and disposed towards the paying off and discharging the said principal Sums of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and Interest to become due thereon as aforesaid, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of the said principal Sums of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and all Interest to become due thereon, or reserving at the said Receipt of Exchequer so much Money out of the said Fund to be established as aforesaid as shall be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the said principal Slime of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and all Interest as aforesaid, and Publication thereof, in the Manner to be directed by the said Act of this Session of Parliament, the said Rates and Duties hereby imposed shall from thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable -y and all the Rules and Regulations of this Act shall also from thenceforth cease and determine, except as to the Recovery of any Arrears of the said Rates or Duties which may at that Time have accrued or grown due* or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture which may have been then in*-curred.

XIV. And whereas the Inhabitants of many Parishes or Places have frequently foffered by the Frauds and Insolvency of their Collectors, by being subjected to Re-assessments for Monies embezzled by them be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons as shall be nominated to be Collectors of the said former Rates and Duties shall, if required so to do, give good and sufficient Security tea any three or more of the Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution, equal to the Amount of the whole Rate to be collected in each District, for their duly paying to the Receiver General such Monies as shall come to their Hands, which Security the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are here* by authorised and impowered to take 3 and on Failure of the Persons so named to be Collectors as before directed giving such Security, if required, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall be

at

75

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 6-.—10.

at Liberty, and are hereby authorised to appoint any other two or more sufficient Persons, who can give such Security as aforesaid, redding within the Limits and bounds of the Parishes, Townships, Constablewicks, and Places where they shall be chargeable, to be Collectors of the said former Rates and Duties.

XV. Provided always, That if no Persons can be found within the several Parishes, Townships, Constablewicks, or Places respectively, who are willing or able to give such Security, then, and in such Case, the Persons who are first named by the Commissioners, as directed by the said Act, shall be Collector of the said former Rates and Duties,

CAP. VI.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

[41.],

CAP. VII.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attorneys and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmic Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

CAP. IX.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. X.

An Act for altering and amending so much of an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for removing any Doubt respecting the Power of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, to direct that the Expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining such Troops as may be judged necessary for the Security of the British Territories and Possessions in the East Indies, should be defrayed out of the Revenues arising from the said Territories and Possessions \ and for limiting the Application of the said Revenues in the Manner therein mentioned, as relates to such Directions as shall be given or approved by the said Commissioners with respect to the Payment of certain Proportions of his Majesty's Forces in India> and of the European Forces of the East India Company therein specified.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for removing any Doubt respetiing the Power of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, to direct that the Expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining, such Troops as may be judged necessary for the Security of the British Territories and Possessions in the East Indies, should be defrayed out of the Rc\>enues arising from the said Territories and Possefions; and for limiting the Application of the said Revenues in the Manner therein mentioned, it is, amongst other Things, provided and enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to give or approve any such Direction as in the said Act is mentioned,

with respect to the Payment of any greater Nember of his Majesty's Forces, or of the European Forces of the East India Company than is therein specified respectively: And whereas, by reason of the present War in India, it is become expedient, that a further Number of his Majesty's Forces should now be sent to the Ecifi Indies, in Addition to those, the Payment of which the said Commissioners are by the said Act authorised to direct and approve May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of India, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, at any Time before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, to give or approve Orders and Directions that the Expences to be incurred for

If no Person can be found willing 10 g:ve Security, »he Person first named to be Collector,

Preamble# aS Geo. 3#c.

Commissionert for the A {fairs of India impowered to order the Expencei of trans-

76

porting, &c. an additional Number of Forces to India, to be paid out of the Re-vtni es of the Company.

[Preamble,

26 Geo. 3,c. 62, recited.

East India Company m:iy at any Time raise Money on their Annuity Fund, or sell the same, agreeable to the Regulations of recited Act.

C. 11. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

transporting and maintaining such a Number of his Majesty's Forces, not exceeding two thousand six hundred and eighty-two Men, including the commissioned and non-commissioned Officers, as shall be sent to India, in Addition to the Number of the same Forces mentioned in the said Act, shall be paid, defrayed, and borne out of the Revenues arising from the said Territories and Possessions; any Thing in the said A6fc to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XI.

An Act for removing any Doubt respecting the Sale or Mortgage of Annuities, pursuant to an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An A'cl to enable the Tail India Company to raise Money by Sale of Annuities,

and by increcfing their Capital Stock.

WHEREAS determined by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign, of his present Majesty, intituled, /In /n't to enable the Fait India Company to raise Money by a Sale of Annuities and by mcrcajiig their Capital Stu'b-y the said Company wete authorised and impowered by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any

three or more of them, or of the High Treasuicr for the Time being, at such Time or Times, and in

such Manner;.* they should find to be mofi for the Advantage of the said United Company, to borrow. 4 and take in by Subscripdon or othctwile, liom ai.y Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who should be willing to advance the lame, any Sum or Sums of Money, by the Sale or Mortgage of a Fund, attended with an Annuity at tlu Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, not exceeding in the viMiolc the annual Sum of thirty-six thousand two hundred and twenty-six Pounds sixteen Shillings, being an Annuity due to the said "United Company from the Publick, in Consideration of one million two hundred and seven thousand live bundled and fifty-nine Pounds fifteen Shillings Part of the Sum of (our millions two hundred thousand Pounds in the said Act mentioned; which said Sale should and might be made at such i rice or Pi ices the Court of Directors of the said Company, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissicr.tzs 01 Ins Mi.jessy's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being should think lit; and that from and after the Time of such Sale, the said Annuities should be paid and transferred in like Manner, and the Proprietors and Holders should in all Respects hold their respective Shares of the said Fund to be purchased as aforesaid, in like Manner and upon the same Terms as the then respective present Proprietors then held and enjoyed, the respective Sums belonging to them in the Annuity Fund of two millions nine hundred and ninety-two thousand four hundred and forty Pounds live Shillings, in the said Act mentioned; and that the said Annuities to be sold as aforesaid should be consolidated with the said Fund of two millions

nine hundred and ninety-two thousand four hundred and forty Pounds five Shillings; and that the said Debt

of four millions two hundred thousand Pounds due irom the Publick to the said Company, and the Annuities payable in respect thereof, should be a collateral Security to the Proprietors and Holders of the said Annuities so to be sold or mortgaged as aforesaid, in the same Manner as for the said Sum of two millions nine hundred and ninety-two thousand four hundred and forty Pounds five Shillings theretofore fold, as in the said Act is mentioned, but subject nevertheless to such and the like Proviso or Condition of Redemption by the Company as the said Sum of four millions two hundred thousand Pounds, due to the Company by the Publick, was or should be subject and liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament: And whereas the said United Company have, in pursuance and by virtue of the said Act, at different Times borrowed, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on the Security of the said Annuities, Sums to the Amount of seven hundred thousand Pounds, whereof Sums to the Amount of six hundred and ninety-nine thousand nine hundred Pounds have since been repaid to the find Governor and Company:

And whereas it may be necessiry that the said^ L'niud Company should from Time to Time exercise the Powers of the said recited Act, as their Occasions may require, but Doubts have been made whether the Governor and Company of the Bank of England would be duly authorised again to advance Money by virtue of the Authority of the said Act: Now, for obviating such Doubts, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted and declared and be it enacted and declared by the Ring's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Authority and Power in and by the said recited Act of Parliament of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, given unto the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to raise Money by Mortgage or Sale of the Annuity Fund of thirty-six thousand two hundred and twenty-six Pounds sixteen Shillings therein mentioned, and every Matter and Thing therein contained concerning the same, is and shall remain, and be in full force and effect; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said United Company, at any Time or Times hereafter, by and with such Consent and Approbation, and in such Manner and Form as in the same Act is mentioned, from Time to Time to raise Money by Mortgage of the said Annuity Fund of thirty-lix thousand two hundred and twenty-six Pounds sixteen Shillings, or any Parc thereof, or to fell the Whole, or any Part of the said Fund of thirty-six thousand two hundred any twenty-six Pounds sixteen Shillings, with the like Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, as to them shall feein lit pr expedient.

CAP.

C. 12

77

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III.

Cap. XII.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on betwen this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States. -

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instrumcnis from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better car- rying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majestf s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States; which said Act has been continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one: And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act^ ? made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, for giving his Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce active en the Subjects of his Majestf s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America," to the Trade and Com?nerce of this Kingdom with the Britishi Colonies and Plantations in Ame- rica, with respell to certain Articles therein mentioned; the Powers given by the said recited Act were extended to the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the British Colonies and Plantations in America, so far as the same might relate to Iron, Hemp, and Sail-cloth, and other Articles of the Pro- duce of any Place bordering on the Baltic, which might be exported from this Kingdom; which said last mentioned Add has also, by several subsequent Acts, been continued until the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act of the twenty- third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so far only as the same extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of Ame- rica; and also that the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign should be further continued:' May it therefore please your Maj eft y that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so far only as the same extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and that the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and all the Matters and Things therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and till the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Iron, Hemp, Sail-cloth, or other Articles of the Produce of any Place bordering on the Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this Kingdom, shall be exported from hence in any other Manner than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council; or if any Goods or Commodities whatever shall be imported from any of the Territories of the United States of America, into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, other than such as by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by virtue of this present Act, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, now are, or hereafter shall be, permitted to be imported; or if any Goods or Commodities shall be imported from the Territories of the said United States of America into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, in any other Manner whatever than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, the same shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods or Commodities shall respectively be exported or imported, and all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel belonging thereto.

these States contrary to Law,

III. And be it further enacted, That every Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecutrd, and recovered, by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof disposed of, paid, and applied, in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the 'Revenue of Customs may now be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in the Places where respectively the Offence shall be committed; and that the Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, and applied in like A4anner, in the said Places respectively; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and till the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Part thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament. -

[Preamble.]

23 Geo. 3. c. 39.

24 Geo. 3. c,45*

*3 Geo. 3. C. 39, io far as relates to the Commerce between this Kingdom and the United States of America, and 24 Geo. 3. c. 49* to continue in force till April 5, 1792. Articles from any Place bordering on the Baltic which may be exported from this Kingdom, if exported contrary to Law, and Goods imported from the United States of America, and not permitted by Law, and also Goods imported from to be forfeited.

How Forfeitures are to be reco- vered and applied.

Act to continue in force till April 3, 179a j

but may be repealed this Stilton,

CAP.

u.

78

C. 13— 15. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for granting an Aid to bit Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for ike Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one*

CAP. XV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty an Additional Duty on Sugar imported into this

Kingdom.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

freimbU. WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britainl in Parliament aficinbled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional Duty of Cudoms herein after mentioned and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, From Apnl ti, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after V^1 j the eleventh Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there shall be raised, levied, collected,

iT'sd per° and p^id, unto and for the U(e of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above the Duties payable Cwt. to be paid by Law, on and immediately before the said eleventh Day of rlpril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-on Sugar* im- one, the following additional Duty on Sugars imported or brought into Great Britain, and not warehoused, to p ried into be paid in ready Money, without any Discount, Abatement, or Deduction whatever; that is to say. For Great Bnum, every Hundred Weight of Sugar, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds Weight, the Sum of two Shil^ housed! hugs an^ eiSht Pence> and so in that Proportion for any greater or lets Quantity.

Duty to be under

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty, by this Act imposed, shall be

tfhe Manage- under the Management and Direction of the respective Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland for the Time being.

0/ Customs in England and Scotland respectively.

A Drawbark of

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon all Sugar which {halThave been im-h* n16 ljUly *° Porte<^ *nt0 Great Britain, after the said eleventh Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and Expf>rtation°of on-which the Duty by this Act imposed shall have been paid, there shall be paid or allowed, on Exportation the Sugar in the thereof within the Times limited by Law, to the Exporter thereof, a Drawback of the Whole of the said Duty State it wa* im- by this Act imposed and paid; provided the said Sugar be exported in the same State in which it was importea, ported} but not otherwise.

t>nd uadiiti?,ul

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all refined Sugar, called Bastards^ and 1 *!*4dC per ' 8roun(^ or powdered Sugar, and refined Loaf Sugar broke in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy% which shall Cwt. on Exoor. be made from Sugar which shall have been imported into Great 5r/V^/«,after the(aideleventh Day of April one nation of refined thousand seven hun Jred and ninety-one, and on which the Duty by this Act imposed shall have been paid, there Sugar, *c. trade shall be allowed, on Exportation of every hundred Weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve from Sugar so Pounds, within the Time limited by Law, to the Exporter thereof, a Drawback of three Shillings and four imported. Pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Sugars respectively, over and above all other Bounties or Drawbacks allowed for the same by Law, on and immediately before the said eleventh Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

Duty and Draw- V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty imposed, and the said Bounty

back to be paid and Drawback allowed, respectively by this Act, shall and may be respectively ascertained, raised, levied, col-in the Gme lested, answered, paid, recovered, allowed, and managed, in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the Ways, Means, and Methods, and under the Rules, Regulations, Oaths, and Powers respectntr e # tively, by which the former Duties, Bounties, and Drawbacks on Sugars respectively were or might be ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, allowed, and managed *, and all Sugar, on which by this Act any additional Duty is imposed, and Bounty or Drawback allowed respectively, shall be and is hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, and Forfeitures, to which Sugar was subject and liable, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said eleventh Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; and all and every Penalty* Fine, or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Paniament inforfce on and immediately before the said eleventh Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of the said Duty and Bounty or Drawback respectively, by this Act imposed and allowed, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Pro-

6 visions.

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 16 - 20.

visions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were repeated and re-enacted respectively in the Body of this AdL

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from Time to Time, be

Said into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distindUy and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Levenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt, shall be subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising or toarifeby the said several Rates and Duties hereby imposed, which shall be paid into the said Receipt, at any Time on or before the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund; and that from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, all the Monies arising or to arise by the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall, together with such other Rates and Duties as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament for this Purpose, during the Terms for which such Rates and Duties shall be respectively granted, be a Fund for the Payment and Discharge of the several principal Sums of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand Pounds, amounting to the Sum of one million eight hundred and thircy-three thousand Pounds, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of any Act of this Session of Parliament, together with such Interest as shall by the said Act be directed to be paid or made payable for the said principal Sums of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and shall be issued, applied, and disposed towards the paying off and discharging the said principal Sums of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and Interest to become due thereon as aforesaid, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of the said principal Sums of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and all Interest to become due thereon, or reserving at the said Receipt of Exchequer so much Money out of the said F und to be established as aforesaid, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the said principal-Sums of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and all Interest as aforesaid, and Publication thereof in the Manner to be directed by the said Act of this Session of Parliament, the said Rates and Duties hereby imposed shall from thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and all the Rules and Regulations of this Act shall also from thenceforth cease and determine, except as to the Recovery of any Arrears of the said Rates and Duties which may at that Time have accrued or grown due, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which may have been then incurred.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called" England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for cleansing, lighting, and watching, and levelling the Surfaces of the Streets, and other Publick Places, within the Hamlets of Deretend and Bordejley, in the County of Warwick; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Incroachments, and regulating the driving of Carts and other Carriages used for carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandises therein.

CAP. xvur.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, lightings cleansing, watering, and watching the Streets, and other Publick Places, within such Part of the PariJ).; of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the Wesi Side of Tottenham Court Road; and for preventing Nuisances and Ohjirndiions therein; and for obliging the Trustees for the Care of the said Road, to pave, repair, and clcarfe such Part of the said Road as is therein described.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for ascertaining' and collecting the Poor s Rates> and for better regulating the Poor, in the PariJ)b of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondseyyin the County of Surrey, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XX.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Cottingham^ in the East Riding of the County of York; and for amending an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, and draining certain Lands, Grounds, and Common PaJlureSj in the said Parish.

CAP.

79

Duties to be -paid into the Exchequer, and kept apart from other Monies.

Duties paid Into the Exchequer on or before April 5, 1792, to be carried tou the Consolidated Fund, and* afterwards the Duties to be applied in Payment of 1,833,000 1. to be raised by Exchequer Bills.*

Upon Payment of the said 1,833,000 I. and Interest, the Duties hereby granted to cease*

8o

C. 21

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

Preamble#

From July 1, 1791, the following additional Duties to be paid, viz.

For every Certificate ifTjed to kill Game to any Per!»n not being a Gamekeeper, 11. is# And to any Gamekeeper, 10s. 6 d.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners for Stamps,

Provisions of 25 Geo. 3. c. 50. not repealed by *6 Geo. 3. c. Sz. and Provisions of that Act, Sec, to extend to this.

Form of Conviction in Act 5t5 Geo. 3,c 50# to be repealed, and the following substituted*

CAP. XXI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on Certificates issued with respect

to the killing of Garre*

Aloft Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, being desirous of raising by the most easy Means the necessary Supplies towards defray- ing your Majesty's public Sixpences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties herein after mentioned and do most humbly beflecb your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Success'ors, the several additional Rates and Duties following; that is to say,

Lor every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate issued to any Person who shall use any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine, for the taking or Destruction of Game, (not acting as a Gamekeeper under cr by virtue of a Deputation or Appointment duly registered), shall be engrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged an additional btamp Duty of one Pound one Shilling:

And for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate issued to any Person tinder any Deputation or Appointment of a Gamekeeper, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged an additional Stamp Duty of ten Shillings and six Pence.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the more effectual levying, collecting, and paying the said Duties herein before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are required and empowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and to cause such new Stamps to be provideato denote the said several new and additional Duties respectively, as shall be requisitein that Behalf, or to cause, if they fee Occasion, one new Stamp to be provided to denote the former Duties and also the Duties granted by this Act, and to alter or renew the same respectively from Time to Time, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said several Duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures, and Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and Allowances for present Payment, and all other Matters and Things which in and by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act made in the twenty fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majfy, intituled, An Act for granting to his A la] ify certain Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Game] and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and which are not repealed or altered by an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Laws relating to Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; a. for repealing certain Stamp Duties on Policies for inf tiring Property in any foreign Kingdom or State from Lfs by Fire; or which, in and by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his said Majesty, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to the Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are provided and established for raising, levying, recovering, collecting, and securing the Duties thereby granted, or referred to, or any of them, and not hereby altered, shall be of full Force and Effect with relation to the additional and new Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, recovering, collecting, and securing, the said additional and new Rates and Duties, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted, with relation to the said additional and new Rates and Duties.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Form of Conviction set forth in the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year aforesaid, to be u(ed by the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender against the said Act shall be convicted, and the Clause containing the same, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; and that from and after the said first Day of July, all Convictions to be made out by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon any Offence committed against the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year aforesaid, or of this Act, shall be made out in the Form, or to the Effect following,1 mutatis mutandis, as the Case shall happen to be; and every such Conviction shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without dating the Case or the Fadls, or Evidence, in any more particular Manner, (that is to say):

0 BE

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 2r.

('Time of Conviction,) (Place of Conviction) (TVjme of Offender)

BE it remembered, that on at----- - A.B.-

(Addition of Offender) (The Name and Style of the Convicting fujtice or

of - was duly convicted before me (or us)-----

jfujlices) (Name of Offender) (Time of Offence) (Phce of committing Offence)

- for that the {aid-----A> B. - on-----at-----:-----

did (here Jiate the Offence agohiji the Act, according to the FgEI), contrary to the Form of the Statute;

( Name of Offender)

and I (or we) do declare and adjudge that the said -----A. B% ----- hath forfeited for his said Offence

the Sum of to be distributed as the Law directs.

Given under my Hand and Seal, (or our Hands and Seals,) the Day and Year first above mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Sea!, Stamp or Mark, to resemble any Seal, Stamp, or Mark directed or allowed to be used by this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend or sell any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to any Stamp Duty by this Act imposed, with such counterfeit Stamp or Mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, relating to the said Stamp Duties by this Act imposed, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Rates and Duties herein before granted, shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on Stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the same (the necessary Charges of railing the same being dedu6ted) into his Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster, at such Time and in such Manner as other Duties on Stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance, and until the Determination of the Fund herein after mentioned to be established, unto which the Appropriation of a Part of the said Rates and Duties is hereby directed, all the Monies that shall arise of the said Rates and Duties, shall be paid into the said Receipt distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, during the Time hereafter mentioned, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever, and which Monies so to be paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, within the Time hereafter mentioned, shall be subject and applicable to the Uses and Purposes following, and to no other, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising or to arise by the said several Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, which shall be paid into the said Receipt, at any Time or 'Eimes on or before the fifth Day of April owe thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund; and that from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, all such Monies that shall be paid into the said Receipt, after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall, together with such other Rates and Duties as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment and Diliharge of the principal Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of any Act of this Session of Parliament, together with such Irterest as shall by such Act be oiredted to be paid or made payable for the said principal Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and shall be issued, applied, and disposed, towards the paying off and discharging the said Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and Interest to become due thereon as aforesaid, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of the said principal Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and all Interest to become due thereon, or reserving at the said Receipt of Exchequer so much Money out of the said Fund, to be established as aforesaid, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the said principal Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and all Interest as aforesaid, and Publication thereof in the Manner to be directed by any such Act of this Session of Parliament, the said Fund, to be established as aforesaid, shall be understood to be redeemed by Parliament, and from thenceforth all the Money arising from the Lid Rates and Duties hereby imposed and remaining in the said Receipt, or thereafter paid into the lame, 1shall be carried to and made Part of the said Fund called The Consolidated Fund, and shall from thenceforth be applied in such Manner as other Duties on Stampt Vellum, Parchment, or Paper are directed to be applied, or as shall hereafter be directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be hied, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance ert this Act, or of any Clause, Matter* or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall or may plead the General Blue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Vcr-31 Geo. III. M diet

81

Form of Conviction.

rVrfonf counterfeiting S:amps, &c. guiLy of Felony,

Duties to be paid to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties.

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer, and kept 5part from other Monies during the Time hereafter mentioned,

Duties paid into the Exchequer on or before

APril 5> |792» to be carried to the Consolidned Fond, and afterwards to be applied in Discharge of 1,833,000 1. to be raised by Exchequer BilL, anu Interest,

After Payment of the f. id *1833,000 1, and Intereil, the Duties to be earned to the Consolidated Fund.

General JITm#.

82

C. 22 - 25. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

di£t shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such De-Treble Costsr fendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for building a new Common Gaol and Session House, with Accommodations thereto, for the County of Surrey, and for disposing of the present County Gaol, and the Ground thereto belonging.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts made, one in the twenty-second, and the other in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Mary Port, in the County of Cumberland.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the Town of Oswestry, and to certain Parishes within the Hundred of O/wejlry, in the county of , and to such Part of the Parish of Llanymynech as lies within the said Hundred; and to the Parish of in the County of

Denbigh; and to the Parish of Llanjil, in, in the Counties of Salop and

Fxcamble.

21 Geo. 3. C. 49. reviled,

CAP. XXV.

An Act for repealing the Duties now charged on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes* and other Notes, Drafts, and Orders, and on Receipts; and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS, by an Act made and passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repcaling an Act made in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty^ 4 intituled, An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes payable otherwise than upon Demand and for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange* 4 Promissory and other Notes; and afo Stamp Duties on Receipts; certain Stamp Duties were granted on Brils of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Notes, Drafts, and Orders, and also upon Receipts* 4 or other Discharges given upon the Payment of Money, we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects* the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, thinking that it will be for the Advantage of the Publick to repeal all the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present

*od from A113. t, 1791, repealed.

From Aue. »t 1791, the following Stamp Duties to be via.

For tVrry Draft payab'e on Demand for 40 s. and not above

5>- S »—3 d-i atove 5 I. 5 s.

and r.o, exceeding 301.—6 d.; above 30 I. and not exceeding

JO 9 d.;

above 50 1. and

and the farr.e Duties t > be paid let Notes pay -

pretent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August 011c thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, all the several Rates and Duties imposed by the said Act of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable *y and that then and from thenceforth all the Powers and Authorities given and granted by the said Act, or by any subsequent AcS, relating to the said Rates and Duties, for the levying,- raising, or accounting for the same, and all Penalties and Forfeitures relating, thereto, shall also cease, determine, and be no longer put in Execution; faveand except always as to any Arrears of the said several Rates and Duties, or either of them* which may, on the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures reiating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and the several Powers, Provisions, and Remedies, for recovering the same respectively.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout^the Kingdom of Great Britain,u\uo and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several new Rates and Duties following y that is to lay.

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Bill of Exchange* Draft, or Order for the Payment of Money on Demand, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, where the Sura expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to forty Shillings, and shall not exceed five Pounds and five Shillings, there shall be charged a-Stamp Duty of three Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed five Pounds and five Shillings, and shall not exceed thirty Pounds, a Stamp Duty of six Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed fifty Pounds, a Stamp Duty of Nine-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed one hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling; and where such Sum shall exceed one hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed two hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling and six Pence:

not exceeding 1001.— is.} abtne 1001, and noi exceeding 200l.—1 8. 6 d.

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Promissory Note, or other Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, which may be xe-iiluable from Time to Time

ime

after

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 25.

after Payment at the Place where the same was first issued, in the Manner herein after directed, but not otherwise, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to forty Shillings, and shall not exceed five Pounds and five Shillings, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of three Pence; and where fiuch Sum shall exceed five Pounds and five Shillings, and shall not exceed thirty Pounds, a Stamp Duty of six Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed fifty Pounds, a Stamp Duty of nine Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed one hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling; and where such Sum shall exceed one hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed two hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling and six Pence:

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Promissory Note, or other Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, which may be re-issued from Time to Time after any. Payment at the same Place, or any other Place than where the same was first issued in the Manner herein after directed, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to forty Shillings, and shall not exceed five Pounds and five Shillings, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of six Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed five Pounds and five Shillings, and shall not exceed thirty Pounds, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling:

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Bill of Exchange, Draft, or Order, payable other wise than on Demand, or any Promissory Note, or other Note payable otherwise than to the Bearer on Demand, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to forty Shillings, and shall not exceed thirty Pounds, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of six Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed fifty Pounds, a Stamp Duty of nine Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed one hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling; and where such Sum shall exceed one hundred Pounds, a^id shall not exceed two hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling and six Pence:

1001.—1 s. 5 above 100 1, and not exceeding

*3

able to the Beaief on Demand* ®nd re-issuable from Time to Time where first issued.

For every fbeh Note for 40 s. and not above 5 1 5 s. re-issuable where first issued, or at an\ other FUcc, —6 d.; and above 5 V, 5 hut nil exceeding 30 1.—1 t. For every Draft, &c. payable otherwise than upon Demand, for 40$. and not above 30I,—-6d; above 301. and not exceeding jol.—9d. j above 50 I. and not exceeding ICO 1.—1 s. 6 d.

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Bill of Exchange, For every Draft Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, payable on Demand, or otherwise, shall be ingrossed, writ- or Note for ten, or printed, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall exceed two hundred Pounds, more ihaoacol. there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of two Shillings: "2,*

All which Rates and Duties shall be payable and paid by the Person or Persons respectively making or sign- Duties payable ing such Bills of Exchange* Promissory Notes, or other Notes, Drafts, or Orders by ihe Drawer.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any Foreign Bills of Exchange, which shall be drawn in

Setts, according to the Custom of Merchants, with any higher Rate of Duty than the Rate following; that is For every Fo-

to say. Where the Sum expressed in such Bills, or made payable thereby, shall not exceed one hundred Pounds, feign Bill drawn

there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of six Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed one hundred Pounds, in Sett.s> not

and shall not exceed two hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of nine Pence, and where, such Sum shall exceed ^c6e*d,.ng IOO,#

two hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling: Provided that every Bill of each Sett of such Bills so aboveVoo 1. and

drawn shall be charged, and every such Bill is hereby declared to be chargeable with the like Duty, according not exceeding

to the Rate above mentioned. *c© 1—>9 d. and

abo^e 2001.—1 s,

IV. Provided al(b, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act Order* on Bank-

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any Draft or Order for the Payment of erS within 10

Money to the Bearer on Demand, bearing Date on or before the Day on which the same shall be Miles or the

issued, and at the Place from which the same shall be drawn and issued, and drawn upon any Banker r,ace

or Bankers, or Person or Persons acting as a Banker or Bankers, and residing and transacting the Belt I. on Business of a Banker or Bankers within ten Miles of the Place where such Draft or Order shall be actually mand, exempt drawn and issued. f,om i^ty.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Notes and Bills Eank compofu whatever, which shall be issued by or on Account of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng- tion,

landj shall be freed and exempted from all and every the Stamp Duties herein before imposed, upon the Terms and Conditions that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall pay, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, the full annual Sum of twelve thousand Pounds, by equal half-yearly Payments, to be made on or before the tenth Day of OSlaber, and the fifth Day of April in every Year; the first Payment thereof to be made on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, persont drawing or other Note, Draft, or Order, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money amounting to forty Shil- Bills, &c. con- lings or upwards, by this Act intended to be stamped as aforesaid, shall, contrary to the true Iptent and trarr to this Act Meaning of this Act, be ingrossed, written, or printed on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, which shall not be be an^wcr»blc stamped or marked according to the Directions of this Act, or which shall be stamped or marked with a Stamp ,or 1 e utjr* or Mark of a lower Denomination or Value than by this Act is directed, then, and in every such Case, there shall be due, answered, and paid, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the full Rate or Duty hereby chargeable thereon as aforesaid, and which Rate or Duty shall be payable by and charged upon all and every

M 2 Person

84

Regulations respecting Notes re-issuable only at the Place where first ifTu-« i.

Penalty on re* issuing such Notes contrary to {his Ad.

Notes not exceeding 5 1. 5 s. or 30 I. legally flampt, may be re-issued, after Payment by the Granter, or by any other Per* fun.

Notes re-ifined, payable to the Holden, &c.

Penalty r«n Psr-(oo« Tuning &'c» nfta.DPt hill?, &c.

C. 25. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

Person or Persons, severally and respectively, who shall draw or make, and utter and negotiate, or cause to be drawn or made, and uttered and negotiated, any such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft or Order, on such Vellum, Parchment or Paper not stamped, or damped with such lower Duty as afore<r said, his, her, and their respective Executors, Adm ini Orators, and Assigns.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Promissory Note, or other Note, for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, which shall contain any Sum not exceeding five Pounds and five Shillings, and shall be marked or stamped with a Mark or Stamp to denote the Rate or Duty of three Pence hereby imposed; and also where any such Note which shall contain any Sum exceeding five Pounds and five Shillings, and not exceeding thirty Pounds, and shall be marked or stamped with a Mark or Stamp to denote the Rate or Duty of lix Pence hereby imposed; and also where any such Notes which shall respectively contain any Sums exceeding thirty Pounds, and not exceeding two hundred Pounds, and shall be marked or stamped with any the respective Marks or Stamps to denote the Rates and Duties respectively hereby imposed on the same in the Manner herein before directed, shall, at any Time or Times* from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, be paid by the Person or Persons by whom the same shall have been made or ligned, and first issued or negotiated, and at the Place where the lame were first issued or negotiated, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons so paying, the same, notwithstanding such Payment thereof, at any Time afterwards, and so from Time to Time, (a often as there shall be Occasion after every such Payment thereof, but not otherwise, again to issue, utter, or negotiate such Promissory Notes, or other Notes, so respectively stamped as alordkiJ, in such and the like Manner as the same were respectively first issued or negotiated; and every such Note so stamped as aforesaid shall be, and is hereby declared to be, after any such Payment thereof, but not other wise, to be again issuable and negotiable, from Time to Time, as aforesaid, in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as and for which the same was first issued or negotiated.; any Law or Statute, or any Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: And every such Note so stamped as lnft aforesaid, which, at any Time or Times from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-onc, shall be paid by any Person or Persons, other than the Person or Persons making or signing the same, or at any Place other than the Place of issuing the same in pursuance of any Direction, Nomination or Appointment for the Payment thereof, contained or expressed in or upon such Note, shall be taken and construed to be thereupon wholly discharged, vacated, and fiuisfied, and shall be no longer negotiable-or transferable to any Intent or Purpose whatever, but shall be forthwith cancelled; and if any Person or Persons shall again issue, utter, or negotiate, or cause to be again issued, uttered, or negotiated, any such Pro*-miflory or other Note, after any Payment thereof by any Person or Persons other than the Person or Persons making or signing the same, or at any Place other than the Place of issuing the same, in Manner last mentioned; or if any Person or Persons named or described in such Note for the Payment thereof, shall, after such^ Payment thereof in Manner last mentioned, neglect or refuse to cancel the same, or cause the same to be can* celled, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, foF every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; and if any such Note so stamped as lait aforesaid shall not be cancelled, as is herein before directed, but shall be again issued, uttered, or negotiated, contrary to this Act, then, and in every such Case, and from Time to Time as often as such Note shall be again issued, uttered, or negotiated, there shall be due, answer-cd, and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the like Rate or Duty which shall appear to have been charged thereon before the first issuing the same, or which is by this Act chargeable thereon as aforesaid; and which Rate or Duty shall be payable by and charged on all and every Person or Persons severally and respectively who shall again issue, utter, or negotiate any such Note or Notes, or shall cause or procure any such Note or Notes to be again issued, uttered, or negotiated contrary to this Act, his, her, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Promissory Notes, or other Notes for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand respectively, not exceeding the several Sums of five Pounds five Shillings, or thirty Pounds, as aforesaid, which shall be respectively stamped With the Duties of six Pence, or of one Shilling hereby imposed, in the Manner before directed, shall be, and are hereby declared to be re-issuable, and may be again issued and negotiated, by virtue of this Act, by the Person. or Persons making or signing the same, to such and the like Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as and for which the same respectively were hrft issued or negotiated, notv/ithltandirg such Notes shall have been presented to, and paid by the Person or Persons making or signing the same, or shall have been presented to, or paid by any other Person or Persons in pursuance of any (ucn Direction, Nomination, or Appointment as aforesaid, for the Payment thereof, or otherwise hov/soever, and so from Time to Time as often as Occasion shall require*. notwithstanding any Payment or Payments thereof; any Law, Statute* Lftge, or Custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further cnadtid by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Promissory Note, or other Note -for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, which shall be issuable or issued after such Payment or Payments as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shall be taken and construcj to be by virtue thereof due and payable to, and the Property of, the Person or Persons holding the same, notwithstanding such Payment or Payments as aforesaid, and such Person or Persons shall be peddled thereof in such Manner as he, she, or the^p would or inignt be pc tidied thereof, or intitltd thereunto, upon or before the first issuing the same, and shall and may nnuntain an Action thereupon in such Manner as he, she, or they might do, and have all the like Remedies in Law as he, she, or they might have had upon or before the first issuing the same; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who*_from. ~ and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, shall write or iign, or cause to be written or signed, or who shall accept or pay, or cause to be accepted or paid* any Bill of Exchange

S Promissory-

«5

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 25.

Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, liable to any of the Duties by this Act imposed upon any Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, without the same being first: duly stamped or marked with a proper Stamp or Markin the Manner herein prescribed, or upon which there shall not be some Stamp or Mark re-fembling the same, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered as herein after is directed.

XI. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall have Power, by virtue of this Act, to make any Bills- No Perr°n >* of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, Drafts, or Orders, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of "ue of his

Money, in any other Manner than they might have lawfully made the same before the passing of this Act, and iL!«

as if this Act had not been passed. mi,h\ ha«iaW.'

fully been done before.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of August From Aug. i, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid throughout the *79 r>the fbl* Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several new Rates I?*1."6 St"P and Duties following; that is to say, £

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, Discharge, For any Receipt or Acquittance given for or upon the Payment of Money amounting to forty Shillings, and not amounting for 40 ?. and to twenty Pounds, shall be ingrafted, written, or printed, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of two under20l.—2d. Pence:

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, Dif- For*ol. and charge, or Acquittance, given for or upon the Payment of Money amounting to twenty Pounds, and not under50l.—4d.

amounting to fifty Pounds, shall be ingrofieu, written, or printed, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of four Pence: ‘

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, Discharge, For 50 1. or or Acquittance, given for or upon the Payment of Money amounting to fifty Pounds or upwards, shall be in- uPwaids* 6d. grossed, written, or printed, there fin a 11 be charged a Stamp Duty of lix Pence.

Which last mentioned Rates and Duties shall be paid and payable by the Person or Persons by whom or on whom the whose Behalf such Receipts, Discharges, or Acquittances shall be required, except the Duties on such Receipts, Duties a pay-Discharges, or Acquittances as shall be at any Time or Times given upon the Payment of Money in respect able, of any Salary, Pension, Debt, or other Sum-payable from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in which Case the Duty shall be paid by the Person or Persons giving such Receipts, Discharges, or Acquittances.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con- Exemptions tained shall extend, or be conftmed to extend, to any Receipt or other Discharge given for any Legacy, or from the Duty, Share or Part of a Personal. Estate divided by force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, duly stamped according to the Directions of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or to any Receipt to be given by the Treasurer of the Navy for any Money imprested to, or received by him for the Service of the Navy, or to the Receipt of any Agent for iMoney imprested by or to him on Account of the Pay of the Army or Ordnance, or to any Receipt to be given by any Officer, Seaman, or Soldier, or their Representative respectiv.eiy, for or on Account of any W ages, Pay, or Pension due to them from the Navy, Army, J or Ordnance Offices respectively, nor to any Receipt to be given for the Consideration of the Purchase of any Share in any Publick Stock or Fund, or in the Stocks of the Corporations of the Bank of England, East India Company, or South Sea Company, or fi r the Dividends paid or payable on such Shares of the said Stocks, nor to any Receipt given for Money deposited in the Banks of England or Scotland, or in the House of any Banker or Bankers, nor to any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance written on the Back of any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note duly stamped according to the Directions of this Act, or on the Back of any Foreign Bill of Exchange payable in Great Britain; nor to any Release or Acqu.ttance by Deed duly stamped according to the Directions of any Law now in force; any Tiling herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con- Further Exeirp* tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, to be given upon tions.

any Bill or Note of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or to any Letter acknowledging the safe Arrival of any Bills, Notes, or other Securities for Monty, or to any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance indorsed on or contained in the Body of any Deed, Bond, Mortgage, or other Instrument acknowledging the Payment or Repayment of any Part of any principal Sum, or any lntc-relt thereupon, lent, paid, or secured in, by, or upon such Deed, Bond, Mortgage, or other Instrument duly stamped according to the Directions of former Acts; nor to any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance given, or required to be; given, for any Money payable by Law to any Merchants for Drawbacks or Bounties upon the Exportation of any Goods or Merchandizes from this Kingdom; nor to any Certificates of Overentry ol any Duties of Customs; any 'Filing in this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority afore laid, Th it the full and just Sum of Money for which The Gill Sam

any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance shall be given, and the true Date thereof, shall be bona fide respectively t b <-xp flVd inserted therein; and that all Notes, Memorandums, or Writings whatever, given to any Person or b'ersons in R^c rtv» for or upon the Payment of Money amounting to forty Shillings or upwards, whereby any Sum ot Money a"vyr*ein

shall be acknowledged to have been paid, settled, received, accounted for, discharged, releaied, or in any Man- thV £jmenU.Pof ner satisfied, or winch shall in any Manner signify or denote such Acknowledgment as aforesaid, and whether Money, be the same shall or shall not be signed by or with the Name or Names of the Pufon or Persons by or on whole liable to Du.y. Behalf the same shall be given, shall be respectively taken and construed to be Receipts within die true Intent

and Meaning of this A6l, and shall be liable to the respective Duties imposed thereon.

86

Receipts, be, in full, liable to a Duty of 6 d.

Na ueftamped

Receipt, &c, available in 1* w.

PenaVy on Persons lignin g, Szc4 Receipts undamped, &c.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners for Stamps,

Vellum, be. to be stampt before written upon* See,

C. 25. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Receipt* Discharge* or Acquittance, Note, Memorandum, or Writing whatever, given to any Person or Persons for or upon the Payment of Money, which shall contain or express, or in any Manner Signify or denote, any general Acknowledgment of any Debt, Claim, Account, or Demand, or all or any Debt;s, Claims, Accounts, or Demands being paid, settled, received, accounted for, balanced, discharged, released, or satisfied, or whereby any Sum of Money therein mentioned shall be acknowledged to be in full or in Discharge or Satisfaction of all or any such Debts, Claims, Accounts, or Demands, or intended so to be, and whether the same shall or shall not be signed by or with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons by or on whose Behalf the same shall be given, shall be deemed and taken to be a Receipt for the Sum of fifty Pounds and upwards within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall be liable to the Stamp Duty of six Pence by this Act: imposed thereon; and no such Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, Note, Memorandum, or Writing, shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court, or admitted in any Court, to be useful or available in Law or Equity as an Acknowledgment of any Debts, Claims, Accounts, or Demands being paid, settled, received, accounted for, balanced, discharged, released or satisfied, whether generally or otherwise, or for any other or greater Sum of Money than the Sum of Money therein expressed, unless the same shall be stamped with the proper Stamp to denote the said Duty of six Pence hereby imposed; any Thing in such Receipt, Discharge, Acquittance, Note, Memorandum, or Writing expressed notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, shall write or sign, or cause to be written or signed, or who shall accept, or cause to be accepted, any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, given for or upon the Payment of Money liable to any Stamp Duty charged by this Act upon any Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, without the same being first duly stamped or marked with a proper Stamp or Mark as herein is directed, or upon which there shall not be some Stamp or Mark refeqi-bling the same, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings, in case the Sum paid or contained in such Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, shall not amount to the Sum of twenty Pounds; the Sum of five Pounds, in case such Sum shall amount to twenty Pounds, and shall not amount to fifty Pounds; and the Sum of ten Pounds in case such Sum shall amount to fifty Pounds, or upwards; and all and every Person or Persons who shall give or accept any Receipt, Discharge or Acquittance, or any Note, Memorandum, or Writing, acknowledging the Payment of Money, in which ajefs Sum shall be expressed than the Sum actually paid or received, or on which there shall be a Stamp or Mark of lower Denomination or Value than is hereby charged in respect thereof, or who shall separate or divide the Sum actually paid or received into divers Sums, with Intent to evade the said Duties, or any of them, or who shall be guilty of, or concerned in, any fraudulent Contrivance or Device whatsoever, with Intent or Design to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties by this Act imposed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered in Manner as herein after is directed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more effectually-levying and collecting all the said Duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for which Purpose they, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ such Officers under them, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as may be necessary, and to use and provide such Stamps to denote the said several Duties as shall be requisite in that Behalf, and to alter or renew the same in such Manner as any other Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are, by any former Law relating to Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, directed to be altered or renewed; and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act into Execution with relation to the said Duties, in the like, and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, liable to any Stamp Duty by this Act, shall, before any of the Matters or Things hereby charged shall be ingrossed, printed, or written thereupon, be brought to the Head Office for stamping or marking Vellum, Parchment, or Paper; and the said Commissioners by themselves, or by their Officers employed under them, shall and may, from Time to Time, (lamp and mark as this Act directs, any Quantities or Parcels of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, before any of the Matters or Things hereby charged shall be engrossed, printed, or written thereupon, upon Payment of the several Duties payable for the same by virtue of this Act; and no Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, nor any Receipt, Discharge, Acquittance, Note, Memorandum, or Writing aforesaid, liable to the Duties by this Act imposed, or any of them, shall be pleaded or given in Evidencd in any Court, or admitted in any Court to be good, useful, or available in Law or Equity, unless the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which such Bill of Exchange, Pronriffory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, Receipt, Discharge, Acquittance, Note, Memorandum, or Writing as aforesaid, shall be ingrossed, printed, written, or made, shall be stamped or marked with a lawful Stamp or Mark, to denote the Rate or Duty as by this Act is directed, or some higher Rate or Duty in this Act contained; and it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners, or their Officers, to (lamp or mark any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with any Stamp or Mark directed to be used or provided by virtue of this Act, at any Time after any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, or any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, except as herein is otherwise provided, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed thereon, under any Pretence whatever j any Thing in this Act contained, or any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 2*5. 87

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar every Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, given upon the Payment of Money, and written on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not damped as aforesaid, which shall be brought to the said Commissioners, or their Officers employed by them for that Purpose, to be damped according to the Directions of this Act, within the Space of fourteen Days after such Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance shall be given, or shall bear Date, shall and may be permitted to be damped, on Payment of the Sum of forty Shillings, over and above the Duty payable for the same by virtue of this Act; and every such Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, which shall be brought to be damped as aforesaid, after the Expiration of such fourteen Days, and within one Calendar Month after such Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance shall be given, or shall bear Date, shall and may be permitted to be damped, on Payment of the Sum of five Pounds, over and above the Duty payable for the same, by virtue of this Act, and the proper Officer or Officers are hereby enjoined and required upon such Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, being brought to them, within the respective Times herein-before limited, and upon Payment of the Duty, and the respective Sums aforesaid, but not otherwise, to mark or damp such Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, with the proper Mark or Stamp by this Act required for the same.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to subject any Person or Persons to any Penalty or Forfeiture in respect of any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance accepted, or caused to be accepted by him or them, on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper not damped, in case such Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance shall be brought to the said Commissioners or their Officers employed under them to be damped as by this Act is directed; and the Duties payable for the same, together with such Penalty as by this Act is directed, shall be paid into the Hands of such Officer or Officers within the Times herein-before respectively mentioned; nor to subject any such Person or Persons to any such Penalty or Forfeiture in respect of such Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, so accepted by him or them as aforesaid, until the Expiration of such Calendar Month, after such Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance shall be given, or shall bear Date as aforesaid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Officer or other Person shall be subject to any Penalties, Forfeitures, fDiiabilities, or Incapacities in this or any former Act mentioned for writing or accepting any Receipts, Discharges, or Acquittances by this Act charged as aforesaid, given to him or them in respe<d of any publick Office or Employment, on any Book or Books belonging to any publick Office or the Office of any Corporation or Company, or in any Court of Law or Equity in Great Britain, without any Marks or Stamps thereon, which shall have been fird shewn to, and signed by the Commissioners of Stamps for the Time being appointed to put this Act in Execution, or any three of them, or some Officer or Officers by them, or the major Part of them, for that Purpose authorised and impowered to llgnify his or their Approbation or Content (and which the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, may allow or refuse at their Discretion in all cases), that the Receipts, Discharges, or Acquittances, to be written on such Book or Books, may be therein written-without any Marks or Stamps thereon, so as the Person or Persons having the Custody of such Book or Books, do, from Time to Time (when and as often as he or they shall be thereto required), permit the said Commissioners, or any of them, or any Officer or Agent by them, or the major Part of them, for that Purpose appointed, to inspe£l and view such Book and Books, and do also (from Time to Time when and as often as he or they shall be thereto required by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, or any other by them, or the major Part of them, authorised) pay unto the Receiver General for the Time being of the said Duties, all such Sum and Sums of Money which, according to the true IntentT and Meaning of this Act, ought to be paid in respect of such Receipts, Discharges, and Acquittances, as aforesaid, as shall be written in such Book or Books; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof

ReceiptSj&c. Dot stamped may be stamped within the Timei herein prescribed, uprn Payment of the Sums herein mentioned 5

and in that Case' the Parties no: liable to any Penalty.

Commissionerj of Stamps maf authoriss un-stampt Books to be used in publick Olbces, &c. for taking Receipts.

notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Vellum, &c. lawful for any Persons who shall, on the said first Day of Angiift one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, <*mpt under have in their Custody or Possession any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, marked with any Stamp or A4ark a3 Geo:3 c«49» under the said recited Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Mnj< fty\ Reign, and upon which none S^s^fte^ au3° of the Matters or Things, by the said recited Act charged, shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, at any be"8*

Time within the Space of thirty Days after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred exchanged at and ninety-one, to bring or fend such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to the said Commissioners at their the Stamp Office, Head Office, who, or their Officers under them, are hereby requited to exchange the same for Stamps of the like Value imprefied with Marks or Stamps to be provided under this Act. without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the same any Sum of Money, or other Consideration whatever; and all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper stamped or marked under the fi ici iecited Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, which shall not be brought or delivered xir.to the said Commissioners or Officers aforesaid, <TvaH be and is hereby declared to be of no other Effect or Use than if the same had not been stamped; and the Matters and Things which shall, after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, be ingrossed, printed, or written thereon, shall be of no ocher Effect than if the ikme Matters and Things had been mgroflTcd, printed, or written on undamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper; and all Persons who shall write or sign any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note,

Draft,*or Order, Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance on such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, ‘.hail be liable to the Penalties hereby inflicted on Persons writing on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper not stamped.

XXLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of all pecuniary Pe- How PenslrJf# naities and Forfeitures hereby impol'ed, shall (if sued for within the Space of three Calendar Months from are tob<?divided*

the In<* retowrrt.

.88 C. 25. Anno tricesimo prinio Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

J uftlcei mgy <Je-

*t<*r m!nr()8F'!nce» which subj?& the Parties to p-cuntiry 1'c* jjilticl.

Person® a?j;riev-4*d m«y appeal to the Quarter Sef-

Penalties may be mitigated.

Witnesses not attending, fee Co forfeit 40s.

PrniU'ei not

p.okcuted for %vi hin the limited T»«ne, recovtiaM* onljT as »j he.cin mentioned.

Fcrfojv eo'^ter-feitinu Suirp?, fee. tioiity of Fcio.y.

the Time of any such Penalty or Forfeiture being incurred) be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and the other Moiety thereof* with full Costs of Suit* to the Person or Persons who shall inform or (ue for the same within the Time aforesaid; and which shall and may be sued for in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, for Offences committed in England, and in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, for Offences committed in Scotland* by Action of Debt* Bill, Plaint* or Information* wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Wager of Law* or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Avail and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace, redding near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence against this Act, which fuojects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty; which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf within three Calendar Months after the Offence committed* to summon the Party accused; and ?dfo the Witnesses on either Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fact, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of tnc Party or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give judgement or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture as 1:1 and by this Act is directed to be divided, one Moiety thereof to his Mnjcffy, his Hffrs or Successors* and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers; and to award an 1 ifihe out his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the levying the said Penalty so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in c he they shall not be redeemed within six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any); and where the Goods of such Offender cannot be found fufticiem to anf.ver the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for the Space of three Calendar Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and satished; and if any Person or Persons shall find himfeit or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of any such Justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, or Place, which shall happen after fourteen Days next after such Conviction shall have been made, and of which Appeal reasonable Notice shall he given, wno are hereby impowered to (iirnmon and examine Witnesses uoon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the Judgement of such Justice tiiall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons appealing, to pay such Costs occalioaed by such Appeal as to them shall seem meet.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he shall see Cause, to mitigate and lesion any such Penalties as he shall think fit (reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery, as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation), and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to less than a Moiety of the Penalties incurred over and above the said Costs and Charges; any Thing contained in this Act, or any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, and shall neglect or refute to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, his or her reasonable Excuie for such Neglect or Refusal to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or appearing, shall refuse to be examined on Oath, and give Evidence before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such Means, as is herein directed as to other Penalties.

XXVIII. Provided rdways, and-be it further enacted, That, in Default of Prosecution within the Time herein before limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General in England, or Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the respective Courts aforesaid, in which Case the W hole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succtliurs; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of his Majesty's Stamp Duties for the Time being; and that in all Cates where the Whole of such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Reward as they shall think iit, not exceeding one Moiety of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered, after deducting all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout, to or amongst any Person or Persons wno shall appear to them intitled thereto as Informers, in respect of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered; any Tiling herein contained to the contrai y notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp or Mark, directed or allowed to be used or provided, made or used in pursuance of this Act for the Purpose of denoting any of the Duties by this Act.t granted, or shall counterfeit or refe.nble the Impression of the same upon any Vciium, Parchment* or Paper, with Intention to defraud his Majesty* his Heirs or Successors* of any of the said Duties* or shall utter* vend, sell, or expose to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to the said Duties, with (hell counterfeit Mark or Impression thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall privately or fr.iuGuiently ute any Stamp or Mark, directed or allowed to be uieu by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties* every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall fuss'er Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit ot Clergy.

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Geor g 11 III. C. 25.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, All Powers re-

Allowances on present Payment of the Duties, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed rpe^iirg the pre. by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper sent Dulie-» to (and not hereby altered), shall be of full Force and Eftest, with relation to the Duties hereby imposed, and to thl*

mall be applied and put in Execution for theraifing, levying, collt£sing, and securing, the said Duties hereby

imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the lame had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted with relation to the said Duties hereby imposed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Duties herein-before Duties to be paid

granted, and all Arrears of the Rates and Duties hereby repealed, shall be paid from Time to Time »o the Receiver into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on {lamped Vellum, Parch- General of ment, and Paper, who shall pay the same (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same St7^p D-ut,e?,-4 being deducted) into his Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer at Wjhninjti; at such Time and in such Manner the 1

as other Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid. chiquer.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until the Payment Tilt Payment of of the Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pound.., and Interest thereupon, in the 1,833,000l. and Manner herein after mentioned, all the Monies that shall arise of the said Rates and Duties, and Arrears as interest, as here-aforesaid, shall be paid into the said Receipt, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Re- i?,afrcr men" venues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Ex- ^Tfntoibe* chequer, during the Time herein after mentioned, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from Exchequer are the mid Rates and Duties, and Arrears as aforesaid, and paid into the said Receipt, shall be entered separate to be kept fe-and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Ac- Parate ,ron? count whatever; and which Monies, so to be paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, within the Time other Monic9» herein after mentioned, shall be subject and applicable to the LJfes and Purposes following, and no other.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising, or to arise, Dudes paid into by the said several Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, or from Arrears of the Rates and Duties hereby the Exchequer, repealed, which shall be paid into the said Receipt, at any Time or Times, on or before the fifth day of onorbtfore^Prl1 'April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Fund called carriedVo'the 27;* Consolidated Fund; and that from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and Confdidated ninety-two, out of the Monies that shall be paid into the said Receipt of the said Rates and Duties hereby Fund, imposed, or Arrears as aforesaid, after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety- and afterwards two, the Sum of thirty-two thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds, being one fourth Part of the Sum of

one hundred and twenty eight thousand six hundred Pounds, the annual Average Produce for three Years, quarterly to that ending the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, of the respective Rates and Fund,

Duties hereby repealed, shall quarterly, on the fifth Day of July, the tenth Day of October, the fifth Day of January, and the fifth Day of April, in every Year, during the Time aforesaid, be carried to, and made Part of, the said Fund called The Consolidated Fund\ and that after setting apart, at the said Receipt of Exchequer, at the End of each such Quarter, the Sum of thirty-two thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds, the remainder of the Duties granted by this Act, and Arrears as aforesaid, shall, together with such other and the remain-Rates and Duties as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament for this Pur- der applied to-pose, be a Fund for the Payment and Discharge of the principal Sum of one million eight hundred and ^rds dircharp‘ thirty-three thousand Pounds, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of any Act of this to^e'ralr^by Session of Parliament, together with such Imercft as shall, by such Act, be directed to be paid or made Exchequer Bills, payable for the said principal Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and shall and Interest. be issued, applied, and disposed towards the paying off and discharging the said principal Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and Interest to become due thereon as aforesaid, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon Payment of the said principal After Payment Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and all Interest to become due thereon, of th- ftid

or reserving at the said Receipt of Exchequer so much Money, out of the said Fund tobeestablished as afore- Xn^crest0?h*ean(i

said, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the said principal Sum of one million eight hundred and Du'ier to beV-r-

thirty-three thousand Pounds, and all Interest as aforesaid, and Publication thereof in the Manner to be rie l to the Con-

directed by any such Act of this Session of Parliament, then and from thenceforth all the Money arising foliated Fund.

from the said Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and remaining in the said Receipt, or thereafter paid into

the fame, shall be carried to, and made Part of, the said Fund called The Cor hhdated Fund, and (bail

from thenceforth be applied in such Manner ether Duties on Stampt Vellum, Parchment, or Paper

are directed to be applied, or as shall hereafter be directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that

Behalf.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, moldled, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or or any (Jlause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall or may plead the Genes at liiuc, and give the lpccial Matter in Evidence for his or their General Issue. Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict Avail pais for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants ihuii have Treble Costs awarded to Treble Cost*. him or them agumit fuel; Plaintiff or Plaintiff.

'31 Geo. III.

N

CAP.

90

[Preamble.]

26 Geo. 3. c 50, recited.

From June 14,

1791, the Liberty grai.ted to import Sell Skins, to extend to such as {lull bs cured w'rh foreign Salt laden from the Cape de Verd Islands, &c.

upon conforming to the Regulations herein prescribed.

Continuance of this Act.

[Preamble.]

*7 Geo. 3. c. 13, recited.

C. 26, 27. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to allow the Importation of Seal Skins cured with foreign Salt free of Duty, for a limited Time.

WHEREAS, by an Act, made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery, Skins of Seals taken and caught in any Part of the Ocean by the Crews of such Ships or Vessels as in the said Act are mentioned, are allowed upon Importation to be admitted to Entry, and landed without Payment of any Custom or Duty whatsoever: And it being expedient to extend the Provisions of the said Act to Skins of Seals cured with foreign Salt laden on board at Sea for that Purpose Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fourteenth Day of "June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, the Liberty granted by the said Act to import Skins of Seals taken and caught in any Part of the Ocean by the Crew of any Ship or Vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, wholly owned by his Majesty's Subjects usually residing therein respectively, and navigated in the Manner in the said Act directed, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all such Skins of Seals so taken and caught, as shall be cured or preserved with foreign Salt, laden on board such Ships or Vessels at Sea from the Cape de Verd Islands, or other Islands or Places adjacent, and which shall not be imported with more Salt or Brine than shall be necessary for the Preservation thereof, and any Quantity of foreign Salt not made in any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, which shall be necessary for curing or preserving the Skins of Seals so caught and taken, shall be allowed to be taken and laden on board such Ships or Vessels at Sea, from the said Islands and Places respectively, for the Purposes of this Act; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give Liberty of importing any such Seal Skins Duty-free, unless the Captain or Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel importing the same, shall make Oath, before the Collector or other principal Officer of the Duties on Salt at the Port of Importation, who is hereby authorised to administer such Oath, that all the Skins of Seals to be imported were taken and caught under the Restrictions and Regulations contained in the said Act for the Encouragment of the Southern Whale Fishery, and that all the Salt used in the curing or preserving the Skins of Seals so imported, was taken and laden on board such Ship or Vessel at Sea from some of the Cape de Verd Islands, or from some Island or Place adjacent thereto for that Purpose, and that to the bed of his Belief such Salt was foreign Salt, and not made in, or exported from, Great Britain or Ireland, and that no Drawback or Allowance, or Debenture for the same, hath been obtained or required; and such Skins of Seals shall also be duly entered at the Custom-house of the said Port, and landed in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, and of the Duties on Salt to be appointed for that Purpose; and that all the Salt which shall fall off and not adhere to such Skins of Seals, and all the Brine or other Liquor wherein the same shall be cured or preserved, which shall not be necessary for the immediate Preservation thereof, shall be taken from the said Skins of Seals, and shall, in the Presence of the said Officer or Officers, be cast and thrown away or otherwise destroyed \ and on Failure of any of these Conditions, such Skins of Seals, cured or preserved with foreign Salt as aforesaid, shall be liable to pay the same Duties as they would have been subject and liable to if this Act had not been made; any thing in this Act, or any former Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force from the fourteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for repealing certain Duties of Excise upon tanned Goat Skins and Sheep Skins, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof 3 and also certain Duties of Customs on tanned Goat Skins imported.

WHEREAS, by an Act, made and passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof \ and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation oj certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Mamfailure of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reluftian of the National Debt, certain Duties of Fxcifeare imposed for Goat Skins tanned with Shomack or other- wife, in Great Britain, to referable Spanijl) Leather, and for Sheep Skins tanned for Roans (being after the Nature of Spanifl) Leather) in Great Britain: Wc, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, thinking it expedient to repeal the said Duties and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof 3 and to grant the additional Duty of Customs herein-

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 27.

c after mentioned on tanned Goat Skins imported, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be c enadledand be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, the said Duties of Excise imposed by the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; Give and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all tanned Goat Skins which shall he imported into Great Britain, an additional Duty of Customs of fifteen Shillings the Dozen, and lo in Proportion for any greater or less Number of such tanned Goat Skins, to be paid in ready Money, without any Discount whatever, by the Importers of such Skins before the Landing thereof; and that there shall be all'o raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Goat Skins tanned with Shomack, or otherwise, in Great Britain, to resemble Spanish Leather, and for and upon all Sheep Skins tanned for Roans (being after the Nature of Spanish Leather) in Great Britain, to be paid by the Tanners thereof respectively, the following Duties of Excise 5 that is to say.

For every Dozen of Goat Skins tanned with Shomack or otherwise, in Great Britain, to resemble Spanish Leather, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of such Goat Skins, four Shillings:

And for every Dozen of Sheep Skins tanned for Roans (being after the Nature of Spanish: Leather) in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of such Sheep Skins, two Shillings and three Pence.

91

From July 5, 1791, the fc'x-cife Duiie>, imposed by the recited Act on tznned Go*t and SheepSkin6, repealed} and the following Duties to be levied:

On tanned Goat Skins imported, an sddi'ioml Duty of Customs, 15 3, th; Dozen.

On Goat Skins tanned withSho-mack in Great Britain, 4 s. a Dizen; and oh Sheep Skins tanned for Roans, zs, 3d.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there shall be allowed for and upon all tanned Goat Skins, on which the additional Duty of Customs by this Act imposed shall have been paid, and which shall be exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, a Drawback of the said additional Duty; which said Drawback shall be allowed and paid by the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, in such Manner, and at such Times, and under such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, as the Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs are now allowed and paid on the Exportation of Goat Skins of lrc~ land undressed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all tanned Goat Skins which may have been imported into this Kingdom iince the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, but of which Entries have not been made, shall be subject and liable to the additional Duty of Customs imposed by this Act, and shall be allowed the like Drawbacks upon the Exportation thereof from this Kingdom, in like Manner as if the same had been imported after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and J'or settling a Revenue

gon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of <cife, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, in such Cales for which other Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties of Excise by this Act imposed shall, from Time to Time, be raised, received, levied, recovered, and secured, by such Ways and Means, and under such Management, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such other Powers, and subject to such Rules and Directions, and in such Methods, Manner, and Form as by any Act or Acts of Parliament (as the Case may require) in force at the Commencement of this Act, for or in respect of (Joat Skins tanned with Shomack or otherwise, in Great Britain, to resemble Spanish Leather, and Sheep Skins tanned for Roans (being after the Nature of Spanish Leather), in Great Britain, is directed and prescribed; and that the said Act and Acts, and all the Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, xMat-ters and Things herein contained, for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, or paying the said Duties respectively, are and shall be continued, practised, and put in Execution, for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the respective Duties of Excise by this Act imposed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were particularly repeated and rc-enacted in

lh,# Act* N a VII. And

A Drawback of the additional Duty of Customs to be allowed on Exportation.

Tanned Goat Skins imported since June 1, 1791, but not entered, liable to the additional Duty.

iz Car. a. c. 24i Sec. to extend to this Act,

Duties of Excise hereby imposed to be raised, »s is provided >y any Act in frree respectir g Goat Skins, &c. tanned in Great Britain,

92 '

Duties to b« carried to the Con soli dated fund*

C. 28,29. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 179*

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money arising by the Duties by this Act imposed, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the Money so paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made Part of, tlx; Fund called The

Consolidated Fund.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to enable his Majesty to make Compensation to the Officers of the late Wine Licence Office, for the Loss of their Offices.

Act 30 Geo. 3. c. 38. recited. His Majesty may direct the Commissioners of Excise to make yearly Allowances to the Officers deprived of their Employments by the said Act, so as the whole of such All u lowances do not exceed 8001."

[Preamble.]

15 Geo. 3. c. 31.

and t6 Geo. 3. a. *6. recited.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for establishing a Court of Civil Jurisdiction in the Island of, for

a limited Time.

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

din drf for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof at the End of the Fishing Season, it was, amongst other Things, en- acted, That all Disputes which should arise concerning the \V ages of every and any such Seaman or Eiih- erman, and all Offer ices which should be committed by every Hirer or Employer of such Seaman or- Fisherman against that Act, should and might be enquired of, heard, and determined; and the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby incurred should and might be recovered in the Court of Session in the said Act mentioned, or in the Court of Vice Admiralty having Jurisdiction in the Island of Newfoundland: And

HTi Majesty may constitute a Court of Citll Jurisdiction at Newfoundland, *c.

The Manner in which the Court it to proceed.

An Appeal to kit Majesty Council may be

mentioned Act, as gives any Jurisdiction to the Court of Vice Admiralty for the said Island of Next found- land, with respect to inquiring, hearing, and determining Disputes concerning the Wages of any Seaman or Fisherman, or any Offence committed by any Hirer or Employer of such Seaman or Fisherman, or any Controversies or Differences arising from their Contracts or Agreements, should be, and the same was thereby repealed: And whereas the Provisions made by the said hrft mentioned Act, for the Administration of Justice in Civil cases, are insufficient, and it is highly expedient that a Court of Civil Juris- dibtion, having Cognizance of all Pleas of Debt, Account, Conti acts respecting personal Projxrrty, and all Trespasses against the Person, Goods, or Chattels, should be established in the said Island of Nezu~ so Midland, for a limited Time ;* be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by his Commission under the Great Seal, to institute a Court of Civil Jurisdiction, with full rower and Authority to hear and determine, in a summary Way, all Plc\.s of Debt, Account, Contracts relped/ng personal Property, and all Trespasses committed against the Person or Goods and Chattels in the Island of Newfoundland, Islands and Parts adjacent, or on the Banks of the said island of Newfoundland; which Court shall consist of a Chief Judge, to be appointed by his Majesty, and two A hello: s, to be appointed by the Governor of the said Island, from Time to Time;, which Cnict Judge, together with any one of such Afleifors, shall have full Power and Authority to hear and detcimine all Pleas by this Act cognizable by the said Court of Civil Jurisdiction; and shall have such Clerks, and other ministerial Officers, as the Chief judge shall think proper to appoint; and that such Salaries shall be paid to the Chief Judge aforesaid, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall approve and direct; and such Salaries be paid to the Ahellors, and to the Clerks, and ministerial Officers aforesaid, as shall be approved by the said Chief Judge, with the Consent of trie Governor of the Island of Newfoundland; which several Salaries shall respectively be in lieu of all other Profits and Emoluments whatever; and such Court shall be a Court of Record, and shall have all such Powers as by the Law of England are incident and belonging to a Court of Record; any Thing in the said nrft mentioned Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Court shall proceed by Complaint in Writing, and by Summons of the Defendant, in all Cases where the Complaint is for a Sum under live Pounds; and by Arrest of the Defendant, and Attachment of his Goods and Debts, or of his Effects in the Hands of any other Person where the Complaint is for more than the Sum of five Pounds; and such Court shall have Power and Authority to pass Judgement* and give Costs, in such Pleas, and award Execution, either by Levy and Sale of the Goods and Chattels, or Arrest of the Person of the PIaint.it or Defendant, and also of the Goods Debts, and Effects of the Defendant so attached.

III. Provided always, That in all Pleas, where the Sum for which Judgement shall be given shall amount to more than one hundred Pounds, it shall be lawful for die Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, to

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 30. 93

appeal to his Majesty in Council* and upon Notice of such Appeal being signified to the Chief Judge of made, where such Court, within fourteen Days after such Judgement paired, and Security gi^en to the Satisfaction of the Judgement*! hid Chief Judge, for prosecuting such Appeal, the Execution of such Judgement shall be staved. *ivcn fofmorc

than icol.

IV. And be it further enacted, That during the Time the Governor of the said Island shall continue WhiletheGo* to be resident in the said Island, or Parts adjacent, no Disputes which shall arile concerning the Wages vern°f i*refi-of any Seaman or FiQierman shall be heard and determined in the Court of Session mentioned in the dent* oifPutei said first mentioned Act, but only in the Court of Civil Jurisdiction which shall be instituted by virtue of to this Act. be h*»rd only ia

the Court of Civil Jurisdiction;

V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent the Court of Session aforesaid from hearing and determining such Disputes as aforesaid, when the Governor shall not be resident in the said Island or Parts adjacent.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Suit shall be commenced in the said Court of Civil Jurisdiction where the Cause of Action shall have arisen more than two Years before such Commencement, nor shall be heard and determined in the said Court of Civil Jurisdiction, except during the Residence of the Governor within the Ligiits of his Government; and that this Act shall commence from the tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and shall have Continuance for one Year and unto the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

when be it not resident, they may be heard in the Court of Session. Limitation of Actions.

Continuance of

a a.

[Preamble.]

CAP. XXX.

An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported.

WHEREAS the Laws now in force for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty granted on British Corn exported, require Amendment; and it is expedient that certain Parts of the said Laws should be conti- nued, and new Provisions made, and that the same should be comprized in one Act of Parliament: And whereas it is necessary, for these Purposes, that certain Acts, and Parts of Acts now in force should be repealed:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the respective Times when the several Regulations of this Act shall commence and take Effect as herein after directed, an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King James the Second, intituled An additional Alt for the Improvement of Tillagey and also an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of their late Majestics King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the Exportation of Corny and also an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending and making more ejfcc -tual an Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled, u An additional Act for the Improvement ofl uhige y* and also an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Jfigiantity exported and imported; and also an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corny and also an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further regulating Geo. 3. C.50* and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, within several Ports and Places therein mentioned y and also an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for better regulating and tfeertaining the hnpertation and Exportation of Corn and Grain y and afo for and 29 Geo. 3. better re ulating the Exportation f Starch, and the Importation of Rape Seed, shall be, and the same are 58* hereby repealed; and that all and every Provision in any other Act contained for regulating the Importation also ever vVro-

from foreign Parts, of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Peas, Beans, Oats, Beer or Bigg, Indian Corn or Maize, whether ground or ungrounc^ and of Malt, Bread, or Biscuit, made of any of the said Sorts of Corn, and for the Payment of the Duty thereon, and also ail and every Provision in any other Act contained, for regulating the Exportation of any of the said Sorts of Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, and for Payment of the Bounty thereon, except so far as the same relate to the making of Malt for Exportation, or to the Exportation thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

making of Malt for Exportation, and the Exportation thereof.

II. And whereas it will be for the Benefit of the People of this Kingdom, that the Circulation and Trade of Corn within the Realm should be free from all improper Restraint y be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Trade, as prohibits the buying of Corn to fell again, and the laying it up in Granaries, when the several Sorts of Corn are above certain Prices therein mentioned, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that it shall from henceforth be lawful to buy the several Sorts of Corn to fell again, and to lay it up in Granaries, whatever the Price thereof may be,

III. And%

From the Commencement of the Regulations of this Act,

1 Jac. a. c. 19

1 Gul. & Mar. c. i*5

5 Geo. 2. c. 12; 10 Geo. 3. c. 395 ij Geo. }. c. 4j;

vision in any other Act for regulating the I tiportation of Wheat, Arc. except such as relate to the

So much Car. 2. c. prohibits uu)ing of to (clI agaj and the Jaj it up in G lies, repca

94

From Nov. i$, 1791, *h< never Middling Britishi Wheat, Sec shall be under the Prices specified inTable A, the Bounties therein specified to be paid on Exportation thereof.

Oath to be made, that Biscuit for Exportation is made of Britishi Wheat} and no Bounty to be allowed for less Quantities than herein specified.

Bond to be given for the due Exportation of Corn,

C. 30. Anno tricesimo primo GEORGII III. A.D. 179r.

III. And, for the Encouragement of Tillage within the Realm, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one* whenever the Prices of Middling British) Wheat, Rye, Barley, Bigg, Beer, or Oats, shall respectively appear, according to the Methods directed by this Act for ascertaining the Prices of Corn, to be under the Prices specified in the following Table, marked A, there shall be allowed and paid on Wheat, Rye, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or Oats, ground or unground, being of the Growth or Product of this Kingdom, and on Malt made of such Barley, Beer, or Bigg, and on Biscuit made of such Wheat, as specified in the said Table, on the Exportation of every such Article, in British-bu\h Ships, owned and navigated according to Law, the Bounties subjoined in the said Tabic to each Article reflectively.

Table A.

SHEWING the Prices under which certain Bounties are allowed on the Exportation of the several Sorts of ground or unground Corn.

Wheat. Rye. Barley, Beer, or Bigg. Oats,

Under per Quarter — s. 4+ 5. 28 S. 22 S. *4

Bounties, in such cases, payable on the following Articles exported.

On Wheat 5 s. per Quarter. On Rye 3j. per Quarter. On Barley, Beer, or Bigg, and on Adalt made of Barley, Beer, or Bigg, 20. 6./, per Quarter. On Oats 2 s. per Quarter.

Wheat-meal is. 3c/. per Hundred Weight. Wheat-flour, and Biscuit made oi Wheat, is. 6d per Hundred Weight. Rye-meal and Flour, 97. per Hundred Weight. Barley-meal, and Beer-meal, and Bigg-meal, 10 7. per Hundred Weight. Oatmeal \zd. per Hundred W eight.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on the Entry of Biscuit for Exportation, in order to obtain the Bounty, the Exporter thereof shall make Oath (or, if one of the People called iiakers, Affirmation) that the same is made of British Wheat, and is really and truly intended to be exported as Merchandize, and not for the Use of the Ship or Vessel during her then Voyage, or any future Voyage; such Oath or Affirmation to be taken before the Collector of the Customs at the Port from whence the Export is to take place, who is hereby authorised to administer the same: And that no Bounty shall be paid or allowed for any Quantity of Biscuit shipped on board of any such Ship or Vessel, that does not exceed one hundred Weight for every Mariner or Passenger on board such Ship or Vessel, nor for less than two Tons Weight shipped on board of any such Ship or Vessel, over and above the Ship Stores allowed for every Mariner or Passenger on board the same, in the Proportions herein-before mentioned; and that no Biscuit shall be allowed in the Victualling Bill of any Ship or Vessel carrying out Biscuit as Merchandize, but that when the Debenture for Biscuit exported shall be brought into the Searcher's Office to be certified, then it shall be lawful for the Searcher to deduct from the Quantity actually shipped, the Quantity usually allowed in the respective Voyages, not exceeding, for each Mariner or Passenger, the Proportions before mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Exporter or Exporters of such Corn or other Articles before mentioned shall, before the Exportation thereof, become bound to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in a Bond, together with the Master or Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Corn or other Articles are intended to be exported, and also with one sufficient Surety (to be approved by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Exportation) in treble the Value thereof with Condition that the said Corn or other Articles so exported shall be landed at the respective Ports or Places for which the same shall have been entered, or at lbme other Port or Place not within this Kingdom, and shall not be relanded in any Part of this Kingdom, nor be landed or sold in the Ijh of Man, or in the

95

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 30.

Islands of Guernsey, Jcfey, Alderney, or Sark9, and such Bond shall be discharged in the Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to say), for such of the said Corn or other Articles as shall be entered for, or landed in the Kingdom of Ireland, or any Part of Europe, not within the Streights of Gibraltar, the Condition of the Bond shall be to bring a Certificate in discharge thereof, within six Months from the Date of the Bond; and for such of the said Articles as shall be entered for, or landed at Gibraltar, or any foreign Parts within the Streights of Gibraltar, within twelve Months from the Date of the Bond; and for such of the said Articles as shall be entered for or landed in any Part of Africa, not within the Streights of Gibraltar, and on this Side the Cape of Good Hope, or in any Part of America, within eighteen Months from the Date of the Bond; and for such of the said Articles as shall be entered for or landed at Saint Helena, or in any Port or Place at or beyond the Cape of Good Hope, within thirty Months from the Date of the Bond: Which said Certificate for such Corn, or other Articles before mentioned, as shall be landed in any Port or Place of Ireland, or any other Part of his Majesty's Dominions, Plantations, or Settlements, where any Officer of his Majesty's Customs shall be resident, shall be signed by the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs there, certifying that such Corn or other Articles were there landed; and for want of such Officer residing the re, it shall then be signed by the Governor of such Islands, Dominions, Plantations, or Settlements, or, in his Absence, by the Deputy Governor thereof respectively; and in the Islands of Guernsey, ferfey, and Alderney, it shall, in all cases, be signed by the Governor or Deputy Governor thereof, as well as "by the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs: And for such Articles as aforesaid as shall be' landed at any foreign Port or Place, such Certificate shall be signed by the British Consul, if there shall be any such Consul residing the re, and, if not, then such Certificate shall be under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate of such Port or Place, or, if there be no such Chief Magistrate, under the Hands and Seals of two known British Merchants then resident at such Port or Place, tcilifying that such Articles were there landed: And such Bond may also be discharged, upon Proof made to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland for the Time being respectively, that such Corn* or other Articles, were taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Bounty shall be paid by Debenture, on Oath having been made by the Exporter, or his known Servant, or, in case the Exporter, or his known Servant, shall be one of the People called Quakers, on his Affirmation, at the Time the said Corn or other Articles respectively were entered for Exportation, that the same are of the Growth or Product of this Kingdom, and on Certificate of the Searcher of his Majesty's Customs, that the said Corn, or other Articles, have been actually shipped, and on the Oath of the Owner or Master of the Vessel on board of which such Corn, or other Articles, were entered for Exportation, or, if one of the People called Quakers, on his Affirmation, that such Vessel was British-bu\\t and owned, and navigated according to Law, and on Oath also of the Exporter 011 the Debenture of the said Corn, or other Articles, or, if one of the People called Quakers, on his Affirmation, that the said Corn, or other Articles, had been duly exported; and, in the case of Malt malted and shipped for Exportation, on a Certificate being produced from the proper Officer of Excise, that such Malt had been malted in such Manner as to intitle it to the Bounty, after the Rate of thirty Quarters of Malt for every twenty Quarters of Barley: Which several Oaths or Affirmations before mentioned are hereby required to be made or taken respectively before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port from whence such Corn, or other Articles, are exported, and the said Officers respectively are hereby authorised and required to administer the said Oaths or Affirmations.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifteenth Day of Nove?nber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, whenever the Prices of Middling British Wheat, Rye, Barley, Beer, Bigg, Oats, Pease, or Beans shall respectively appear, according to the [Methods directed by this Act for ascertaining the Prices of Corn, to be at or above the Prices specified in the following Table, marked B, no Personor Persons whatever shall directly or indirectly export, transport, carry or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any Por{ or Place of this Kingdom, or shall load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of any such Port or Place, any of the Sorts of Corn before mentioned, or any Articles made thereof* except Starch, as specified in the said Tabic.

How such Bond* are to be dif* chjrged.

Bounty to be paid, on Oath being made as herein directed.

From Nov. 1791, whenever Middling British Wheat, &c. shall be above the Prices specified in Table B, no Corn, etc. except Starch, to be exported.

Table

g6 C. 30. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. D* 1791.

TABLE B.

SHEWING the Prices at or above which Exportation of the several Articles therein mentioned is prohibited.

- Wheat. Rye, Pease, Beans. Barley, Beer, Bigg. Oats.

If at or above, per Quarter — Then not to export — s. 46 Wheat, or Meal, Flour, Malt, Bread, or Biscuit, made of Wheat. S. 3° Rye, Pease, or Beans, or Meal, Flour, Bread, or Biscuit, made of Rye, Pease, or Beans. S. 23 Barley, Beer, or Bigg, or Meal, Flour, Malt, Bread, or Biscuit, made of Barley, Beer, or Bigg. s. 15 Oats, or Meal, Malt, Bread, or Biscuit, made of Oats.

Corn, &c. exported contrary to this Act to be forfeited with the Vessel, &c.

If satisfactory Proof be made, from the Small-ness of the Quantity, that any such Corn, Src. v/as on board without the Privity of the Owner or IVlafter, the Vessel not to be forfeited.

Corn, &c. begun to be shipt Outwards, or such Part thereof iS shall be shipt within 20 Days from the Entry, may be exported, thou^hthePiices should in the mean Time rife to the Rates at which the Ex-pollution is prohibited.

Act not to extend to Corn, &c, for the Suf-tenaoce of the Crew, fee. of any Vesselj or for vi*:u.«l* in» his Majesty's Ships of War, &c.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Corn, or other Articles, which shall be so exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, or lo laden or laid on board in any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of this Kingdom, contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited, and that every Offender therein shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Bushel of neat, Rye, Beale or Beans, Barley, Beer or Bigg, Oats, or Meal, Flour, or Malt made of any of the aforesaid Sorts of Corn, and twelve Pence for every Pound Weight of Biscuit Bread made thereof, which shall be so exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, or lb laden or laid on board in any Ship or ether Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of this Kingdom, and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat wherein any of the said Articles, herein before specified, shall be exported, or upon which any of the said Articles shall be laden or laid in order to be exported, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and the same respectively may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent Evidence from being received to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, in case any Ship or Vessel shall be under Seizure by any Officer or Officers of the Customs for having any Corn, or any of the other Articles as aforesaid, on board, contrary to the Meaning of this Act; or to prevent Evidence from being received in any Suit or Information brought for the Forfeiture of any Ship or Vessel for or on Account of such Corn, or other Articles as aforesaid, being so on board, in order to shew, from the Smallness of the Chiantity of the said Corn, and other Articles as aforesaid, and other Circumstances of the Case, that the said Corn, or other Articles as aforesaid, were on board such Vessel without the Knowledge ‘and Privity either of the Owner or of the Maffier, or other Person having the Charge or Command thereof, and without any wilful Neglect or Want of reasonable Care in the Discharge of the Duty of such Owner, Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and in every such Case where Proof shall be so made respectively, such Ship or Vessel shall not be forfeited for or on Account of such small Quantity of Corn or other Articles as aforesaid.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall have entered Outwards

any Corn, or other Articles, as aforesaid, and shall have begun to ship or lay the same on board, during the Time that the Prices of MiJdling British Corn, taken in the Manner herein after directed, shall be under the Rates at or above which the Exportation of such Corn or other Articles is prohibited by this Act, such Person shall not be prohibited from exporting such Corn or other Articles actually shipped or laden on board, or so much thereof expressed in such Entry as shall be so shipped or laden on board within twenty Days from the Entry thereof at the Custom-house for Exportation, although the Prices of Corn may have risen to the Rates at or above which the Exportation of such Corn or other Arricles are prohibited, nor from receiving the Bounty by this Act allowed thereon in Crfcs where such Bounty is payable, although the Prices of Corn may have risen to the Rates at or above which the Payment of the Bounty thereon is not allowed by this Act, after such Person or Persons shall have begun to ship the same, and before the Exportation thereof, Proof in such Case being made by the Exporter, upon the Debenture, that the Corn or other Articles were really and bona fide shipped or laden on boaid within twenty Days from the Entry thereof: Provided also. That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit at any Time the Exportation or carrying out of such or so much of the said Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, as shall be necessary to be carried in any Ship or other Vessel on its Voyage out and home, for the Suflenance, Diet, and Support of the Commander, Mailer, Mariners, Passengers, and others, or for the Ule or Suftennnce of the Cattle, Live Stock, or other Animals on board of such Ship or Vessel, or for victualling or providing any of his Majesty's Ships of War or other Ships or Vessels in his Majdiy's Service, 01 for victualling or providing any oi I.is

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 30. 97

Majesty's Forces, Forts, or Garrisons; or to prohibit, at any Time, the Exportation of Beans to the British Forts, Castles, or Factories in Africa, or for the Use of British Ships trading upon that Coast, which have tifually been supplied with the same from Great Britain; or to prohibit, at any Time, any Person or Persons /rom shipping or putting on board, except as herein after provided, any Corn, or any of the Articles aforesaid, to be carried Coastwise, that is to say, from any Port, Creek, Member, or Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, to any other Port, Creek, Member, or Part of the same respectively, having such or the like Coast Sufferance, and Cocquet or other Coast Dispatch for that Purpose, and on such or the like sufficient Security being first given for the landing and discharging the same, as now is or may hereafter be by Law in such Case required; or to prohibit the several Sorts of Corn and other Articles from being exported to certain Places out of and from certain Ports in this Kingdom, as described in the following 'l'able, marked C, for the Purposes and in the Quantities therein mentioned, so as the whole Quantities to be exported within twelve Calendar Months from every fifteenth Day of November, do not exceed the several Quantities therein respectively limited.

or to Beans exported to the Britishi Forts,&c. in Africa $ or Corn, &c. canied Coastwise upon Sufferance

or to the Quantities of Corn, &c, permitted to be exported to certain Places mentioned in Table C.-

TABLE C.

SHEWING the Quantities of CORN, and other Articles, that may be exported in One Year, to certain Places, for the Suftenanee and Use of the Inhabitants thereof, from certain Ports.

To what Place. From what Port. Corn, and other Articles. Quantity.

Quarters. Toni.

Gibraltar — — London — — — Wheat, Wheat-meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, or Peale, not exceeding in the Whole — 2,500

Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney — — Southampton «—> — Wheat, Wheat-meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, or Bread, Bif-cuit, or Pease, not exceeding in the Whole — — 9,800 mmm

Lie of Man — — f Whitehaven — — r } Liverpoole — — "S [^Kirkcudbright —£ Wheat, Wheat-meal or Flour, Barley, Oats, not exceeding — Ditto — Ditto — —-Ditto — Ditto — — 1,000 1,000 500

Saint Helena, Bencoolen, and the Company's Settlements in the East Indies — 1 Great Britain, by the East India t r Company — j Wheat, Wheat-meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, not exceeding in the Whole — — 1,500

The British Forts, Castles, or Faflories, in Africa — r By the Committee of the ComO 3 pany of Merchants trading to > [ Africa J Wheat-flour, not exceeding —; Biscuit, not exceeding — — 33 lS

His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, in which the Bahama and Bermuda, or Somcr Islands, are included — - TFrom such Ports, and in such Pro- f portions to each Island respect 1 tively, and in such Proportions in each and every three Months, as 1 j shall be directed by the Lords of<( ' his Majesty's Privy Council, ap- 1 pointed for the Consideration of j all Matters relating to Trade and 1 Foreign Plantations — — Barley — — — Beans — — — Oats — — Oat-meal — — Pease — — — Rye — — Wheat — — — Wheat-flour — — Biscuit — — Grotts — — — 5.000 20,000 25,000 4.000 500 1,000 609 3, Z2® 95® 2S

The Bay of Honduras, or Coast of Yucatan, for the Suftenanee and Use of the British Settlers there — 31 Geo. III. f From such Ports as shall be direct-! j ed by the Lords of his Majesty's j ! Privy Council, appointed for the I 1 Consideration of all Matters re- f lating to Trade and Foreign I L Plantations J Flour, not exceeding — — Biscuit — — — Pease — — Oat-meal — — Barley — — — *»5 25O 50 2Q 2d

98

C. 30. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III# A.D. 1791.

Table C. continued.

To what Place.

Hudson's Bay, for the Benefit of the Hudson's Bay Company, and their Servants reading the re —

Newfoundland -

Nova Scotia —*

From what Port#

1 f

y London — — — {

J

London —

Bristol —-

Poole -

Dartmouth —-

Topsham and Tingmouth Whole from both Places

Liverpool — Weymouth — Plymouth —

-1 -1 -1

-1

, in the t

‘ ~l -1 -1 -1

Chester —

Port Glasgow and Greenock, in t the Whole from both Places — I

Barnstable —

Southampton —

Cowes —

London —

Bristol —

Poole

Dartmouth —

Corn, and other Articles#

Topsham and Tingmouth, the Whole from both Places

Plymouth —»

I

-1

-I

-1

-1

-i

ing

not exceeding -

Pease — Biscuit Flour — Pease

Biscuit —

Flour

Pease —

Biscuit

Flour —

Pease

Biscuit — Flour

Pease —

Biscuit Flour —

Pease

Biscuit —

Flour

Pease —

Biscuit Flour —

Pease,

Biscuit — Flour

Pease —

Biscuit Flour —

Pease

Biscuit —

Pease

Biscuit — Flour

Pease, or Flour Biscuit*

Pease, or Flour Biscuit

Pease —

Biscuit —

Flour —

Pease —

Biscuit —

Flour —

Pease —

Biscuit

Flour —

Pease —

Biscuit —

Flour —

Pease —

Biscuit —

Hour —

Pease —

Biscuit —

Flour —

Quantity.

1 Qu rters. Tons.

exceed-

- 4a

Barley,

Biscuit,

- 260 —

- 500 —

- 500

- 64

- 45O

- 50 0

- 4s

- 1,300 —

- i>4oa

- 400

- 850 —

- 850

- 240

- 1,200 —

- 900

- 240

- 280 —

- 300

- 48

- 240 —

- 120

- 3Z

- 200 —

- 200

- 40

- 240 —

- 200

- 48

- IOO —

- 150

- 150 —

- 150

- 64

- 3°° —-

- ISO

- 3°o # —

- 120

- 600 —

- 400

- 48

- 400 —

- 350

- 3Z

- 200 —

*— — 200

- 3Z

300 —

- 3°°

—* — 48

400 —

- 400

- 48

300 —

- 300

1 40

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 3o.

Table C. continued.

99

To what Place.

Bay Chaleur -

Labrador -

Portugal, or elsewhere —

London -

Bristol -

Poole -

Dartmouth —

Topsham, and Tingmouth, in the Whole from both Places

Plymouth —

London -

Bristol -

Poole -

Dartmouth

Topsham and Tingmouth, in the Whole from both Places

Plymouth —

From Kirkwall, under such Limitations and Restrictions as shall be made by the Lords of his Majesty's Privy Council, appointed for the Consideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations

f Pease

Biscuit L Flour f Pease

) Biscuit Flour f Pease

Biscuit I-Flour

i Pease s Biscuit ( Flour I Pease \ Biscuit ( Flour f Pease

Biscuit (Flour

i Pease s Biscuit t Flour f Pease

5 Biscuit L Flour { Pease

\ Biscuit I Flour C Pease

Biscuit ( Flour f Pease

Biscuit ( Flour ( Pease

Biscuit ( Flour

utti VJiVYUll 1 UK

lflandsof Orkney -

Quantity.

Quarters. Tons.

- v-n 1 O O 1 —

- —

- 400 —

- 3°°

- 32

- 200

- zoo

—* — 48

O O m —

300

- 48

- 400 —

- 400

- 48

O O —

- 300

3°

""1 500 —

- 400

- 32

- 400

- 300

32

- ZOO

- zoo

- 32

0 0

- 300

- 56

" 400 —

- 400

- 4*

200 —

" — 300

3°

the

5,000

In the foregoing Table, fifty-six Pounds avoirdupois of Wheat-meal, and forty-five Pounds avoirdupois of Wheat-flour, is to be deemed equal to every Bushel of unground Wheat; and twenty-two Pounds avoirdupois of Oat-meal shall be deemed equal to every Bushel of unground Oats.

XI. And be it further enacted, That such Exporter of the several Sorts of Corn or other Articles aforesaid, either to any of the Places mentioned in the said Table C. or for his Majesty's Forces, Forts, or Garrisons, or for the Use of British Ships trading on the Coast of Africa, or Beans for the British Forts, Castles, or FadWies in Africa, shall, before the shipping thereof, declare the Island or Place for which the said Corn or other Articles are respectively intended to be exported, and he, together with the Master or Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Corn or other Articles are intended to be exported, shall bixome bound to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in a Bond, with one other sufficient Surety (to be approved by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Exportation) in Treble the Value thereof, with Condition that the said Corn or other Articles so exported shall be landed at the respective Islands or Plages for which the same shall be so declared and entered for the

O z several

Bond to br given for the due Exportation of Corn, &c. to the Places mentioned in Table C, or for his Majesty's Forces See,

IOO

C. 30. Anno tricesimo primo

How such Bonds (hiII be dif-charfced*

Inhabitants of Cuernfey, may g-anfporc directly from thence to New* fouodland, Arc. for the Use of the Fishery, the Wheat, &c. allowed to be imported intothofe lfhodt, agreeable to 9 Geo. 3. c. s8.

Cora, &c« may be exported to Ireland, during an Embargo on the Exportation thereof from that Kingdom, under certain Regulations*

I a Cases of War, dec. his Majesty in Council, when the Parliament is not fitting, may allow the Quantities of Corn, &t, herein mentioned, to be exported in addition to th'Quan-thie* specified in table C.

Tcvcral Purposes aforesaid, and shall not be landed or sold in any other Parts whatsoever, the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted; and such Bond shall be discharged upon producing such Certificate -as is here* in-before required, with respect to Corn and other Articles exported on Bounty, within the Times there foecified, as the Case may happen to be, or on Proof made, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the " Customs in England or Scotland, for the Time being, respectively, that such Articles were taken by Enemies, or periftied in the Seas: Provided always, that in case such Corn or other Articles shall be exported for the Ule'of his Majesty's . Forces, Forts, or Garrisons, there shall also be a Certificate of the Commis-fary of Provisions, or any Person who shall receive the same into his Charge or Custody for the Use of his Majesty's Forces, testifying the Quantity so received by him.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person inhabiting the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, to ship and lade at any of the said Islands, and to transport directly fronv thence to Newfoundland, or to any other of the Brit I fa Colonies or Plantations in America, where the Fishery is now or shall hereafter be carried on, on board any Ship or Vessel which may lawfully trade there, the Whole or so much of the Wheat, Rye, Barley, and Meal, Flour, Malt, Biscuit, or Pease, so allowed to be imported into the said Islands, as shall be fit and necessary for the Fishery in those Parts, or for the Use and Support of the Mariners or other Persons employed on board the Vessels, or on Shore in carrying on the said Fishery, in the same Manner, and under the same Limitations and Restrictions, to all Intents* Conitruclions, and Purposes, as are prescribed in and by an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit the Inhabitants ef Jersey and Guernsey to export directly from thence to Newfoundland or the British Colonies in America, Goods nccejfaryfor the Fishery, under certain Re-

Jlriftions, and to import from thence non-enumerated Goods (except Rum), and to land the same in the Zdid Islands, as if the same were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Actj any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed

to extend, to prohibit any Sort of Corn, or any of the other Articles as aforesaid, from being exported from 1 Great Britain to the Kingdom of Ireland, during such Time and so long as any general Prohibition of, or embargo on the Exportation of such Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, shall be in force in that Kingdom, the same having been notified in the London Gazette; but that it shall and may be lawful, during the Time that such Prohibition or Embargo shall be in force in that Kingdom, to export such Cqrn, or other Articles as aforesaid, from Great Britain to Ireland, so as the Exporter of any such Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, from Great Britain, do, before the shipping thereof, declare upon Oath, or Affirmation, being one of the People called Quakers, before (he Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port from whence the Exportation is about to take place (which Oath or Affirmation the said Collector or ‘ other Chief Officer is hereby impowered to administer), that all such Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, is intended to be exported to Ireland, specifying (herein the Port to which the lame is intended to be exported, and also that he, together with the Matter or Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship* or Vessel in which such Corn or other Articles are intended to be exported, do become bound in a Bond with one other sufficient Surety, in Treble the Value of such Corn, or other Articles as aforesaid, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with Condition that he will carry the same to such Port or Place in the Kingdom of Ireland; and such Bond shall be discharged upon producing a Certificate of the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port in Ireland\ for which the same was entered to be exported, in the Manner herein-before directed, with respect to Com and other Articles exported oix Bounty.

XIV. And whereas it may be highly expedient, for the Relief of his Majesty's Subjects in his Co—

ionics and Plantations, and other Parts out of the Realm, in Cases of War, Hurricane, Dearth, or fudderx Distress, to impower his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to allow, in such cases, the Exportation of an additional limited Quantity of Corn, and of the other Articles before mentioned f be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, during such Time as Parliament shall not be fitting, to allow, m addition to the Quantities specified in Table C. the Exportation of any of the Sorts of Corn, or of the other Articles herein-before mentioned, in any Quantities not exceeding five thousand Quarters of each of the several Sorts of unground Corn, and two thousand Tons of each of the several Sorts of ground Corn or Biscuit in any-one Year, on the Exporters, together with the Matters or Persons having the Charge or Command of the Ships or Vessels in which such Corn or other Articles are intended to be exported, giving Bond, with one' other sufficient Surety, in Manner herein-before last directed, With respect to Corn and other Articles allowed to be exported in the Quantities and Proportions mentioned in the Table marked C. 5 and such Bond shall be discharged by Certificate in the Manner herein-before last directed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, upon the Importation into Great Britain from foreign Parts, of Wheat Wheat-meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Oats, Oat-meal, Pease, Beans, Indian Corn and Maize*' the Duties to be paid thereon respectively shall be regulated and ascertained according to the Prices of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Beer or Bigg, Pease, Beans, Oats, and Oat-meal, in the Manner set forth and spe— cified in the following Table, marked D«; and that no Com ground, except Wheat-meal, Wheat-flour and Oat-meal, nor any Malt, shall be imported into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas under Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported, with, her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel* and the same shall, and may be seized determined by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

From Nov. t$,

1791, tfcUutics on Wheat, &c. imported, tube regulated according to the Prices specified in Table D. and no Coro ground except Whe#trnnealf ice. nor any

Wilt, to be Imjoffed, on Penalty of Forfeiture, Scc.

Tab t r

IQI

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 30.

Table D.

SHEWING the Prices according to which High or Low Duties are to be paid on Importation.

If under, per Quarter High Duty -

If at or above, per Quarter Second Low Duty —

Wheat. Rye, Pease, Beans. Barley, Beer, or B gg. Oats.

- s. 5° d. — s. 34 J. — s. 25 d. - s. 17 d

- 24 3 — 22 — 22 — - 6 7

5° — — 34 — — 25 — - 17 —

- 54 — - 37 — — 27 — - x8 —

- 2 6 1 6 — 1 3 - 1 —

- 54 - — 37 — — 27 — - 18 —

- 6 — — 3 — — 3 - — 2

Importation of Wheat-meal and Flour to be governed by the Price of Wheat as follows; s.d. High Duty, per Cwt. 6 6 ill Low 1 6 2d Low Dy l 0 Malt made of Rye ground, Importation of Indian Corn or Maize to be governed by the Price of Barley as follows: s* d. High Duty, per Q^ 22 0 ill Low 1 3 2d Low X)y 03 Barley, Indian Malt made

Wheat prohibit- Malt made of Corn or Maize, of Oats

ed. Rye, Pease ground, and Beans ground, prohibited. Beer or Bigg ground, and Malt made of Barley, Indian Com, or Maize, Beer or Bigg, prohibited. prohibited.

Oat-meal.

If under, per Boll of 140/5. avoirdupois, 5 or 12 8 lb. Scotch Troy J High Duty,") per Boll 3 If at or above, 1 per Boll -J But under, perl Boll - -j First Low Duty If at or above,") per Boll J Second Low 1 Duty - -J

d.

16

16

17

17

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever an Act shall have passed in the Parliament of h eland per- When Wheat, mitting the Importation, from Great Britain into Ireland, of Wheat* Wheat-meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, &c- ».s impart-Beer or Bigg, Oats, Oat-meal, Pease, Beans, and Indian Corn or Maize, respectively, at Prices equal 10 the Prices mentioned in the following Table, marked E, taken quarterly, according to the Prices of Wheat, an<Jcnot

Rye, Pease, Beans, Barley, Beer or Bigg, and Oats unground, and of Oat-meal, at the Time that the same above the Duties shall be imported into that Kingdom, and subject to no higher Duties respectively than those specified in the in Table E, the said Table marked E, the Duties to be paid upon the Importation into Great Britain from Ireland, and the ^utles °n the Province of Shtebcc^ and the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, and also from other f,om Ireland Foreign Countries, of Wheat, Wheat-meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer or Bigg, Oats, Oat-meal, Quebec, or Pease, Beans, and Indian Corn or Maize, shall, after the Expiration of three Calendar Months from the Notifi- Wheat'&c. to cation, by Order of his Majesty in Council, to be publishckl in the London Gazette^ of such Act having pallid in bc ^gulaied ac-the Parliament of Ireland, and during the Continuance of such Act, or of any other Act the repalled to the same wording to the Purport and Effect, be respectively regulated and ascertained, according to the Prices of Wheat, Rye, Barley, £rices mTabl« Beer or Bigg, Pease, Beans, Oats, and Oat-meal, in the Manner set forth and specified in the said Table marked E> instead of the preceding Table marked D.

T a b l K

102

C. 30. Anno tricesimo primo Georgtx III. A.D. 1791.

TABLE E, '

SHEWING the Prices according to which High or Low Duties are to take place on

Importation.

When Imported from Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies and Plantations io North America:

If under,*per Quartr High Duty, perQ^ If at or per Quarter But under)

First low Duty If at or above,*) per Quarter J Secondlow Duty

ty, perv^ above, 1 irter J r, per Q

When imported from any other Foreign Country:

If under, perQuarr High Duty, per Q^j Jf at or above,*) per Quarter J But under, per Q^_ First low Duty — If at or above,*) per Quarter 3 Secondlow Duty

Wheat.

Rye, Pease, Beans.

/. d.

48 - 32

24 3 22

48 - 3*

52 - 35

2 6 1

52 - 33

- 6

50 -24

JO -

54 2 6

54 -- 6

Importation of Wheat Meal, and Flour, to be governed by the Price of Wheat, as follows.

When imported from Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Co ionics or Plantations in North America d.

High Duty,*} per Cwt. j First low Duty 1 2d low Duty - o

6 6

When imported from any other Foreign Country:

High Duty, I per Cwt. J Fird low Duty I 2d low Duty - I

Malt made of Wheat, prohibited.

- 3

34 -

22 -

34 -

37. 7

1 6

37 -- 3

Rye ground, Malt made of Rye, Pease ground, and Be«ms ground, prohibited.

Barley, Beer, or Bigg.

j. d. 24 -22 -

24 -

26 -

3

26 -

- 3

5 -22 -

25 -27 - 3 27 -

- 3

Importation of Indian Corn or Maize to be governed by the Price of Barley, as follows.

When imported from Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America:

HIgh © per Quart'3

First Iow Duty I

2d low Duty — o

When imported from any other Foreign Country:

High Duty,*) luartr3

22 o

per Quai First Iow Duty I 2d low Duty — o Barley, Indian Com or Maize, Beer or Bigg ground, and Malt made of Barley, Indian Corn or Maize, Bteror Bigg, prohibited.

Oats.

16

6

d.

7

16 -

17 -1 —

17 -

- 2

17 -

6 7

17 -

18 -1 -

18 -

- 2

Malt made of Oats pro hibited.

When imported from Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations. in North A-raerica:

If under, per Boll of 140/6. Avoirdupoisej or 128 lb. Scotch Troy For every such Boll, high Duty

If at or above, per Boll But under, d° Firstlow Duty

If at or above, per Boll 2d low Duty

When imported from any other Foreign Country:

If under, per Boll High Duty, per Boll -

If at or above, per Boll But under, d° ill low Duty

If at or above, per Boll — 2d low Duty

Oat-

meal.

lS'~

8 -

15 -

16 -1 —

16 -- 2

16 — 8 -

16 —

17.-

I -v

17 -

- 6

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 30. 103

On the Import.

ation of Cora at the Growth of Ireland, the Master to bring a Certificate from the Officer of the Port of shippingj exp-effing the

XVII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Importation into Great Britain of any Corn, Meal, or Flour, as of the Growth or Production of Ireland\ or the Province of tehee, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Vessel in or on Board of which the same shall be imported or brought, shall bring with him a Certificate or Certificates from the Chief Officer or Officers of the Customs in the Port where such Corn, Meal, or Flour shall be put on Board, expressing the Quantity and Sort of Corn, Meal,* or Flour, put on Board, and mentioned in the Bill or Bills of Lading, with the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode of the Exporter or Exporters, and the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode of such other ,p.cljlI1g Person or Persons who shall have sworn that the Corn, Meal, or Flour therein mentioned, is bona fide of ^auiity* the Growth or Production of Ireland, or the Province of Quebec^ or the other British Colonies or Plantations

in North America respectively, and where and to whom consigned; and the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Vessel importing or bringing in the same, shall, on Arrival in Great Britain, make Oath before the Collector or Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port in Great Britain where such Vessel shall arrive, who are hereby authorised to administer the said Oath, that the Corn, Meal, or Flour, imported or brought in such Vessel, is the same which is mentioned and contained in the said Certificate or Certificates; on Failure whereof, such Corn, Meal, or Flour, shall be deemed.and taken not to be of the Growth or Production of Ireland, or the Province of £hiebcc\ or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, but shall be considered, to all Intents and Purposes, within the Meaning of this Act, as Corn, Meal, or Flour, imported or brought into Great Britain from some other foreign Country.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties (b specified in the Tables marked D and E, shall (as the Case may be) be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and that the same shall be applied, except as herein after directed, in such and the like Manner, and by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and to such and the like Purposes, as any of the Duties of Customs upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported into Great Britain from foreign Parts are now by Law raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and applied; and that such of the said Duties as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being, and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being.

Duties in TaWei D and E,to be nif"d, ftc. is the Duties of Customs c n Importation ne now raised, and to be under the M^ni^ement of ti e Commissioners of Customs in England and Scotland reflectively.

XIX. And, in order to promote and extend the Commerce of the Merchants of this Kingdom in foreign Corn, and to provide Stores, which may be always ready for the Relief of his Majesty's Subjects in Times of Dearth, be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, in case any Wheat, Wheat- meal or Flour, Rye, Pease, Beans, Barley, Beer or Bigg, Oats or Oat-meal, Indian Corn or Maize, shall be imported into any Town or Port having a Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, or into any other Port that shall be approved by his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, the same, upon due Entry thereof, may be forthwith landed from on Board the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so imported, in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, without Payment of any Duty whatever; provided that an exact Account be taken of the Quantity thereof and entered in a Book to be kept by the proper Officer of the Customs of the said Ports, and that the same shall, upon landing, be immediately lodged and secured, under the joint Locks of the King and the importer or Proprietor thereof, in such Warehouses as shall be fit for that Purpose, to be provided at the sole Expence of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, with the Approbation and under the Care and Inspection of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, or the Collector and Comptroller of the Port where such Corn, Meal, or Flour, shall be imported; and such Corn, Meal, or Flour respectively, shall be under the Care of the said Commissioners of the Customs, or the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, for the Port where the same shall be so imported, with Liberty for the Proprietor or Proprietors, or his or their Servants, to fereen, turn, and take such other Care of the same as Necessity shall require, in the Presence of some Officer or Officers of the Customs, to be appointed and paid for that Purpose by such Commissioners of the Customs, or the Collector and Comptroller of the Port; and such Corn Meal, or Flour respectively shall not be delivered or taken out of any such Warehouse, but upon the following Conditions; (that is to say) If the same, or any Part thereof, shall be delivered in order to be used or con-filmed in this Kingdom, and not first to be carried Coastwise to some other Port of this Kingdom* where foreign Corn of the same Sort may be imported on the low Duties, the Person or Persons so taking out the same shall first pay down, in ready Money, such Duties as shall at the Time of taking out the fam^ be due or payable for the like Sort of Corn, Meal, or Flour, imported into the same Port from any foreign Country whatever 5 and also, in Addition to such Duties, the several and respective Duties specified in Table D, under the Name of the first low Duties; and such Corn, Meal, or Flour, respectively, shall be measured out from the Warehouses, and shall in all other Respects be liable to the same Restrictions and Regulations as the same respectively would have been liable to if the same had not been warehoused in pursuance of this Act: And if

any of the said Corn, Meal, or Flour, so warehoused as aforesaid, shall be delivered or taken out for Exportation to foreign Parts, or to be carried Coastwise to any other Ports of this Kingdom where foreign Corn of the same Sort may be imported on the low Duties, the Owner or Exporter thereof, together with the Master or Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Corn, Meal, or Flour, are intended to be exported, and also with one other sufficient Surety, to be approved of by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, shall enter into Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in treble the Value thereof, with Condition that no Part of the same shall, if entered for Exportation,

From No?, 15, 1791, Wheat. &c. imp. rted, may be hndrd without Payment of Duty, and warehoused under certain R«gu latwna.

Condi*.inns upon which such imported Wheat, &c. may be taken out of Warehouses*

104 C. 30. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

be re-landed in Great Britain, or, if entered to be carried Coastwise to any other Port of this Kingdom where foreign Corn of the same Sort may be imported on the low Duties, be landed at any other than such Port, or at the Hlands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the Islands of Faro or Ferro; which Bond shall be discharged by such Certificate as is herein before required with Fefptdl to Corn and other Articles exported

on Bounty within the Times there specified, as the Case may happen to be; and such Bonds may also be discharged, on Proof made, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland for the Time being, respectively, that such Corn or other Articles were taken by Enemies, or perished in the Sea.

Foreign Corn,

XX. And be it further enacted, That foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour of any Sort, which shall be imported, &c. imported and which shall not have been warehoused as aforesaid, or which shall have been warehoused, and after-li00^0^11- warc's delivered out to be used orconfumed in this Kingdom, or Malt, Meal, or Flour made of such foreign v°ed%ro°m Corn, shall not afterwards be exported from any Port at such Time as British) Corn of the same Sort, or any Warehouses for of the Articles aforesaid, are not allowed to be exported from the same Port.

Home Confu motion, not to be exported from any Fort when British Corn is not permitted to be exported therefrom.

No Corn, &c.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That any Sort of Corn, Meal, or Flour, either Foreign or British, or any

to be carried Malt made of such Corn, shall not be permitted to be carried Coastwise, or otherwise conveyed, from any For t Coastwise, from in Great Britain, where the Exportation thereof according to the Regulations of this Act, is not allowed at a"y £ort whc.re the Time that the said Corn, Malt, Meal, or Flour, was actually shipped, and be landed or unshipped is not afioweda" at any ot^er Port Great Britain from whence the same, according to the Regulations of this Act, may then the Time of be exported.

shipping, and landed at any Port from whence the same may be exported.

No Debenture

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Debenture shall be made out or granted for the Allowance of any to be made out Bounty on any Corn, Malt, Meal, Fleur, or Biscuit, entered or shipped for Exportation from any Port, for Bounty on during the Time that foreign Corn, Meal, Flour, or Biscuit, of the same Sort, shall be allowed to be im-XlrT^ it Ported into such Port at the low Duties.

may be imported at the low Duties,

Foreign Corn nor warrhonfed, or Meal, &c. made iheretrom, if exported contrary ro this Act, to be forfeited, with the Vessel, &c.

Corn, carried Coastwise, from any Port where the Exportation i? not allowed at the Time of Shipping, and landed at any Fort from whence the same may be exported, to be forfeited.

Bond to be given that Corn,

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if foreign Corn of any Sort which shall have been imported, and shall not have been warehoused as aforesaid, or Malt, Biscuit, Meal, or Flour made of such foreign Corn, shall afterwards be exported to Foreign Parts, or loaded or laid on Board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be so exported contrary to the Intentions of this Act, the same shall be forfeited, and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat on Board of which the same shall be so loaded or laid on Board, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs: And if any Sort of Corn, either British or Foreign, or Adah, Biscuit, Meal or Flour made thereof, shall be carried Coastwise, or otherwise conveyed from any Port in Great Britain, where the Exportation of such British) Corn, Malt, Biscuit, Meal, or Flour, according to the Regulations of this Act, is not allowed, at the Time that the said Com, Malt, Biscuit, Meal, or Flour, was actually shipped, and be landed at any other Port of Great Britain, from whence the same, according to the Regulations of this Act, may then be exported, such Corn, Malt, Biscuit, Meal, or Flour, shall be forfeited; and whenever any Corn, Malt, Biscuit, Meal, or Flour, shall be shipped, in order to be carried Coastwise within Great Britain, at any Port from whence the Exportation of the like Species of Corn, Malt, Biscuit, Meal, or Flour, shall not at that Time, according to the Regulations of this Act, be allowed, over and besides the Conditions in the Coast Bond now by Law required in such Case, the Bond shall be with farther Condition, that the said Corn, Malt, Biscuit, Meal, or Flour shall not be landed at any Port in Great Britain from whence the lame Sort of Corn, Malt, Biscuit, Meal, or Flour may then be exported.

&c, shipped to be carried Coastwise, at any Port from whence Exportation is not allowed, shall not be landed at any Port where it is.

ff Corn, Sec, brought Coastwise was shipt when the Exportation thereof was prohibited at the Port of Lading, it may be landed at any Port where the Exportation is allowed.

VeflVls with foreign Corn, Sec, arriving at Port! where the high Duties are payable, or where Impor-

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any British or Foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, or any Malt made of such Corn, brought Coastwise, from being landed, or unshipped for landing, in any Port of Great Britain, where, at the Time of such Vessel> arriving, the Exportation of such Corn, Malt, Meal, or Flour, according to the Regulations of this Act, shall be allowed, if it shall appear by the Coast Cocquet that the Exportation of such Sort of Corn, Malt, Meal, or Flour, was prohibited at such Port at the Time that the said Corn, Adalt, Meal, or Flour, was actually shipped on board such Vessel, though the Price thereof may have fallen at such Port, so that the Exportation of such Sort of Corn, Male, Meal, or Flour, from that Port may then be allowed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel shall arrive from foreign Parts at any Port in Great Britain, with any Corn, Meal, or Flour as aforesaid, at a Time when, according to the Regulations of this Act, the high Duties shall be due and payable for such Com, Adeal, or Flour, or the same shall not by Law be allowed to be imported, the said Ship or Vessel shall and may lawfully depart from such Port without Molestation or Hindrance, with such Corn, Meal, or Flour, and may carry the same to any other Port

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 30. ,165

Great Britain at which the same may be imported on the Low Duties, and there enter, land, and tion St prohibit-deliver the Line, subject to the before-mentioned Directions, Regulations, and Conditions of this Act. ea, may depart

to Porte where the same may be imported on the low Duties.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That foreign Corn, Meal, and Flour, laden in any Part beyond the Seas, may, at any Time from and after the said fifteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, be brought directly from thence to Grangemouth, in the County of Stirling, within the Precinct of the Port of Borrowstoness, or to Greenock, in the County of Renfrew, in the River Clyde, or to any other Port or Creek in the said River Clyde, above Greenock, within the Precinct of the Port of Port Glasgow yXn order to be conveyed from thence reflectively, in Lighters, by or through the Canal called The Forth and Clyde Canal Navigation, to any Port or Creek at which foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour may then be imported according to the Regulations of this Act; such Conveyance to be made under the Restrictions and according to the Regulations herein provided.

From Not. 15, 1791, foreign Com, tec. may be brought dirtily to the Placet herein mentioned, to be conveyed through the Forth and Clyde Canal. '

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel, from Parts beyond the Seas, shall arrive at Grangemouth, in the County of Stirling, within the Precinct of the Port of Borrozu/loness, laden with foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, herein-before allowed to be imported, destined for the West Coast of Scotland, and that the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee thereof, or his Agent, shall be desirous to convey such Corn, Meal, or Flour, in Lighters, by or through the before-mentioned Canal, to any Port or Creek at the West End of the said Canal, or on the West Coast of Scotland, at which such Corn, Meal, or Flour, may then be imported on Payment of the Duties called The Low Duties, according to the Regulations of this Act it shall be lawful to unship such Corn, Meal, or Flour, into a Lighter or Lighters, and therein to convey the same, by or through the said Canal, to such Port or Creek as aforesaid, subject to the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) The Master of every such Ship or Vessel shall make a just and true Entry, upon Oath, before the Collator and Comptroller of the Customs of the Port where his Shin or Vessel shall have so arrived, of his Ship, Voyage, Lading, and other Particulars, in like Manner as such Master is by Law required to do on the Arrival of his Ship or Vessel at the Port of her Discharge, and shall, in such Entry or Report, set forth, that the Corn, Meal, or Flour on Board the said Vessel, or Part thereof, (speccifying what Part,) is intended to be unshipped into a Lighter or Lighters, for the Purpose of being conveyed by or through the said Canal, to the Port or Creek to be mentioned in the said Report, (being a Port or Creek at which, at the Time of making, such Report, such Corn, Meal, or Flour, may be imported on Payment of the low Duties,) and the said Master of the said Ship or Vessel shall also, at the Time of making such Entry or Report, deliver to the said Collector and Comptroller the Manifest of his Cargo; and the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee, of such Corn, Meal, or Flour, or his Agent, shall then make Entry with the said Collector and Comptroller of the Quantity of each Sort of Corn, Meal, or Flour, contained in the said Report, which he intends to unship out ofc the said Ship or Vessel, into a Lighter or Lighters, in order to be therein conveyed, by or through the said Canal, to such Port or Creek as aforesaid, mentioning what Port or Creek; and thereupon the said Collector and Comptroller shall grant a Warrant, under their Hands, for unshipping the Quantity of each Sort of Corn, Meal, or Flour, so entered, into a Lighter or Lighters, in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs; and such Officer or Officers shall take an exact Account of the Quantity of each Sort of Corn, Meal, or Flour, by him or them allowed to be unshipped, by virtue of such Warrant, into each respective Lighter, and shall certify the same to the said Collector and Comptroller; and before any such Lighter, laden with any such Corn, Meal, or Flour, shall be removed from the Place where the same was so laden, the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee thereof, or his Agent, shall give good Security, by Bond, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, (which Bond the said Collector and Comptroller are hereby authorised and required to take,) in a Sum equal to double the highest Duties payable on the Quantity of Corn, Meal, or Flour, and to forty Shillings for every Boll of the Quantity, of Oat-mtal, laden therein, with Condition that the same, and every Part thereof, shall be conveyed in such Lighter to, and landed at, the Port or Creek for which the same was reported and entered as aforesaid, and that the same, or any Part thereof, shall not be landed at any other Place; and with further Condition, to bring, within two Months from the Date of the Bond, to the said Officers by whom the same was taken, a Certificate from the Collector and Comptroller of the Port or Creek for which the said Corn, Meal, or Flour, was reported and entered, certifying that the same was there discharged and laid on Land, and that the Duties payable for the same were duly paid (such Bond to be taken without any Fee, Reward, or Sum of Money being demanded or received by any Person or Persons for or on Account thereof, and to be exempt from the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper); and upon such Bond being so given, the said Collector and Comptroller shall grant a Certificate of the Quantity of each Sort of Corn, Meal, or Flour, laden in such respective Lighter, to accompany the same to the Port or Creek to which the said Corn, Meal, or Flour, is to be convey; 1 as aforesaid; such Certificate to set forth in what Ship or Vessel, and from whence the same was imported, the Date of the Matter's Report, and the Date of the Entry made by the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee thereof, or his Agent, and chat such Corn, Meal, or Flour, was allowed to be unshipped into such Lighter (mentioning the Name thereof, and of the Matter of the same) in order to be therein conveyed by or through the said Canal to such Port or Creek as aforesaid (mentioning the Name thereof), and that Security has been given for the due landing thereof at that Port or Creek; and the said Collector and Comptroller shall transmit a Copy, duly authenticated, of the Report made by the Master of the said Ship or Vessel, and the Manifest by him produced as herein before required, to the Collector and Comptroller of the Port or Creek to which thz said Corn, Meal, or Hour, is 31 Geo. III. P to

Foreign Corn, tec. trriving at Grangemouth, may be conveyed through the Forth and Clyde Canal to any Port at the West End thereof, or on the West Coast of Scotland, where the same may be im-p rted on the low Duties, under the Regulations herein speciticd.

c»

jO C. 30. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

Foreign Cornr &c. arriving at Greenock, may be conve>ed through the Forth and Clyde Canal to the Daft Coast: of Scotland, on the same Conditions as ro the West Coast.

If the required Security be not given wi hin three Days after onshipping foreign Corn to be conveyed through the said Canal, the same to be forfeited, Ac,

Foreign Com conveyed by the said Canal out of one Distiidf, into another where the same is not allowed to be impot'ied on the low Duties, to be forfeited, &c.

to be conveyed, who thereupon, and upon Production and Delivery of the Certificate hereby required to be granted to accompany the said Corn, Meal, or Flour to the said Port or Creek, shall and may admit the same to Entry on Payment of the Duties called The Low Duties, in like Manner as if the said Corn, Meal, or Flour respectively, had been imported at such Port or Creek from Parts beyond the Seas, at the Date of the Report aforesaid; and the Collector and Comptroller of the said Port or Creek shall thereupon grant a Warrant, under their Hands, for the landing of such Corn, Meal, or Flour, in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs \ and such Officer or Officers shall take an exact Account thereof, to the End it may appear whether the whole Quantity of Corn, Meal, or Flour, taken on Board such respective Lighter has been conveyed to and landed at that Port or Creek, according to the Condition of the Bond: Provided always, That such Corn, Meal, or Flour, shall not be unshipped, or allowed to be unshipped, out of any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, into a Lighter or Lighters, for the Purpose of being conveyed by or through the said Canal, unless the same shall be unshipped into such Lighter or Lighters, according to trie Regulations herein contained, within six Days from the arrival of the said Ship or Vessel in the Port where the same is hereby allowed to be so unshipped for the said Purpose, or unless the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland, or any three of them, shall fee Cause to allow a longer Time; and the Security hereby required to be given for Corn, Meal, or Flour, so unshipped into any Lighter or Lighters, shall be given within six Days after the unshipping thereof as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel, from Parts beyond the Seas, shall arrive at Grsoiock in the River Clyde, or at any Port or Creek in the said River above Greenock, within the Precinil of the Port of Port Glasgow, laden with foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, destined for the East Coast of Scotland; and that the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee thereof, or his Agent, shall be deiirous to convey such Corn, Meal, or Flour in Lighters, by or through the Canal aforesaid, to any Port or Creek at the East End of the said Canal, or on the East Coast of Scotland, at which such Corn, Meal, or Flour, may then be imported on Payment of the Duties called The Loiv Duties, according to the Regulations of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to unship such Corn, Meal, or Flour, into a Lighter or Lighters, and therein to convey the same, by or through the said Canal, to such Port or Creek as aforesaid, subject nevertheless to the like Conditions, Regulations, Securities, and Restrictions, in all Respects, as Corn, Meal, or Flour, vvmch shall be unshipped at Grangemouth, in the County of Stirling, to be conveyed by the said Canal in Lighters to any such Port or Creek as aforesaid, at the West End of the said Canal, or on the West Coast of Scotland, is by this-Ad made subject to.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all such foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, which shall be unshipped into any Lighter or Vessel, to be conveyed by or through the said Canal, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, and for which the Security in that Case required by this Act shall not be given within three Days after the unshipping thereof, shall be forfeited; and if any such Corn, Meal, or Flour, which shall be unshipped into any Lighter or Vessel, to be conveyed by the said Canal, pursuant to this Act, shall be removed in such Lighter or Vessel from the Place where the same wasfo unshipped, before such Security shall be given as herein is required, of shall be landed, or unshipped to be landed, out of such Lighter or Vessel, at any Place other than the Port or Creek for which the same shall be reported and entered as aforesaid, or without a Warrant from the Collector and Comptroller of the Port or Creek where the same shall be so landed or unshipped, or without the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs; all such Corn, Meal, or Flour, so removed, and all such Corn, Meal, or Flour, so landed or unshipped, together with all the rest of the Corn, Meal, or Flour, which shall remain on Board such Lighter or Vessel, shall be forfeited, and every such Lighter or Vessel, with all her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall also be forfeited j and every Person or Persons who shall be aiding or assisting, or otherwise concerned in the Removal of such Corn, Meal, or Flour, or in the unshipping thereof, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or who shall knowingly receive the same after the unshipping thereof, shall forfeit treble the Value thereof.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Sort of foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, shall be carried or conveyed by the said Canal, or shall be shipped or put on Board with Intent to be so carried or conveyed, out of one District into another, such other being a District: into which foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour of that Sort is not then allowed to be imported on Payment of the low Duties, all such Corn, Meal, or Flour, with the Lighter, Boat, or Vessel in which the same shall be so carried or conveyed, or shipped, or put on.Board, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Clause, and all her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be forfeited.

The Maritime Counties of England to be divided into the Diflri&s heiein specified (including the Cities, &c. which are Counties of ?hemselves)j

XXXI. And, for better ascertaining the Prices of Com and Oat-meal for the Purposes before mentioned, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Maritime Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England shall be divided into Di ft rids in the following Manner; (that is to say,) The City of London, and the Counties of Essex, Kent, and Sujp shall be the first District; the Counties of Suffolk

and Cambridge, shall be the I'econd District:; the County of shall be the third District; the County of Lincoln, and the East and North Ridings of the County of York, together with the Town and County of Kingston upon Hull, shall be the fourth Diitrid; the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be the fifth District; the Counties of Cumberland and Westmoreland, shall be the

sixth District; the Counties of Luncaster and Chester, shall be the seventh District; the Counties of Flint, Denbigh, Anglesea, Carnarvon, and Merioneth, shall be the eighth District; the Counties of Cardigan, Pembroke, Carmarthen, and Glamorgan, shall be the ninth District; the Counties of Gloucester, Somerset, and Monmouth, and the City and County of the City of shall be the tenth District; the Counties of

Devon and Cornwall, shall be the eleventh District; and the Counties of Dorset and Hants, shall be the twelfth District: And that in the several Counties forming the Districts herein-before mentioned shall, for the Purposes

107

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 30.

of this Act, be included and considered as Part thereof, all such Cities, Towns, or Places, locally situated within the said several Counties, as are Counties of themselves, or as have or enjoy an exempt Jurisdiction, and which do not contribute to the Rate of the County, Riding, or Division in which they are situated.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, for the like Purposes, the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall also be divided into Districts, in the following Manner; (that is to say,) The Counties of Fife, Kirtrofs, Clackmannan, Stirling, Linlithgow, Edinburgh, Haddington, Berwick, Roxburgh, Selkirk, and Peebles, shall be the thirteenth District; the Counties of Dumfries, Wigton, and Ayr, and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, shall be the fourteenth District; the Counties of Argyle, Dumbarton, Lanerk, Renfrew, and Bute, shall be the fifteenth District; the Counties of Orkney and Shetland, Caithness, Sutherland, Ross, Inverness, Cromarty, Nairn, Elgin, Banff, Aberdeen, Kincardine, Forfar, and Perth, shall be the sixteenth District.

XXSIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Ports and Places in the Counties of Ross and Inverness, as are situated on the Wed Coad of Scotland, including the Ides comprehended in those Counties, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to be within the fifteenth District, and not within the sixteenth District, in which the said Counties of Ross and Inverness are herein before comprised.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Exportation and Importation of the several Sorts of Corn, and of the other Articles herein-before mentioned, and the Payment of the Duties on foreign Corn, Meal, and Flour, imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn and other Articles exported, shall be regulated in the Port of London, and in the several rorts of Kent, Essex, and Sussex, composing the fird of the Districts before mentioned, by the Prices taken of the several Sorts of Corn and of Oat-meal at the Corn Exchange in Mark-lane, in the City of London, in Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) The several Proprietors of the said Corn Exchange, who are intruded with the Management and Direction thereof, or the major Part of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, within one Week after the Fead of Saint John the Baptist, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to meet, and, under their Hands and Seals, nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person (not being aCorn Factor, Merchant, Clerk, Agent, or other Person buying Corn for Sale, or for the Sale of Malt, Meal, or Flour made thereof) to be inspector of Corn Returns, and so from Time to Time, within twenty-eight Days after the Death, Removal, or Resignation of any such Inspector, to nominate and appoint feme other fit and proper Person as aforesaid, to be Inspector of Corn Returns; and every such Inspector shall, and he is hereby required, within one Week after he has received his Appointment, to deliver the same to the Lord Mayor or one of the Aldermen of the said City, and then enter into a Bond to the Lord Mayor of the City of London, with two sufficient Sureties, to be approved by the Lord Mayor or by the said Alderman, in the Sum of two hundred Pounds, for the faithful accounting for, and Payment of, all Monies that shall come to his Hands by virtue of this Act; and he shall at the same Time take the following Oath, which Oath the said Lord Mayor, or one of the said Aldermen, is hereby authorised and impowered to administer;

I A.B. do swear. That I will at all Times make due and true Returns to the Receiver of Corn 44 X Returns appointed by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Here set forth the Title^ of the Act,] and in all Things, to the belt of my Skill and Judge- ment, conform myself, as Inspector of Corn Returns, to the Directions of the said Act."

And the said Appointment, and also a Certificate of his having taken such Oath, shall be delivered by the Lord Mayor or the said Aldermen, at the next Sessions of the Peace for the said City, and shall be then and there inroiled; and the said Proprietors, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby required forthwith to provide, out of the Monies arising from the Estate belonging to them as Proprietors of the Corn Exchange, a proper and convenient Office, either within the Com Exchange, or as near thereunto as may be, for the Use and Accommodation of the said Inspector of Corn Returns, wherein all Books, Papers, and Returns belonging to such Inspector shall be deposited, and over which shall be written in legible Characters, Office of Irishctior of Corn Returns.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Proprietors, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect, within the respective Times herein-before mentioned, to nominate and appoint a iit and proper Person to be Inspector of Corn Returns, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, and they are hereby required, at the Sessions of the Peace that shall next immediately be held after such Neglect or Refusal as aforesaid, or at an Adjournment of the same to be held within one Week thereafter for that Purpose, or at some subsequent Sessions, to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person (not being a Miller, Maltster, Corn Factor, Merchant, Clerk, Agent, or other Person buying Corn for Sale, or for the Sale of Meal, Flour, or Malt made thereof) to be Inspector of Corn Returns, which Appointment shall be then and there inroiled; and the Person so appointed shall then take the Oath before directed, and a Certificate of his having taken such Oath shall then and there be inroiled; and he shall, within three Da) rs at lead after such Appointment, give Bond in the Manner and Form before required.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person, who shall have been appointed as aforesaid to the said Office of Inspector of Corn Returns, shall be removeable therefrom, except on Complaint of Misbehaviour ci Neglect of Duty in his Office, made at the Sessions of the Peace holden for the (kid City, and then and

P 2 there

as also the Counties of Scotland#

The Ports In the Counties of Ross and Inverness, and the Isles thereof, to be deerc ed within the 15th District#

The Exports* tion, &c. of Com to be regulated in Un-don. and Kent, EflTex and Sussex, by the Prices at the Corn Exchange 5 the Proprietors whereof are, wirhin a Week after June 24, 1791, to appoint an Inspector of Corn Returns. Inspector to give Bond, and take the following

Oath,

which, with the Appointment, it to be inroiled.

An Office to be provided for the Inspector.

In case of Neglect of the Proprietors of the Co n Exchange, the Lord Mayor and Aldermen to appoint an Inspector,

No Inspector removeable, but by the Lord Mjj or,&c#

io8 C. 30. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

In case of Sick-jitfs. a Deputy Inspect >r may be appointed.

Corn Factors to make the following

there heard and adjudged; in which Case it shall and maybe lawful for the Lord Mayor and Aldermen, if they shall see good Cause for the same, to remove such Person from his Office; and they shall thereupon signify such Removal to the Secretary of the Corn Exchange for the Time being, or to some one of the Proprietors of the same as aforesaid, who shall forthwith proceed to nominate and appoint a new Inspector in Manner hereinbefore directed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Inspector of Corn Returns shall be disabled by Sickness, for the Space of one Week, to execute the Duties of his Office, and the same shall be signified to the* Secretary of the Corn Exchange, or any one of the Proprietors thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Proprietors, or the major Part of them, and in case of their Neglect or Refusa 1, for the Lord Mayor of the said City, and he or they is and are hereby required in like Manner to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person (not being a Miller, Maltster, Corn Factor, Merchant, Clerk, Agent, or other Person buying Corn for Sale, or for the Sale of Meal, Flour, or'Malt made thereof) to be Deputy, and to execute the Office of Inspector, during the Disability of such Inspector by Sickness, and no longer; which Appointment shall in like Manner be inrolled, and the Deputy lb appointed shall in like Manner enter into a Pond and take the Oath, and a Certificate of his having so taken the Oath shall in like Manner be inrolled, as is herein-before directed with regard to the Inspector of Corn Returns.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Corn Fador carrying on his Trade or Business in the City of London, or in the Suburbs thereof, shall, within one Calendar Month after the Feast of Saint John the Baptist, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, or after that Time, within one Calendar Month from the Time he shall begin to deal in the Sale of Corn or of Oat-meal, make Declaration in the Form following y (that is to say,)

Declaration, J B. do hereby declare, That the Returns of the Quantities and Prices of British Corn and Oat-meal*

a which henceforward shall be by or for me fold and delivered, shall, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, contain the whole Quantity, and no more, of the Corn and Oat-meal bona fide fold and delivered by 4C or for me, within the Period to which they shall refer, with the Prices of such Corn and Oat-meal, and gi the Names of the Buyers respectively, and, to the best of my Judgement, conformable to the Directions tc of an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Here Jet u forth the Title of the

cn Penalty of 50 1.

Tattors to make weekly Returns

to the Inspector of the Quantities of Corn, &c. &ld, &c. on Penalty 0/ 10l.

which Return* are to be enttred ky the Inspector, h«t not fhcwo without proper Authorry, on like Penalty,

Inspector to make up weekly Accounts of the Average Quantity and Price of each Sort of Brit irti Corn, &c, fold in London, and to transmit the Average Prices every Friday to the Receiver of Corn Returns, who is to trans-n»it a Certificate thereof to the Collectors of the Customs at Lon-d hi, and the Purtb in Etiox, Kent, and SuU

Which Declaration shall be in Writing, and shall be subscribed with the Hand of such Corn Fador, and shall be by him or his Agent forthwith delivered to the Lord Mayor of the City of London, for the Time being* who is hereby required to grant a Certificate thereof to be registered by the Inspector of Corn Returns; and in case any Person shall carry on the Trade or Business of a Corn Fador, without making the said Declaration agreeably to the Directions of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Corn Factor shall, and he is hereby required to return, or cause to be returned, on the Wednesday in each and every Week, to the said Inspector of Corn Returns, an Account in Writing, signed with his own Name, or the Name of his known Agent, of the Quantities of each respective Sort of Corn and Oat-meal so by him fold and delivered during the Week* with the Prices thereof according to the respective Measures in Table D, the Amount of every Parcel, with the total Quantity and Value of each Sort of Com, and of the Oat-meal, and by what Measure or Weight the same was fold, with the Names of the Buyers thereof; in Default whereof, every such Corn Factor (halx*, for every such Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Inspector of Corn Returns shall duly and regularly enter in a Book or Books, to be provided and kept for th it Purpose, the several Accounts of the Quantities and Prices of Corn and Oat-meul received by him from the respective Corn Factors* and the same shall not be made jutblick, or shewn by the said Inspector, or with his Privity or Content, to any Person whatsoever, unlets the same shall be called for or required by the Receiver of Corn Returns appointed in pursuance of this Act* or shall be required by any Order in Writing under the Hand of the Lord Mayor, or any two of the Aldermen of the said City, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of the Sum of ten Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Inspector of Corn Returns shall, and he is hereby required* every Week, to makeup, compute, and distinguish, from the Returns by him received pursuant to the DU redions of this Act, in that Week, the general aggregate Quantity, according to the respective Measures in Table D, and Price of each respective Sort of British Corn and Oat-meal that shall appear to have been fold and delivered in and during such Week, in the City of London and Suburbs thereof; an Account of which Returns, and the said general aggregate Quantities and Prices, he is hereby requited to enter in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and thereupon to make up and compute the average Prices of each respective Sort of Com and of Oat-meal fold and delivered during such Week; and he is hereby directed, oil the Frulayxn every Week, to transmit a Copy of the Account of the said average Prices to the Receiver of Corn Returns herein after directed to be appointed, who is hereby required to enter the same in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and forthwith to transmit a Certificate of such average Prices of each re-

Cuf-

within

by required to receive and enter the same in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and to cause a Copy* thereof to be hung up in some public Place in the Custom House thereto belonging, to which all Persons may resort 3 and the Exportation of each Sort of British Corn, and of the other Articles herein-before mentioned*

and

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 3o.

and the Payment of the Bounty thereon, within the Y%rt of the said City of London, and the Ports in the Counties of Kent, Essex, and Suffix, shall be governed and regulated by such average Prices, in the Manner herein-before directed, until new average Prices shall in like Manner be made up and computed, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to such Collectors or other Chief Officers respectively, and by them received.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Inspector of Corn Returns shall, and he is hereby required, within seven Days after the fifteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and within seven Days after the fifteenth Day of February, the fifteenth Day of May, the fifteenth Day of August, and the fifteenth Day of November, in each and every succeeding Year, to make up, compute, and distinguish, from and upon the fix last weekly Returns by him received pursuant to the Directions of this Act, immediately preceding such respective Periods, an Account of the general aggregate Quantity, according to the reipecuve Measures in Table D, and Price of each respective Sort of British Corn, Oats excepted, and of Oat-meal, that shall appear to have been fold and delivered in and during such six Weeks in the said City of London and Suburbs thereof, and in like Manner an Account of the general aggregate Quantity and Price of all British Oats that shall appear by the last twelve weekly Returns preceding such Period, to have been fold and delivered within the said City and Suburbs thereof; an Account of which Returns, and the said general aggregate Quantities and Prices, he is hereby required to enter in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and thereupon to make up and compute the average Price of each respective Sort of Corn and of Oat-meal fold and delivered, during the several Periods before mentioned, in the said City and Suburbs thereof; and the said Inspector is hereby directed, without Delay, to transmit a Copy of the Account of such average Prices to the Receiver of Corn Returns herein after directed to be appointed, who is hereby required to enter the same in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and forthwith to transmit a Certificate of such average Prices, signed by him, to his Majesty's Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs for the Port of London, and to the several Collectors or other Chief Officers of the Ports or Places within the Counties of Ejpx? Kent, and Suffix; and the said respective Collectors, and ether Chief Officers, are hereby required to receive and enter the same in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and to cause a Copy thereof to be hung up in some publick Place in the Custom House thereto belonging, to which all Persons may resort; and the Importation of each Sort of foreign Corn, and of the other Articles herein-before mentioned, and the Payment of the Duty thereon, within the Port of the said City of London, and the Ports in the Counties of Kent, Ejjix, and Suffix, shall be governed and regulated by such average Prices, in the Manner herein-before directed, until new average Prices shall, in Tike Manner, be made up and computed, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to such Collectors or other Ciiief Officer^, respectively, and by them received.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Inspector of Corn Returns shall, and he is hereby required* without Delay, to deliver to the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, at their Sessions of the Peace then next to be holden, a Copy of the Account of the several average Pi ices so made up and computed, and verify the same upon Oath; and the Lord Mayor and Aldermen shall, and they are hereby required to cause the same to be published in the London Gazette once in each of the four Weeks immediately succeeding such Session, the Expences of which Publication shall be paid out of the Monies in the Hands of the said Inspector of Corn Returns by virtue of this Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all British Corn that shall be brought into the River 7l?ama, cast-ward of London Bridge, nr.d shall be fold and delivered, shall be charged with the Sum of one Penny per Last, or ten Quarters; and f iat all foreign Corn, when delivered out of any Ship or Vessel in the Port of London, shall be charged with a Sum of two Pence per Last, or ten Quarters, hefidts the Duties before mentioned; arxl that it shall be lawful for the Inspector of Coin Returns to demand, collect, and receive the same, from every Corn Factor, or Importer of Corn, respectively, on whose Account such British or foreign Corn shall be fold and delivered, or shall be delivered out of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall luive been imported, as the Case maybe, and tint the Corn Factor, or Importer, shall deliver a full and ;rue Account of the Quantity of the said Corn, to the Corn Inspector, within one Week after the Sale and Delivery thereof, or the Delivery thereof from the Ship or Vessel, with the Name of the Muller or Commander of such Ship or Vessel.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That an Account of the Monies so received by the said Inspector of Corn Returns, or the Deputy then executing the said Office during any such Disability by Sickness as aforesaid, twice in every Year; (that is to say,) At the Quarter Sessions holden for the City of London next after Christmas and Alinjtimmer, shall be dated and delivered by him to the Lord Mayor and Aldermen then and there assembled; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen, and they are hereby authorised and required, under their Hands and Seals, to impower the said Inspe&or of Corn Returns, out of the said Sum and Sums so received, to retain and apply to his own Use and Benefit any Sum not exceeding the Rate of two hundred Pounds per Annum, nor lets than one hundred Pounds per Annum, from which said Sum shall always be hriHktlu&eti such Sum as shall by the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen be clirc&ed and ordered (which Order and Direction they are hereby impowered to make) to be paid to or retained by any Deputy or Deputies then executing, or who hadi or have executed, the said Office during any such Disability by Sickness as aforesaid, and such Part of the Residue or Overplus of the Monies so collected and received shall be paid over, without Delay, to such of the Proprietors of the said Estate of the Corn Exchange as manage and regulate the lame as aforesaid, to the U(e and Benefit of the said Estate, as shall be 1 efficient to repay thereunto all such Monies as may have been therefrom iffiicd or expended in providing, completing, and keeping in ^Repair^such Apartment or.Office; and the Remainder thereof, if any, shall be paid to the

Receiver

IC9

iex, as the Guide for Eaporu.Ln, Sc c.

Ir.fiedlor also to make up, at the Periods herein specified, like Account*, and to transmit the average Price* for the Periods Herein mentioiw cd to the Receiver of Corn Returns, who is to transmit a Certificate there- ' of to the Collec* ton. of the Cuf^ torn* in London Ac, as the Rule* for Importation* *c.

Inspector to deliver a Copy of the average Prices at the S'JIioos, to be infened in the G&zttte.

Faftnr* to pay to the Inspector, for British Cora brought into the Thames e^ft ward of London Bridge, and fold, t d. per Lust, and for foreign Corn,

2 d.; and to deliver to him an Account of the Quantity, Ac,

Inspector to deliver, twice in the Year, to the Lord Mayor, Ax.

an Account of the Money so received by h'm, which is to be disposed of as herein directed*

HO

X^rd Mayor, &c, may order the berore mentioned Impofiiit n of r d. and 2 d. f er to be

levied by Distress.

Exportation of Corn. &c. for ti e eleven other District?iin England to be regulated by the Prices in the Places herein mentioned,)

for each of

which (except Counties of themselves) the Justices >n Session arr to appoint Inspec-for of Corn Returns;

and for such as are Counties of themselves, the Mayor, &c. to appoint such In* spes.orj*

C. 3O0 Anno tricesimo primo Georg it III. A.D. 1791.

Receiver General of his Majesty's Customs; and, after such Payment made, the said Inspector of Corn Returns, or any Deputy executing such Office as aforesaid, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Successors, shall be for ever discharged and exonerated.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen, at any Sessions holden in the Months of April, July, October, and January, yearly, for the said City, to inquire into and examine the said Inspector of Corn Returns, or the Deputy then executing the said Office as aforesaid, and he is hereby required to declare and make known whether any of the said Corn Fadors or Importers as aforew said have neglected or refused to pay and discharge (the same having been demanded) any Sum or Sums of Money from him due and owing on Account of the said Penny charged on British Corn, or two Pence on foreign Corn per Last, by him so fold and delivered, or so imported, as the Case may be; and in case the same shall upon due Proof and Hearing appear, to the Satisfaction of the Court, then it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor, or any two Aldermen, by Warrant of Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so neglecting or refusing, to cause to be levied such Sum of Money as shall be thereupon due and owing, and, after rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Party whose Goods shall be so distrained and fold (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted), the Money so levied shall be paid over to the said Inspector of Corn Returns, or his Deputy then executing the said Office, to be accounted for as herein directed and required.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Exportation and Importation of Corn, and of the other Articles herein-before mentioned, and the Payment of the Duty on foreign Corn, Meal, and Flour imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn and the other Articles herein-before mentioned exported in the eleven other Districts of that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be governed and regulated in each District by the Prices of each Sort of Corn and Oat-meal taken in the Manner herein after mentioned, in the several Cities and Towns herein after named; (that is to say,) In the second of the said Districts, from the Prices taken in the following Cities and Towns; Ipswich, Woodbridge, Sudbury, Hadleigh, Stowmarket, Bury Saint Edmonds, Beccles, Bungay, Lowcjloft, Cambridge, Ely, and Wisbeach: In the third of the said Districts, from the Prices taken in the following Cities and Towns; Norwich, Yarmouth, Lynn, Thet ford, TVatton, Wymondham, East Dereham, Harleston, Holt, Aylesham, Fakenham, and Wilfingham: la the fourth of the said Districts, from the Prices taken in the following Cities and Town; Lincoln, Gain/-borough, Glarnfordbridge, Lqwth, Boston, Sleaford, Stamford, Spalding, York, Bridlington, Beverley, Howdens Hull, Whitby, and 1 Vew Malton: In the filth of the said Districts, from the Prices taken in the following

Cities and ft'owns; Durham, Stockton, Darlington, Sunderland, Barnard Castle, Wolfingham, Be ford, Hexham, Newcastle upon Tyne, Morpeth, Alnwick, and Berwick upon Tweed: In the sixth of the said

Districts, from the Prices taken in the following Cities and Towns; Carlisle, Whitehaven, Cockermouth, Penrith, Appleby, and Burton: In the seventh of the said Districts, from the Prices taken in the following Cities and Towns; Liverpool, Ulverstone, Lancaster, Pnylon, Ormskirk, Warrington, Manchester, Bolton, Chester, Nantwich, Macclesfield, and Stockport: In the eighth of the said Districts, from the Prices taken in the following Cities and Towns; Holywell, Mold, Denbigh, Wrexham, Tymawr, Llangollen, Beaumaris, Llanncrchymed, Amlwh, Carnarvon, Pwhelli, Conway, Bala, Corwen, and Dolgelly: In the ninth of the said Districts, from the Prices taken in the following Cities and Towns; Cardigan, Lampeter, Aberyfi-with, Pembroke, Ftfguard, Haverfordwest, Carmarthen, Llandilo, Kedwilly, Swansea, Neath, and Cowbridge: In the tenth of the said Districts, from the Prices taken in the following Cities and Towns; Gloucester, Cirencester, Tctbury, Stow on the Wold, Tewksbury, Taunton, JVells, Bridgewater, Frome, Wellington, Monmouth, Abergavenny, Chepstow, Pontypool, and Bristol: In the eleventh of the said Districts, from the Prices taken in the following Cities and Towns; Exeter, Barnstaple, Plymouth, TotnrfsfTaviJlock, King/bridge, Truro, Bodmin, Laun-ccflon, Redruth, Helfione, and Saint Aujlcll: And in the twelfth of the said Districts, from the Prices taken in the following Cities and Towns; Bland ford, Bridport, Dor chester, Sherborne, Lyme Regis, Wareham, Winchester, Andover, Basingstoke, Farcham, Gqsport, Newport, Ring wood, Southampton, and Portsmouth.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for the several and respective maritime Counties, and for the Ridings or Divisions thereof, at their General Quarter Sessions to be held after the Fcaft of Saint John the Baptist, one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, or at any Adjournment thereof, or at feme subsequent Sessions, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to appoint such Person as to them shall appear belt qualified for that Purpose within their respective Jurisdictions, (not being a Miller, Maltster, Fador, Merchant, Clerk, Agent, or other Person buying Corn for Sale, or for the Sale of Mdal, Flour, Malt, or Bread made thereof,) residing within or near each and every of the Cities or Towns so nominated as aforesaid, except such Cities or ft'owns as are Counties of themselves, or as have or enjoy an exempt Jurisdic-didion, and which do not contribute to the Rate of the County, Riding, or Division in which they are situated, to collect weekly an Account of the Prices and Quantities of the several Sorts of Corn and of Oat-meal fold and delivered in such City or ft own; and the Person so to be appointed shall be called Inspector of Corn Returns for such City or Town; and the said Justices shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, irV the same Manner, from Time to Time, upon the Death, Removal, or Resignation of any such Inspector, at their next ensuing Sessions of the Peace, or at some subsequent Sessions, to appoint Come other fit and proper Person as aforesaid, to be Inspector of Corn Returns for such City or ft'own.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor, or other Chief Officer, and the Justices of the Peace, of every such City or Town herein-before nominated as is a County of itself, or has or enjoys an exempt Jurisdiction, and which doth not contribute to the Rate of the County, Riding, or Division, in which it is situated, at the General Quarter Sessions of such City or Town respectively to be held after the Feast of Saint John the Baptist one thoilfand seven hundred and ninety-one, or at any Adjournment thereof, or at foine subsequent Session, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, in like Manner to appoint such

A.D. 179*. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 30. xri

Person as to them shall appear bed qualified for that Purpose (not being a Miller, Maltster, Factor, Merchant, Clerk, Agent, or other Person buying Corn for bale, or for the Sale of Meal, Flour,

Malt, or Bread made thereof), residing within or near such City or Town, to collect weekly an Account of the Prices and Quantities of the several Sorts of Corn, and of Oat-meal, fold and delivered in such City or Town; and the Person so to be appointed shall be called Inspefior of Corn Returns for such City or Town; and the said Mayor or other Chief Officer and Justices shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, in the same Manner, from Time to Time, upon the Death, Removal, or Resignation of such Inspector, to appoint some other fit and proper Person as aforesaid, to be Inspector of Corn Returns for such City or Town,

L* And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the several maritime Counties herein-before mentioned, and the said Mayor or other Chief Magistrate, and Justices of the Peace, or every such City or Town before mentioned as is a County of itself, or has or enjoys an exempt Jurisdiction as aforesaid, shall, at their respective Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment thereof, have Power to remove any Inspector appointed as aforesaid, for Misbehaviour pr Neglect of Duty, on Complaint being made before them on Oath of such Misbehavour or Neglect of Duty, by any one credible Witness; which Oath such Justices and Mayor, or other Chief Officer, are and is hereby authorised to administer, or on like Complaint made in Writing, and signed by the said Receiver of Corn Returns directed herein after to be appointed: Provided always, That

in case the Death or Resignation of any such Inspector shall happen at any Time previous to the holding such Quarter Session, it shall be lawful for two Justices of the Peace acting for such County, Riding, or Division, or for the Mayor or other Chief Officer of such City or Town as is a County of itself, or has or enjoys an exempt Jurisdiction as aforesaid, to appoint some other fit and proper Person as aforesaid, in the Place of such Inspector lb dying or resigning; which Person shall execute the Office of inspector of Corn Returns until the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

LI. And be it further enacted, That every Person so appointed Inspector of Corn Returns as aforesaid shall, previous to his taking upon him the said Office, take and subscribe, before any one Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, or Town, where he shall reside, the following Oath (or, being of the People called Quakers^ affirm); which Oath (or Affirmation) such Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer \ videlicet:

Such Inspectdrs may be removed j and in case* of Death or Resignaiion, other Persons may be appointed to act' till the Quarter Sessions,

Inspectors to take the following

T A. 5, do swear, [$r affirm,] That I will at all Times make due and true Returns to the Receiver of Corn Oath*

A Returns appointed by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [HereJet forth the Title of the Act,] of the weekly Quantities and Prices of Corn and Oat-meal at the Market held at according to the Accounts delivered to

me by the several Dealers in Corn and Oat-meal at the said Market, and that I will use my best Endea- yours to procure true Accounts of such Quantities and Prices from such Dealers, and in all Things,

to the best of my Skill and Judgement, conform myself, as Inspector of Corn Returns, to the Directions of the said Act," .

LII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as Inspectors of Corn Returns shall have been appointed in Dealers In Corn Manner herein before mentioned, all Millers, Maltsters, Fadors, Merchants, Clerks, Agents, and other Per- for Sale 10 rc-fons being Dealers in Corn for Sale, or for the Sale of Meal, Flour, Malt, or Bread made thereof, shall, and to the In~

they are hereby required to return or cause to be returned, to the said Inspector of Corn Returns for the City countTof the or Town whereat they (hdi respectively buy any Corn or Oatmeal, an Account in Writing, signed with Quantities their own Name, of the Quantities of each respective Sort of Corn and of Oat-meal, so by them bought and bought by them received during any Week, on the first Market Day in the Week then next ensuing, with the Prices thereof, in each Weck> and fey what Measure or Weight the same was bought *, in Default whereof, every such Miller, Maltster,

Fador, Merchant, Clerk, Agent, or other Pejfon, being a Dealer in Corn as aforesaid, shall for every such Neglect forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

till- And be it further enacted, That every Miller, Maltster, Fador, Merchant, Clerk, Agent, or other and to make th* Person being a Dealer in Corn for Sale, or for the Sale of Meal, Flour, Malt, or Bread made thereof, shall, following within one Calendar Month after the Feast of Saint John the Baptist, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, or after that Time within one Calendar Month from the Time he shall begin to deal in Corn or Oat-meal, in any City or Town before mentioned, make Declaration in the Form following- that is to say:

I A.B. do hereby declare, That the Returns of the Quantities and Prices of British Corn and Oat- meal, Declaration!,

Jt which henceforward shall be by me bought and received, shall, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief,

be true and just, and, to the best of my Judgement, conformable to the Directions of an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [Heiefet forth the Title of the AB"]

Which Declaration shall be in Writing, and shall be subscribed with the Hand of such Miller, Maltster, Fac- which Is to be for. Merchant, Clerk, Agent, or other Person being a Dealer in Corn for Sale, or for the Sale of Meal, Flour, delivered to a Malt, or Bread made thereof, and shall be by them or their Agents respectively forthwith delivered to a Justice Justic*> be oif the Peace for the respective County, Riding, Division, City, or Town, within any of the above-described by frl?c Districts, who is hereby requited to certify the same to, and such Certificate is hereby required to be filed by, peace! ° 1 the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Division, or by the Town Cleric of such City or Town respect Penalty for aft* tively} and in case any Person shall buy Corn of any Sort or Oat-meal, for Sale as aforesaid, without having *ng wither

made makirg.-such

11 2

Declaration, or making false Returns.

Inspecter to enter the Accounts of the Quantities and Prices of Corn returned to him by the Dealers, and return to the Receiver of Corn Returns weekly, an Account of the Quantities and Prices of the Corn fold, f<c.

Receivcrof Corn Returns to make up Accounts of the aggregate Quantities and Prices of each Sort of British Corn and Oatmeal fold in each Difirifl weekly, and transmir the average Prices to the Collectors of the Customs at the several Ports therein, 23 the Guide for Exportation, cCC.

and also to make up like Accounts at the Tirres herein specified, and transmit the average Prices to the said Col-Jeflors as the Rule for Importation, &c.

Importation and Exportation of Corn, &c. to be regulated in Scotland by the Prices taken in the Manner herein prescrib-Cd.

C. 30. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

made the said Declaration, or Avail wilfully make a false Return of the Quantities and Prices, such Person shall for every such Neglect, and for every such false Return, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Inspector shall duly and regularly enter, in a Book or Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose, the several Accounts of the Quantities and Prices or Corn and Oat-meal, returned to him by the respective Dealers, which said Book or Books shall not be made publick or shewn by the said Inspector, or with his Privity or Consent, to any Person whatsoever, unless called for or required by the said Receiver of Corn Returns, or by an Order in Writing under the Hand of one Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, or Town, in which such inspector shall reside, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of the Sum of twenty Pounds: And every such Inspector shall return to the

Receiver of Corn Returns herein after appointed, on the Tuesday in each Week, an Account of the weekly Quantities and Prices of the several Sorts of Corn and of Oat-meal fold and delivered in the City or Town for which he is appointed Inspector, according to the Returns so made to him, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Neglect the Sum of ten Pounds; which Account shall be lodged with, and remain in the Custody of, the said Receiver of Corn Returns, for the Purposes of this Act\-

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver of Corn Returns shall, and he is hereby required, at the End of every Week, to make up, compute, and distinguish, from and upon the Returns by him received, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, in the Week immediately preceding, an Account of the general aggregate Quantities, according to the respective Measures in Table D, and Prices of each respective Sort of British Corn and Oatmeal that shall appear to have been fold and delivered in and during such Week, in each respective District, the Account of which Returns, and of the said aggregate Quantities and Prices, he is hereby required to enter in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and therefrom to make up and compute the average Price of each respective Sort of Corn and Oat-meal fold and delivered during such Week; and the said Receiver of Corn Returns is hereby directed, without Delay, to transmit to the Collectors, or other Chief Officers of the Customs for the Time being, of the several Ports or Places within each such District, a Certificate of the average Prices of each respective Sort of British Corn so made up and computed from the Returns of such District, and the said respective Collectors, and other Chief Officers are hereby required to receive and enter the same in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and to cause a Copy thereof to be hung up in some publick Place in the Custom-house thereto belonging, to which all Persons may re fort; and the Exportation of each Sort of British Corn, and other Articles as aforesaid, and the Payment of the Bounty thereon within that District, shall be governed and regulated by such average Prices, in Manner herein-before directed, until new average Prices shall in like Manner be made up and computed, and a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted to such Collectors or Chief Officers, and be by them received.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver of Corn Returns shall, and he is hereby required, within seven Days after the fifteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and within seven Days after the fifteenth Day of February, the fifteenth Day of May, the fifteenth Day of August, and the fifteenth Day of N>vember, in each and every succeeding Year, to make up, compute, and distinguish from and upon the fix last weekly Returns by him received, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, immediately preceding such respective Periods, an Account of the general aggregate Quantities according to the respective Measures in 'Fable D, and Prices of each respective Sort of British Corn and of Oat-meal that shall appear to| have been fold and delivered in and during such six Weeks in each respective District, an Account of which Returns, and the said aggregate Quantities and Price he is hereby required to enter in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and therefrom to make up and compute the average Prices of each respective Sort of Corn and of Oat-meal fold and delivered, during the several Periods before mentioned, within each respective District; and the said Receiver of Corn Returns is hereby directed, without Delay, to transmit to the Collectors or other Chief Officers of the Customs of the several Ports or Places in easti District, a Certificate of the average Prices of the several Sorts of Corn and of Oatmeal made up and computed from the Returns of such District:, and the said respective Collectors, and other Chief Officers, are hereby required to receive and enter the same in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and to cause a Copy thereof to be hung up in some publick Place in the Custom-house thereto belonging, to which all Persons may refoit; and the Importation of each Sort of foreign Corn, Meal, and Flour, and the Payment of the Duty thereon within that District, shall be governed and regulated by such average Prices in the Manner herein-before directed, until new average Prices dull, in like Manner, be made of and computed, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to such Collectors, or other Chief Officers, and be by them received.

EVIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Importation of foreign Corn, Meal, and Flour, and the Payment, of the Duties thereon, and the Exportation of British Corn, and of the other Articles herein-before mentioned, and the Payment of the Bounty thereon, shall be governed and regulated in each of the Districts in that Dart of Great Britain called Scotimd, by the Prices of each Sort of Corn or Oat-meal, taken in the Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to lay,) The Sheriff Depute? of each of the Counties, and the Steward Depute of the Stewartry in Sictlatul herein-before mentioned, or his Substitute, respectively, shall, on the fifteenth Day of the Mouth of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and on the fifteenth Day of every succeeding Month* or within three Days there-aft*r, convene in open Court, at the ufuul Court Place, at twelve of the Clock Mid-day, before him, a Jury of not more than seven, or less than five, good and lawful Men or his County or Stewart? y* not being Buyers of Corn or Oat-meal for Sale, of whom tvw> shall be chosen front among the Frtcholdeis or Commissioners of Supply, and two from among the Farmers of Land, and the remaining Number from among the reputable Inhabitants cail ying on Trade or Bufmefe in some Town in that County or

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo prima Georgii III. C. 30. 113

Stewurtry, to fix and determine, upon Oath, the weekly Market Prices of the fevers.I Sorts of middling Bmijt) Lorn ai d Oat-meal, ns the Bine v.vrexo:nnio;a'y bought and sold in that County or Stewartry in enciiof the tour Weeks Ceil ffff preceding, according to the Evidence to be adduced of the said Prices in ACi,ner herein after directed; and me fad Sheriff or Steward Depute or Substitute shall, in the Pidence ot t!.e jury lo convened, proceed fbitLwith to take Proof of the weekly Market Prices of middling hr it: eh M h‘-xt, R\e, Pea:o, Beaus, Ifftiffy, Peer or li:gg, Oats, and Oat-meal, as the kmc were coeimoiry bcug.uand add within that Coua.ty or Stewartry in each of the said lour Weeks, by examining upon Oatij, as runny Pci Ions ref*dent therein, and fkdful in the Prices of Corn and Q. t-inaal, v/ho arc, by the said Sheriff or Steward Depute or Substitute, lo be convened before him for that Purpose, as Ishall be necesl.hr y for com pit at Evidence of the weekly Prices afore laid, and thereupon the said July lh.d!, by an Iidfrununc in Writ!*g, under the [lands of the major Part of them, fix and determine the weekly Market Prices of Wheat, kye, LVafo, Peons, Parley, Peer or Bigg, Oats, and Oat-meal, as the same were commonly bought and sold within that County or Stewartry in each of the said four Weeks, diffiuguishing therein all the Prices of each of live (kid levtnil Sorts of Corn and of Oat-meal, in each of the find four Weeks; of which weekly Pi ices so fixed and determined the said Snerift or Steward Depute or Substitute fluffl forthwith return an exact and dlitinet Account, under his Hand, to the Receiver or Corn Returns atto ke appointed in Manner herein-affjr directed, and every such Return shall be lodged with, and remain in the Custody of the said Receiver of Corn Returns, for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, That every fveh jury shall fix and determine the Prices of Corn and Oat-meal as aforesaid by the same Measures zrid \Y eights as inch Corn and Oat-meal is respectively bought and sold by in each respective County or Stewartry; and that the Sheriff' or Steward Depute or Substitute, in his Return to be made and transmitted as herein-before directed, shall issue me Prices in like Manner, and shall also compute therefrom, and (late in his find Returns, the Prices of such Corn by the Bushel commonly called The iVwchtsler Bu;hc/, and the Price of such Oat-meal by the-Boll of one hundred and twenty -eight Pounds Scotch Troy, or one hundred and forty Pounds Avoirdupois: Provided also, That the Prices ot Corn and Oat-meal shall be fixed and determined in Manner aforesaid at GTJ'qzv in the County of Lanerk, and at Paisley in the County of Ren-J'r. n', and at Thurjo in the County of Caithmfs, and at the County Towns in the other Counties in Scit-and not at any other Town or Towns in the said respective Counties: Provided also, That the De-pofitiens of the Persons to be examined touching the Prices of Corn and Oat-meal, purfuunt ta this Act, shall be taken in Writing, and shall be signed by diem, and by the said Sheriff or Steward Depute or Snb-stitute, and shall, together with tae Determination of the Jury thereupon, be preserved as Matter of Record by the Sheriff or Steward Clerk of that County or Stewartry, who shall give Extrads thereof to all Persons demanding the same, upon Payment of the like Fees as are exigible for Extrads of judicial Proceedings.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Sheriff or Steward Depute or Substitute, in Scotland, shall have and exercise the like Powers for compelling the Attendance of any Person to give Evidence respecting the Prices of Corn and Oat-meal, or to serve on any Jury for fixing and determining the said Prices, pursuant to this Act, as he has or may lawfully exercise to compel the Attendance of Witnesses or Jurymen upon the Trial of any criminal Indictment before him.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Sheriff or Steward Depute, or if any Sheriff or Steward Substitute, in the Absence of the respective. Sheriff' or Steward Depute, shall neglect, or omit, or delay to cause the Prices of Corn or Oat-meal to be fixed and determined in the Manner directed by this Act upon the respective Days herein-before appointed, or within three Days thereafter, or shall not forthwith, after the fixing and determining thereof, return or transmit to the said Receiver of Corn Returns such State of the Prices so fixed and determined as is herein-before directed, every such Sheriff' or Steward Depute or Substitute respectively shall ior every such Neglect forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver of Corn Returns shall, and he is hereby required

wkhin ten Days after the fifteenth Day of the Month of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and within ten Days after the fifteenth Day of.every succeeding Month, to make up from the last monthly Returns by him received from each Sheriff' or Steward Depute or Substitute, an Account of the weekly Prices of Corn contained in the said lass monthly Returns, within each respective District of Scot-distinguishing therein the t rice of each Sort of Corn, in each Week, in each County or Stewartry coinpreh meed in each District, an Account of which Returns he is hereby required to enter in a Book or Rooks to be ktpt for that Purp-Tq and therefrom to make up and compute the average Price of each re-fjiccnve Sort of Corn, during the find four Weeks, within each respective District j and the Bid Receiver of Corn Returns is hereby directed forthwith to transmit to the Collectors or other Chief Officers of the Customs for the Time being, of the several Ports within cadi such District of SatlnnJy a Certificate of the average Prices of the several Suits of Corn lb made up and computed from the Returns of such District; np.d the said respective Ceil jit rs, a: id other Chief Officers, are hereby required to receive and enter the lame in a Lock or Books to be kepi for that* Pur p.ffe, and to cause a Copy thereof to be hung up in l'ome publick Piece in the CuRnm-uu ffe thereto belong'ng, to which all Peribm may resort, and the Exportation of each Sort of Brlvj:j Corn, and of the other Articles as sdbreBid, and the Payment of the Bounty thereon witniri that Dilffict, shall be governed and regulated by such average Prices in the Manner hereinbefore directed, until new average Prices shall in like Manner be made up and computed, and a Certificate thereof (fidi be tranimiued to such Collectors or Cificf Officers, and be by them received.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the Bid Receiver of Corn Returns shall, and he is hereby required, within ten Days after the hlteenUi Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one,

31 Geo. III. CL and

Account to be tr.infmi:r?d to the Receiver of Corn Reiurm at London, of the i* rices, which are to be fixfd by the Mecfuicl and Weights tWed in each respective Coua*

Depositions touching Price* to be preferred s Records.

Sheriff may compel Evidence, flee, tft attend.

Penalty on Sheriffs notcaufing the Pricei ta bt fixed, dec.

With'n jo Day* after Nov. 15, 1791, and so munthly, the Receiver of Com Reiurnsto make up Accounts of the weekly Prices of Corn in each Dirtridt in Scotland 5 and to transmit the average Prices of the last Month to the Collector of the Customs at the several Ports therein, as the Guide for Exportation. &c.

and also to make up like Accounts at the Times

C. 30.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

314.

herein f- cclf.e I, and within ten Days after the fifteenth Day of February, the fifteenth Day of May, the fifteenth Day of ard the August, and the fifteenth Day of November^ in each and every fuccectling Year, to make up from the two !aft

averse Prices of monthl

Cor" Jnd pat" tions of__________, w.

! Weeks to the Oat-meal, in the lait six Weeks comprized in the said two Returns, within each of the Distri:is of Scotland said ColVtf ors, herein-belore describeJ, distinguisfifing therein the Price of each Sort of Corn and of Oat-meal, in each Week, the Role for in each County or Stewartry comprehended in each District; an Account of which Returns he is hereby re-impu.tiuon,&c* qUjre(] to enter in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and therefrom to nuke up and compute the average Price of each respective Sort of Corn and of Oat-meal, during the said six Weeks, within each respective District; and the said Receiver of Corn Returns is hereby directed forthwith to traniinit to the Collectors or other Chief Officers of the Customs, for the'l ime being, of the several Peru in each District, a Certificate of the average Prices of the several Sorts of Com, and of Oat-meal, made up and computed - from the Returns of such District, and the respective Collectors, or other Chief Officers, are hereby re-

quired to receive and enter the same in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and to cause a Copy thereof to be hung up in some publick Place in the Custom-house thereto belonging, to which all Persons may resort, and the Importation of e*ch Sort of foreign Coin, Meal, and Flour, and the Payment of the Duty thereon, within that District, shall be governed and regulated by such average Prices, in the Manner herein-before directed, until new average Pnces shall in like Manner be made up and computed, and a Certificate thereof transmitted to such Collectors, or other Chief Officers, and be by them received.

LXII. And whereas it will be highly useful that an Account should be obtained of the Prices at which the several Sorts of Corn and of Oat-meal are fold in the several inland and other Counties of this King-. 4 dom, from which Returns of the Prices of Corn and of Oat-meal are not herein-before directed to be

made, in order that a Register thereof may be formed and published, for the Information and Benefit of Accounts of the Majesty's Subjects be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Prices of each Sort pri.es o# CcT1 of Corn and of Oat-meal shall be taken in the Manner herein after directed, in the several Cities and Towns

to be taken in -

Ayvjiury, JVyccmb, and Newport Parnell: In the County of Derby; Derby, Chesterfield, and Ashburn: In the County of Hertford; Hertford, Bishops Stortford, and Royston: In the County of Hereford; Hereford^ I.eominjhr^ and Refs: In the County of Huntingdon; Huntingdon, Saint Ives, and Saint Neot's: In the County of Leicfler \ Leicester, Ashly - cle ~ia~Zcu a?, and Hin I: ley: In the County of Middlesex; Uxbridge,

fcaeh of mhich an Inspe^or of Corn Returns to be appointed; &c.

Such Tnfpefhtrs to lake the following

0*ih*

low, Shreufbury, and Whitchurch: In the County of Stafford; Neivcaflle, Stafferef and Burton upon Trent: In the County of Surry; Croydon, Kings on, and Reigate: In the County of Warwick; Coventry, IVaiaJuick, and Birmingham: In the County of Worcester\ iForeefler, Evesham, and Kidderminster: In the County of IPilts; Salisbury, Devizes, and Alar thorough: In the West Riding of the County of York; Leeds, Halifax, and Doncaster: In the County of Brecon; Brecknock and Builih: In the County of Montgomery; Montgomery and Pool: In the County of Radnor; Knighton and Presteigne.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for every such County, Riding, or Division last mentioned, and the Mayor or other Chief Officer, and Justices of the Peace, of every such last mentioned City or Town, which is a County of itself, or has or enjoys an exempt Jurisdiction, and which does not contribute to the Rate of the County, Riding, or Division in which it is situated, at their General Quarter Sessions to be held after the Feast of Saint John the Bapiiji one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, or at any Adjournment thereof, or at some subsequent Sessions, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to appoint such Person as shall appear to them bed: qualified for that Purpose, within their respective Jurisdictions, not being a Miller, Mahfter, Factor, Merchant, Clerk, Agent, or other Person dealing in Corn for Sale, or for the Sale of Meal, Flour, Malt, or Bread made thereof, residing within or near each and every of the Cities or Towns so nominated as aforesaid, to collect weekly an Account of the average Prices of each Sort of Corn and of Oat-meal fold in such City or Town, and die Person so to be appointed shall be called inspector of Corn Returns for such City or Town respectively; and the said Justices, and Mayor or other Chief Officer and Justices, shall, and they are hereby required, in the same Manner, from Time to Time, upon the Death, Removal, or Resignation of any such Inspector, to appoint some other fit and proper Person as aforesaid, to belnspector of Corn Returns, for such City or Town; and until such Appointment can be made at the Sessions as before directed, two Tu (Vices of any such County, Riding, or Division, and the Mayor or other Chief Officer of any such City or Town, may, upon such Vacancy, appoint an Inspector in the same Manner as is herein-before provided with respect to the Inspectors for the Cities and Towns in the said maritime Counties upon any such Vacancy.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Inspection, before he enters on the Execution of his Office, shall take the following Oath, or, being of the People called fhuikers^ affirm; videlicet,

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 30.

" Corn and of Oat-meal sold at the Market held at; and that I will in all Things,

to the heft of my Skill and Judgement, conform myself, as Inspector of Corn Returns, to the Directions of the said AcV'

Which Oath or Affirmation, any one Justice of the Peace of every such County, Riding, or Division, or the Mayor or other Ciref Officer in such City or Town is hereby authored and required to admi-n^ller; and every such Inspector shall and may be removed in the same Manner, and for the same causes as is herein-before directed with respect to the Inspectors for the Cities and Towns in the said maritime Counties.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That every such Inspector shall duly and regularly enter in a Book or Bocks to be provided and kept for that Purpose, an Account of the average weekly Prices of each Sort of Corn and of Oat-meal according to the respective Measures in Table D, and shall return to the Receiver of Corn Returns herein-afrer to be appointed, on the Tuejdpty in each Week, an Account of the average weekly Prices of the several Sorts of Corn and of Oat-meal fold in the City or Town for which he is appointed Inspector, on Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect therein, the Sum of ten Pounds; which Account shall be lodged with, and remain in the Custody of the said Receiver of Corn Returns for the Purposes of this Act.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver of Corn Returns shall, and he is hereby required to enter such Returns of the said Prices of each Sort of Corn and of Oat-meal received from the Counties, Cities, and Towns herein-before last mentioned, fairly in a Book or Books to be kept for that Pur-poic, and once in every Week to cause an Abstract of the average Prices made up and computed in Manner herein-before respectively directed from all the Returns received, as well from the several Districts of the said maritime Counties of Great Britain, as from the Counfies, Cities, and Towns herein-before last mentioned, to be published in the London Gazette, in the Manner and Form that shall be approved by the Lords of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, appointed for the Consideration' of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations; and shall, four Times in every Year, transmit a Certificate to ihe Treasurer of each respective County, Riding, Division, and Stewartry, and the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, and to the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of such Cities and Towns as are Counties of themselves, or have or enjoy exempt Jurisdiction, and which do not contribute to the Rate of the County, Riding, or Division in which they are situated, of the Returns wh ch have been made by the several Persons appointed to make the same, within each such County, Riding, Division, or Stewartry, C ity or Town respectively; and also whether such Returns have been regularly made, according to the Directions of this Act.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Justices of the Peace at any Quarter Sessions shall think it fleceliary or expedient that any other Cities or Towns should be appointed either in the maritime Counties, Ridings, or Divisions, or in the Counties, Ridings, or Divisions Lift mentioned, in that Part of the Lbiited Kingdom called England, for taking the Prices of Corn and Oat-meal in Manner herein-before directed, instead of any of the Cities or Towns named in this Act, and such Justices, at their said Sessions, shall direct a Representation to be made to his Majesty for the above Purpose, such City or Town so propoted and named by them in such Representation, shall, upon the Approbation of his Majesty in Council being signified to them, be deemed to be and become a City or Town for taking the Prices of Corn and Oat-meal, in Manner herein-before directed, instead of any of the Cities or Towns proposed by them to be omitted.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if Returns conformable to the Directions of this Act shall be made to the Receiver of Corn Returns, from not less than two Thirds of the Cities or Towns from which Returns are to be made in each rdpcclive District of that Part of Great Britain called England, or from not less than two Thirds of the Counties or Stewartry from which Returns are to be made in each respective District of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, such Number of Returns made conformable to the Directions of this Act in every such District, shall be deemed to be sufficient for forming the average Prices by such Receiver of Corn Returns, for the Purposes of governing and regulating the Importation of foreign Corn, Meal, and Flour, and the Payment of the Duty thereon, and the Exportation of Hr it if}) Corn, and other Articles as aforesaid, and Payment of the Bounty thereon in every such District.

L.klX. And be it further enacted, That in case a Efficient Number of Returns, conformable to the Directions of this Act, shall not be made from any one or more of the before-mentioned Diirrids, Das to enable the Receiver of Corn Returns to compute and make up the average Prices of Corn and of Oatmeal for such District or Districts, in Manner herein-before directed; or in case no Copy of the Account of the average Prices of the several Sorts of Corn and of Oat-meal, Did and delivered within the City of London, and Suburbs thereof, be transmitted to the Receiver of Corn Returns by the Inspector appointed for the said City of London, in Manner herein-before directed, the said Receiver of Corn Returns shaft, and he is hereby authorised and required, in ctery such Case, to compute, from the Quantities and Prices cA the several Sorts of Corn and of Oat-meal in the Accounts returned to him from all the other Baits of the Kingdom, the average Price of each Sot of Corn and of Oat-mral, and to transmit a Certificate thereof to the Collectors or Chief Officers of the Ports of every such District, from which sufficient Returns, conformable to the Directions of this Act, shall not have been made, and according to such average Prices contained in such Certificate, the Importation of Corn, Meal, and Flour, and Payment of me Duty thereon, and the Exportation of Corn, and of the other Articles, as aforesaid, and the Payment of the-JLIoumy thereon, shall be governed and regulated in every such District till a new Certificate, Gorlov z formable

*15

Such In'peflors may Lc temoved*

Such Inspect.if to t ranfiii it to the Receiver of Corn Returns, a weekly Account of the rr3ge I'rpcs of Corn and Oii-meal U Id in their re* fptflive Pit', trifl-, on Penalty of icl.

It ectivv-r of Ci rn Rru m toc*u!e an AMlra& of the average IVces to be In-Icrttd in the Gazette weekly, and trar.fmiiCer-lifi ates of the Return* received, four Times in 'he Year, to the County Treadier, &c.

Placet for taking the Prices of Corn, See may be chang'd,

Returns from two Thirds of the Uhces in euh Distift, be sufficientfir for fornvng tha average Pi ices.

Th? averse Pir*sof the DiiMfts vi-huh hrve fem Return*, to be' t'anlmitred as the G.iide for Ittx rta'inn, Arc. inti eP stricts f om whi-h ft f.

fiC'ent Returns h.i\r not be^a

received, Scc.

n6 C. 30. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

When the Parliament is not iitting, if the average Price of any Sortof Corn, &c. should be higher than that at which the same Sort of foreign Corn may be imported on the low Duties in Table D, the King in Council may prohibit Exportation, &c.

Prohibition not to extend to foreign Corn imported and ware-housed.

formable to the Directions of this Act, shall be transmitted to such Collectors or Chief Officers, and be by them received.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, be, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, at any Time when Parliament is not fitting, and when the average Price of any Sortof Corn or of Oat-meal, taken from the Returns of the whole Kingdom, is higher than the Price at or above which foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour of the same Sort is allowed by Law to be imported at the Low Duties specified in the Table marked D, to prohibit generally, for a limited Time, the Exportation from this Kingdom of any Sort of Corn, or other Articles, as aforesaid, and in like Manner to permit generally the Importation, 011 the lowest Duties then payable, of any Sort of foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour*, and in like Manner to recal such Prohibition or Permission, if Circumstances shall appear so to require; and if any Person shall* import or export any Corn, or other Articles, as aforesaid, contrary to such Prohibition or Permission of his Majesty, by and "with the Advice of his Privy Council, the Person so importing or exporting the same shall be subject and liable to the like Forfeitures and Penalties, and the said Corn, or other Articles, and the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported or exported, shall be subject and liable to the like Forfeitures as if the said Corn, or other Articles, were imported or exported contrary to jthe Provisions of this or any other Act: Provided always, That as often as the Importation of any Sort of Corn, Meal, or Flour, on the low Duties, shall be permitted by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council* such Permission shall continue in force for the Space of three Months, at least, from the Date of the Order of Council made for that Purpose.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Power hereby granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation from this Kingdom of any Sort of Corn, or other Articles, as aforesaid, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, that shall have been imported, and shall be warehoused in Manner, and on the Conditions herein-before mentioned.

His Majesty in Council may, in the Cases before mentioned, permit the carrying Coastwise, &c. of Corn, as is herein-before allowed when the Exportation as prohibited on Account of the Prices being at or

LXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to permit the carrying Coastwise, or carrying out, or the Exportation of the several Sorts of Cern, and other Articles hereinbefore mentioned, for any of the Purposes before mentioned, in like Manner, and in the dime Proportions and Quantities, ani from and to the same Ports and Places as is herein-before allowed at such Times as any of reason to the

quired and imposed by this Act, or by any other Act now in force, in any of the Cases herein-before mentioned.

above the Prices in Table F.

Copies of Orders

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That Copies of such Orders, made by his Majesty in Council for the Pur-

in Council to be p0fcs aforesaid, be laid before both Hoitfes of Parliament within fourteen Days after the Meeting of the next

laid be tore Par- Session of parliament.

*ame"

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Inspectors appointed in pursuance of this Act, in the fe-

in°Ero" nd are* vera* before mentioned Counties, Ridings, and Divisions of that Part of Great Erltah cjioj lardy

to be paid, shall be paid quarterly, out of the County Rates for every such County, Riding, or Division, by the Treasurer thereof, and the Inspectors of every such City or 1 own which is a County of itself, or has or enjoys an exempt Jurisdiction, and which does not contribute lo the Rate of the County, Riding, or Di-vilion, in which it is situated, shall be paid in like Manner quarterly from the Poor Rates, by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes or Tuwnships within such City or Town ;.nd the Jurisdiction thereof (the Contribution from the respective Parishes or Townships to be apportioned by the Mayor or other Cnicf Officer of such City or'Town, with Liberty to the Churchwardens anj Overseers of any iVc.i Parish or Tov.nship, if they shall object to such Apportionment, to appeal to the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace for such City or "Town), a Sum not exceeding five Shillings, for each Return from any City or Town in the maritime Counties of that Part of Great Britain called AV; >certified to the Treasurer of such County, Riding, or Division, or to the Mayor or other Chief ? i.igiftpate of such City or'Town, by the Receiver of Corn Returns, to ha\e been properly made; and a Sum not exceeding two Shillings for each Return from any of the Cities or Towns in the fevtra! ir.i.md or other Counties lull bcioie mentioned, and so certified to have been properly made; which Certificates the said Receiver of Corn Returns is hereby required to make quartetly; except in such Cases where such Indices in such County, Riding, or biviiion, or Mayor or other Chief Officer or Justices in such City or Town shall think some larger Compensation shall be necessary in Consideration of the great Trouble to which any such Inspector shall be subject: Which Sums of Money any such Treasurer, and such Churchwardens and Overseeis of the Poor, after the Apportionment ins been made between the respective Parishes in Manner before directed, is and are hereby authorised a 11J required to pay, upon receiving such Certificate and Sheriffs De- and the same shall be allowed in their respective Accounts; and that the Sheriff Depute of the Counties* jputc in Scotland, and the Steward Depute of the Stewartry, or his Substitute, in that Parc of Great Britain called Scjtl lat.dy shall be intided to receive quarterly, out of the public, k Kate or Cess of every such Counry or Stewartry, a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings for each monthly Return, certified by the Receiver of Com Returns to the Treasurer of such County or Stewartry, to have been propeily made according to the Directions of this Act, by every such Sheriff Depute, Steward Depute, or Substitute, for defraying tile Charges incuried in making such Returns, which Sums of Money the Treasurer of every such County or Stewartry

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 3c

is hereby authorised and required to pay, upon receiving such Certificate, and the same shall be allowed in his Account.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver of Corn Returns shall, at the End of every Year, transmit to the Receiver General of his Majesty's Customs in England, a Certificate of the Number of Returns which have been properly made to him according to the Directions of this Act, in the Course of every such Year, from every County, Riding, Division, City, cr Town which are Counties of themselves, or have and enjoy exempt Jurisdidliction as aforesaid respectively, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and he mall, in like Manner, transmit to the Receiver General of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland, a Certificate of the Number of PvCturns which have been properly made to him, according to the Directions of this Act, in the Course of every such Year, from every County, and the Stewartry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland respectively; and such Receiver General of the Customs in England shall, on an Order from the Commissioners of the Customs, or any four of them, forthwith repay, out of the Monies in his Hands, arising from the Duties or: foreign Corn, Meal, and Flour imported (an Account of which Duties he is to keep separate, and to retain in his Hands so much of the Produce thereof as shall be sufficient for that Purpose) to the Treasurers of the several maritime Counties, Ridings, or Divisions of that, Part of Great Britain called England, and to the Mayor or other Chief Officer of the Cities or Towns locally situated within the said Counties, that are Counties of themselves, or have and enjoy an exempt Jurisdiction as aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding five Shillings for every Return certified to him by the said Receiver of Corn Returns to have been properly made according to the Directions of this Act in the Course of every such Year, by the Inspectors of every such Couiuy, Riding, Division, City or Town respectively; and a Sum not exceeding two Shillings for every Return from any of the Cities or Towns in the several inland and other Counties last before mentioned, lo certified to have been properly made; and such Receiver General of the Customs in Scotland shall, on an Order from the Commissioners of the Customs, or any three of them, in like Manner repay, out of the Monies in his Hands, arising from the Duties on foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour imported (an Account of which Duties he is to keep separate, and to retain in his Hands so much of the Produce thereof as mail be sufficient for that Purpose) to tire Treasurers of the several Counties, and the Stewartry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings for every Return certified to him by the said Receiver of Corn Returns to have been properly made according to the Directions of this Act, in the Course of every such Year, by every such Sheriff' Depute, Steward Depute, or his Substitute, of every such County or Stewartry; and every such Treasurer in the several Counties of England shall car. y the Sum so received by him to the Account of the Rate of every such County, Riding, or Division respectively; and every such Mayor or other Chief Officer of the several Cities or Towns which are Counties of themselves, or have and enjoy an exempt Jurisdiction as aforesaid, shall repay the Sum lo received by him to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes or Townships in every such City or Town, in Proportion to the Sums which every such Parish or Township shall have respectively contributed for the Payment of the Inspector appointed for every such City or Town, to be carried to '.he Account of the Poor Rates of every such Parish or Township respectively; and every such Treasurer ci: the several Counties, and of the Stcv/-artry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall carry ihe Sums so received by him to the Account of the publick Rate or Eels, of every such County or Srewaitry respectively, and the said Receivers of the Customs in England and Scotland shall be rdpeclively allowed such Payments in their several Accounts.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Monies aiifing by the Duties on foreign Corn, Meal, and Flour, impel ted, shall not be sufficient to make the Repayment aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Englan or any lour or more of them, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them respectively, to order the Receiver General to make up such Deficiency out of any other Money in his Hand?, arising from the Duties of Customs; and the said Receiver General of the Customs in England and Scotland shall be respectively allowed such Payments in theirlcveral Accounts.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treab ry, for the Time being, cr any three or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint a fit and proper Person for executing the Office of Receiver of Corn Returns according to the Directions of this Act, with such Salary and Allowance as shall be deemed by them to be a proper and sufficient Com-peillation for his Time and I rouble in executing the said Office.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That such Ruviv.-r of Corn Returns, before he enters on the Execution of his Office, shall take the following Oath; [videlicet J

I A.B. do fv/car. That I will, to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the Office of Receiver M A of Corn Returns, according to tile Directions of an Act passed in the thiriy-first Year of the Reign 4C of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [firm fei so'tb the Title rf the Act], and in all " Things conform inylelf as Receiver of Corn Returns to the Provisions of the said Act/'

Which Oath any Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex is hereby impowered and required to administer.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Receiver of Corn Returns to fend by the Post to any Part of this Kingdom, any printed papers, containing an Account or Abstract of the average Prices of Corn, or any of the other Articles aforesaid, taken from the Returns transrniued to

him

117

ReceiverofCorn

Returns to transmir, at the End of each Year, a C.rtifi-cateof the Number of Returns he has received, to the Receiver General of the Customs in England and Scotland reflectively, who are to repay the Money advanced by the County Treasurers, &c.

County Trca* fun rf, &c. to dispose of the M ney so received, in the Manner herein mentioned.

If the Duties on t. reign C<»rn imporie.i are inefficient to m ike cl'e. foie-f-itl Repayment, the Reviver Gen'ial to m ike up the Deficiency.

Treasury to appoint a Receiver of Corn Returns,

who is to take the following

Oath,

Receiver of Corn

Returns ta send and receive Papers on the Bu-finess of this

n8. C. 30. Anno tvicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 179»-

Act, free of him by virtue of this Act, in Covers open at the Sides, which shall be signed by him on the Outside there-pnface, under free from the Duty of Portage; and to receive and fend ail his Letters and Packets, from and to the certain Reitiic- inspC&0rs appointed by virtue of this Act, and from and to the Clerks of the Peace in the several Counties, uoj.* Ridings, and Divisions in England) and from and to the Sheriffs or Steward Depute of the Counties and the Stewartry in Scotland, and from and to the Collectors and other Chief Officers of the Customs, and from and to the Mayors or other Chief Officers of the Cities and Towns that are Counties of themselves, or have and enjoy an exempt Jurisdiction as aforefii 1, and from and to the Yreasurers of the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, and Stewartry as aforesaid, on the Be line is in which he is employed in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, free from the Duty of Pottage, in the same Manner, and under such Reductions, as are now by Lav/ established icfpecling all other Letters, Packets, and printed Papers, sent and received by the Pod free from the said Duty: Provided neverthe leis. That all Letters and Packets so lent by the said Receiver of Corn Returns, shall he certified on the Outside thereof, in his Hand Writing, to be on the Business of this Act, and shall be sealed with a Seal provided for that Purpose and kept in his Office, an Impression or Exemplification of which shall be previously lodged in the General Poll-office; and also, that all Letters and Packet?, so received by the said Receiver of Cern Returns, shall be certified on the Outside thereof, by the Officers transmitting the same, to be upon the Business of this Act, and shall contain no other Letter, Paper, or Thing whatsoever, than for the Paid Receiver of Corn Returns upon the Business aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's Post-master General, his Secretary or other Officer specially author iled by him, to examine and learch all such Letters and Packets, and to charge with treble Portage any Letter, Paper, or Thing therein contained contrary to the Provisions of this Act.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That the Collectors or principal Officers of the Customs, at every CoN'storscf the port in Great Britain, shall respectively transmit weekly to the said Receiver of Corn Returns, an Account Cu^kimAccounts Qyanl's of the several Sorts of Corn, or of Malt, Meal, or Flour, shipped in their respective

of CtheCorr°U&c! Port? in the preceding Week to be carried Coafhvlfe, with the Names of the Ships or Vessels, the Names of shipped lobe the Masters, and the Ports or Places in Great Britain to which such Corn, Malt, Meal, or Flour was in-

carried Coast- tended to be carried, and also an Account of the Quantities of all the several Sorts of Corn, Malt, Meal,

wife ar, or or flour, brought Coastwise in the preceding Week into each such Port, with the Names of the Ships or

wile ntotbeir Vessels, the Names of the Masters, and the Name of the Port or Place from whence the same was brought;

tVrped^ive Fort?, and the said Receiver of Corn Returns Ihnll, at the End of every three Months, transmit to the Commis-to the Receiver sioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Sect land reflectively, an Account, to be formed and made of ComReturns, Up in such Manner as they the said Commissioners shall. reflectively approve, of the Quantity of the several whois evfry Sorts of Corn, Malt, Meal, or Flour, Shipped to be carried Coastwise from each Port, or brought Coalt-Iranfm^n ' c- wife into each Port, of Great Britain respectively.

co«m thereof to the Commissioners of the Cuflcmt.

Treasury to or-cer an annual

Account to be transmitted from the Customs to the Recover of Corn Returns, of the C rn exported, &c.

All Corn to be, measured by the Winch* fter

UuJUe), &c#

When Corn,

&c. is sold by Weig.h?, the Qn-*niitie* herein specified to be de^mtd equal to a Iiufhcl.

The Quantity of ground Corn in Sacks to be determined by wriebing two Sacks cut of twenty.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby required to order and direct that an Account of the Quantities of all Corn, and the other Articles as aforesaid, exported from Great Britain, and of all Corn, Meal, and Flour imported into Great Britain, together with an Account of ail Bounties and Duties paid and received thereon, be transmitted annually, by the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, to the said Receiver of Corn Returns, to be registered by him in proper Books to be kept for that Purpose.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Bushel by which all Corn shall be measured and computed in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, shall be the Winchester Bushel, and that a Quarter shall be deemed to coniift of eight such Bushels; and that the Justices of the Peace of each County, Riding, and Division, and the Mayor or other Chief Officer of the Cities or Towns which are Counties of themselves, or have or enjoy exempt or peculiar Jurisdiction, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Sheriff, or Steward Depute, or Substitute, of the Counties, and of the said Stewartry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall cause a Standard Winchester Bushel to be provided and kept in each City and Town from which any Return? of the Prices of Coin are by this Act directed to be made; and that all Duties be paid, and all Bounces be paid and allowed, and all Computations by Measure to be made for the Purposes of this Act, be made by the stricken and not by the heaped Bushel; and that in all Cases where Corn shall be loid by Weight, fifty-seven Pounds Avoirdupois of Wheat shall be deemed equal to every such Winchester Bushel of Wheat, and that fifty-five Avoirdupois Pounds of Rye shall be deemed equal to every such Bushel of Rye, and that forty-nine Avoirdupos Pounds of Barley shall be deemed equal to every such Bushel of Barley, and that forty-two Avoirdupois Pounds of Beer or Bigg shall be deemed equal to every such Bushel of Beer or Bigg, and that thirty-eight Avoirdupois Pounds of Oats shall be deemed equal to every such Bushel of Oats; and further, that fifty-six Avoirdupois Pounds of Wheat-meal, and forty-five Avoirdupois Pounds of Wheat-flour, shall be deemed equal to every such Bushel of unground Wheat, and that fifty three AvoirJupois Pounds of Rye-meal shall be deemed equal to every such Bushel of unground Rye, and that forty-eight Avoirdupois Pounds of Barley-meal shall be deemed equal to every such Bushel of unground Barley, and that forty-one Avoirdupois Pounds of Beer or Bigg-meal shall be deemed equal to every such Bushel of unground Beer or Bigg, and that twenty-two Avoirdupois Pounds of Oat-meal shall be deemed equal to every such Bushel of unground Oats; and for greater Expedition in mcaiuring ground Corn of any Sort that shall be in Sacks, the proper Officer may make Choice of and weigh two Sacks out of any Number not exceeding twenty Sacks, and so in Proportion for any greater Quantity, and thereby compute the Quantity of the Whole: And if any Doubt shall arise, whether ground Wheat entered to be exported on Bounty, ought to be considered as Wheat meal, or Wheat-flour,

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 30.

such Officer is hereby authorised to require that a certain reasonable Portion of every Sack, not exceeding one Peck out of each Sack, shall be passed through a Sieve or Cloth, commonly called A Fourteen Shilling Cktb, wA if such ground Wheat shall not pass through such Sieve or Cloth, the lame shall not be considered as Wheat-flour.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Inspector of Corn Returns shall, and he is hereby required to make a Comparison between the ffinchester iVlealure and the Measure commonly used in the City or Town for which he is appointed Inspector; and within one Month after his Appointment to cause a Statement in Writing of such Comparison to be hung up in Tome conspicuous Place in the Market and Town-hall of such City or Town, and from Time to Time renew the same if it shall become defaced or illegible, and shall return a Copy of the same to the Receiver of Corn Returns.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to alter the present Practice of measuring Com, or any of the Articles aforesaid, to be shipped from, or to be landed in the Port of London, but that the lame shall be mcahned by the sworn Meters appointed for that Purpose, by whose Certificate the Searchers or other proper Officers of his Majesty's Customs are hereby impowered and required to certify the Quantity of Corn, or other Articles as aforesaid, lb shipped or landed; and that nothing in this Act contained dull extend to leilen or take away the Tolls or Duties due and payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to die Mayor of the Paid City for the Time being.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Act of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, by whici any Conditions, Rules, Regulations, or Restrictions were made, established, or directed for the better securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the regular Importation into, or Exportation from Great Britain, or the bringing or carrying Coastwise, or from Port to Port, within the same Kingdom, or the entering, landing, or shipping of any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes whatever, except where any Alteration is exprefdy made by this Act, shall, and they are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effect, and dull be applied to the Subject of this Act, and for carrying the same into Execution, as lully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re* enacted in this present Act.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Fee shall be taken by the Clerk of any Justice of Peace, or other Person before whom any Oath, Affirmation, or Declaration, shall be taken or made by the Directions of this Act, on account of such Oath, Affirmation, or Declaration.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures created, and Penalties inflicted, by this Act for Offences committed in England and Scotland respectively, shall and maybe sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively, in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as Penalties inflicted, or Forfeitures created, in England and Scotland respectively, for any Offences against the Laws of Customs, may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, and the Produce disposed of in the like Manner, and applied to the like Uses and Purposes, unless otherwise Specially provided for by this Act: Provided always, That any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by this Act on any Corn Factor, or on any Dealer in Corn, Malt, Meal or Flour, for Sale as aforesaid, or on any inspector of Corn Returns, may be sued for and recovered before any two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, or Town where such Com Fa<stor, or Dealer in Corn, Malt, Meal, or Flour, for Sale, or Inspector of Corn Returns shall reiide; and such two Justices shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, if, upon due Proof and Examination of the Matter, it shall appear to them that such Corn Eactor, or Dealer in Com, Malt, Meal, or Flour, for Sale, or Inspector of Corn Returns, is guilty of the Offence against this Act then alledged against him, to convict him thereof, and, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy such Penalty by Distress and Sale of his Goods and Chattels, and such Penalty shall be applied in Manner herein-before mentioned.

LXXXVIII. Provided, 2nd it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall be brought or sued forth in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at WeJi-minster9 for any Offence against this Statute, in Cases where such Offences are by this Act cognizable by Justices of the Peace, relating to the same Offences, or any Forfeitures or Penalties for the same, but that the Determination of the Justices of the Peace in the County where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, shall be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever j any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ifanyAflion or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing by him, her, or them done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon: And if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XC. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the Inspefiors of Corn Returns, directed by this Act to be appointed, shall be fg appointed in each of the Counties, Ridings, and Divisions, and in each of the

119

Direction! for determining Doubts respecting ground Wheat, &c, Inspef'or of Corn Return* to make a Companion bet* e?n the Winchester Measure, and that used where he is ]nrpe£tor, fee.

The pres. nt P‘adticeot mea-

fu'ing Corn within London to com ue, 2n \ the Tolls to be paid.

All Aflsin force for securing the Revenue, Lc. te extend to this Act.

No Fee to be taken for Oat ha.

How Penalties are to be recovered and applied.

Determination of Justicet to He final in all Case* cognizable by them.

[General Issue.]

Treble Cortf.

As soon at In* for&ors are appointed in £ng*

120

C. 30. Anno tricesimo priino Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

land, and Re* turns made from Scotland, the Authority to jmk* Rrturns under 10 Geo.

3. c. 39. to Cea'e.

Receiver of Corn Returns to continue to insert in the Gate, te the weekly average Prices of Corn till Nov, 15, 1791 l)ut es under this Act on the Importation of Corn, &c. to commrnce on Nov. 15, 1791, 4c c.

So much of 30 Geo. 3. c. 1. relates to thelm-poriation and Exportationol Corn and Grain, and 30 Geo. 3. c. 42. to continue in force till Nov* 15, 1791.

Before Nov. 15, 1791, if the Exportation of Wheat, 6:c. should be prohibited, his Majesty in Council may authorise the Exportation of the (Quantities hitherto allowed, to any Place belonging to his Mojcftjr, &ct

nd may o*\3er

the B' unties u> he paid on I x-portation when-

Cities and Towns, being Counties of themselves, and having exempt Jurisdiction as aforesaid, of that Part of Great Britain called England, and as soon as the Sncrift Depute in each of the Counties, or the Steward Depute, or his Substitute, of the Stewartry of that Part of Great Britain called Sntland, shall respectively have made Returns to the Recci\cr of Corn R.turns in the Manner herein-before directed, the Authority vested in the Persons appointed to make Returns by \i;tue of the before-mentioned Act, passed in the tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, shall ceaie in every such County, Riding, Division, and Stewartry respectively; and further, that the Receiver of Corn Returns Hull continue or.ee in every Week to nuke up and compute, from the Returns made to him, either by virtue of the said Act passed in the tenth Year of his MajrRy's Reign, or by virtue of this Act, the average Prices of the several Sorts of Com, and cause an A bit rad of the same to be published in the London Gazette in Manner herdn-before directed, nil the fifteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, after which Day no Return flial 1 be made to him by vinue of the said Act passed in the tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, and such Averages shall from thenceforth be made up and computed, and such Abllrad be published in the London Gazelle from Returns made by virtue of tl:is Ad only; and further, that the Duties irr.posed by this Act on the Importation of foreign Corn, Meal, and if lour, and the Bounties granted by this Act on the Exportation of British Corn, and other Ai tides as aforesaid, fhr.il commerce in the fifteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety one; and that the Duties impeded by firmer Laws on the Importation of foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, and the Bounties g.anteJ by former Laws on the Exportation of British Corn, or any of the other Articles as aforesaid, and all Pawos granted for the Purpose of railing, levying, answering, and recovering the same slave aid except in ail Cases relating to the recovering any Arrears thereof) shall ceaie on tnc (hid fifteenth Day of Acvemher one tlntiUnd Even hundred and ninety-one; and that all Provisions made by this Act for regulating and governing the Importation of foreign Corn, Meal, or Fiour, and the Duty payable thereon, and tnc Exportation of hiifish Corn, and the other Articles as aforesaid, and the Payment of the Bounty thereon, and the c;rlying the same Coastwise, shall commence on the said fifteenth Jday of No:'ember one thouhmd seven hundred and ninety-one; and that tire Regulations made by any former Law, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, for any of the said Purposes, snail ceaie on the said fifteenth Day of Af vernier one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; and further, that the several Provisions made by this Act for allowing and regulating the warehousing of foreign Corn, Meal, and Flour, and the taking the same out of such Warehouses for Exportation, or any of the Purposes herein-before mentioned, shall commence on the fifteenth Day of Ar;-v ember one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; and that mil Provisions made in the before-mentioned Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his Majt liy's Reign, or in any other Law for allowing and regulating the warehousing of foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, and taking the same out of such Warehouses for Exportation, or any of the Purposes therein mentioned, shall ceaie on the said fifteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for indcmnjyl, ig all Perjouf 'who have been concerned in advfing or carrying into Execution certain Orders of Council r</petting the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain; and also certain Ordu‘smiJJ'ued by the Govern, or General of Pis Alxj/ly's Colonies in America; and for preventing Suits in confluence of the Jame; and for making further Provisions relative thereto), as relates to the Importation and Exportation ot Corn and Grain; and a!so the whole of another Act, pafficl in the same Session (intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, certain Provisions contained in an Add, made in this pr font Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for indemnifying ail Papons who have fen concerted in ad* ping or carrying into Execution, certain Orders of Council rejjedding the Importation and Exportation of Corn m.d 4 Grain; and also certain Orders ijfuecl by the Governor General of his Majesty's Colonies in America; and for preventing Suits in confluence of the same-, and for making f:u then Provisions relative thereto\ rc- lading to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain; and to authorise his Ahjrjly to permit the Ex-4 Pertation of Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour; and to fa dibit the Importation thererf on the Lav Duties,') shall continue and be in force until the fifteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

XCII. And be it further enacted by the Authority afore fax!. That if at any Time or Times, before the fifteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, any Sort of Wheat, Wheat-flour, Ififcuit, Rye, Rye-meal, Barley, Barley-meal, Oats, C3; t-meA, Pease, or Beans, shall be prohibited to be exported from Great Bt fain by virtue of the find recited Act?, or of any Authority therein given to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and whh the Advice of his or their Privy Council, it shall and may be lawful, nevertheless, for his Majesty, h s Heirs and Successors, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, by and with the Advice of his or their Pi ivy Council, to permit and allow the importation to any Dominion, Territory, Plantation, Colony, Ifiur.d, Province, Factory, Place, or Fishei y, to his Majesty, his licirs or Succchois, belonging, of such v Quantities cf'each aid eery such Sort of Corn and other Articles as aforesaid, as hath at any Time been allowed to be exported to ll»cU or the same Dominion, Territory, Plantation, CVijny, Eland, Provir.ce, Factory, Place, or Fiinerv, icfpedivdy to ms Airjdty belonging, by any Art or Act \A rarbament heretofore made, and of any Quantity or Quantities of cuen and every Inch Sort of Corn and other Articles, as aforesaid, to the IHand of Nraefounfdar.d, and to the British ifUnus in the li'f! Indies, as shall from Tune to Time be found net diary and requ htc for the Use of the-fi ifhery of the said Iilaiui ot Newfoundland, and for the Food and Sudenar.ee or the Inhioiiantsol the said Islands retpcchvcly*

XCIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority afoielaiJ, That whenever the Exportation of Corn, Grain, and other Articles made thereof. On which Bounties have been heretofore payable, shall he fio \r r~ mated, and that the Prices thereof rdpcctively taken in the Manner directed by an Act, puY-d in toe

lentil

A.D. 179*, Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 31. 121

tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act for regijlcring the Prices at which Corn is fold in the Jeviral Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported\) shall not, upon an Average of the Returns made by virtue of the said Act, exceed the Prices upon which Bounties have been heretofore allowed on each Sort respectively, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order that the same Bounties be allowed on each Sort respectively, as would be allowed and payable thereon, if such Corn, Grain, or other Articles, were exported under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, and subject to the same Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions, and to the same Penalties and Forfeitures, as are enacted and imposed in and by the said Acts.

XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prohibit the Exportation on Bounty of such Malt as shall have been made or declared for Exportation, on or before the tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, (the Price of Barley at the Time when such Malt is hereby allowed to be exported, being, in the District from whence it is to be exported, at or under the Price at which Barley, by this Act, may be exported after the fifteenth Day of November, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one,) upon the Prop rietor or Proprietors of such Malt as aforesaid producing, to the Collector or chief Officer of the Customs at the Port where such Malt as aforesaid shall be exported, a Certificate or Certificates from the Officer or Officers of Excise with whom the Entry of the Corn intended to be made into such Malt as aforesaid for Exportation shall have been made, that such Malt was actually declared or made for Exportation, on or before the tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

ever they would be allowed uo. der any Act in force*

Matt made or declared for Exportation on or before June io* 1791, may be exported on certain Conditions*

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America; and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province.

'Whereas an Act was passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec in North America: And whereas the said Act is in many Respects inapplicable to the present Condition and Circumstances of the said Province: And whereas it is expedient and necessary that further Provision should now be made for the good Government and Prosperity thereof;' May it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as in any Manner relates to the Appointment of a Council for the Affairs of the said Province of Quebec, or to the Power given by the said Act to the said Council, or to the major Part of them, to make Ordinances for the Peace, Welfare, and good Government of the said Province, with the Consent of his Majesty's Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And whereas His Majesty has been pleased to signify, by His Message to both Houses of Parliament, His Royal Intention to divide His Province of Quebec into Two separate Provinces, to be called The Province of Upper Canada, and The Province of Lower Canada; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be within each of the said Provinces respectively a Legislative Council, and an Assembly to be severally composed and constituted in the Manner herein­after described; and that in each of the said Provinces respectively His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall have Power, during the Continuance of this Act, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Legislative Council and Assembly of such Provinces respectively, to make Laws for the Peace, Welfare, and good Government thereof such Laws not being repugnant to this Act; and that all such Laws, being passed by the Legislative Council and Assembly of either of the said Provinces respectively, and assented to by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or assented to in His Majesty 's Name, by such Person as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall from Time to Time appoint to be the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, of such Province, or by such Person as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall from Time to Time appoint to administer the Government within the same, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be, by virtue of and under the Authority of this Act, valid and binding to all Intents and Purposes whatever, within the Province in which the same shall have been so passed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Purpose of constituting such Le-giOative Council as aforesaid in each of the said Provinces respectively, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heiis or Successors, by an Instrument under his or their Sign Manual, to authorize and direct

Instru-

>n each of the said Provinces respectively, a fuSicient Number of discreet and proper Persons' being not

fewer than seven to the Legislative Council for the Province of Upper, and not fewer than fifteen

to the Legislative Council for the Province of Lower Canada j and that it shall allc

31 Geo. III.

[Preamble.]

14 Geo 3. c. 83, recited.

So much of recited AO as relates to the Appointment of a Council for Quebec, or its Powers, repealed.

Within each of the intended Provinces a Legislative Council and Assembly to be constituted, by whose Advice his Majesty may make Laws for the Government of the Province.

His Majesty may authorise the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, of each Province, to summon Members to the Le-giflative Council,

also be lawful for his Majesty,

No Person under

ai Years of Age, &c. to be summoned*

Members to hold their Seats for Life.

His Majesty may annex to hereditary Titles of Honour, the Right of being summoned to the

Legislative Council.

Such defeend-ible Right forfeited, and

122 C. 31. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, from Time to Time, by an Instrument under his or their Sign Manual* to authorize and direct the Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government in each of the said Provinces respectively, to summon to the Legislative Council of such Province, in like Manner, such other Person or Persons as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall think fit; and that every Person \yho shall be so summoned to the Legislative Council of either of the said Provinces respectively, shall thereby become a Member of such Legislative Council to which he shall have been so summoned*

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be summoned to the said Legislative Council, in either of the said Provinces, who shall not be of the full Age of twenty-one Years, and a natural-born Subject of his Majesty, or a Subject of his Majesty naturalized by Act of the British Parliament, or a Subject of his Majesty, having become such by the Conquest and Cession of the Province of Canada.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Member of each of the said Legislative Councils shall hold his Seat therein for the Term of his Life, but subject nevertheless to the Provisions herein after contained for vacating the same, in the Cases herein after specified.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall think proper to confer upon any Subject of the Crown of Great Britain, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of either of the said Provinces, any hereditary Title of Honour, Rank, or Dignity of such Province, descendible according to any Course of Descent limited in such Letters Patent, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to annex thereto, by the said Letters Patent* if his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall so think fit, an hereditary Right of being summoned to the Legislative Council of such Province, descendible according to the Course of Descent so limited with respect to such Title, Rank, or Dignity; and that every Person on whom such Right shall be so conferred* or to whom such Right shall severally so defeend, shall thereupon be entitled to demand from the Governor* Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government of such Province, his Writ of Summons to such Legislative Council, at any Time after he shall have attained the Age of twenty-one Years, subject nevertheless to the Provisions herein after contained.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Person to whom such hereditary Right shall have descended shall, without the Permission of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, signified to the Legislative Council of the Province by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government there, have been absent from the said Province for the Space of four Years continually, at any Time between the Date of his succeeding to such Right and the Time of his applying for such Writ of Summons, if he shall have been of the Age of twenty-one Years or upwards at the Time of his so succeeding, or at any Time between the Date of his attaining the said Age and the Time of his so applying, if he shall not have been of the said Age at the Time of his so succeeding; and also when and so often as any such Person shall at any Time, before his applying for such Writ of Summons, have taken any Oath of Allegiance or Obedience to any foreign Prince or Power, in every such Case such Person shall not be entitled to receive any Writ of Summons to the Legislative Council by virthe of such hereditary Right, unless his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors* shall at any Time think fit, by Instrument under his or their Sign Manual, to direct that such Person shall be summoned to the said Council; and the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government in the said Provinces respe£Hvely, is hereby authorized and required, previous to granting such Writ of Summons to any Person so applying for the same, to interrogate such Person upon Oath touching the said several Particulars, before such Executive Council as shall have been appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, within such Province, for the Affairs thereof.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Member of the Legislative Councils of either of the said Provinces respectively shall leave such Province, and shall reside out of the same for the Space of four Years continually, without the Permission of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, signified to such Legislative Council by the Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering his Majesty's Government there, or for the Space of two Years continually, without the like Permission, or the Permission of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government of such Province, signified to such Legislative Council in the Manner aforesaid; or if any such Member shall take any Oath of Allegiance or Obedience to any foreign Prince or Power; his Seat in such Council shall thereby become vacant.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Case where a Writ of Summons to such Legislative Council shall have been lawfully with-held from any Person to whom such hereditary Right as aforesaid shall have defeended, by Reason of such Absence from the Province as aforesaid, or of his having taken an Oath of Allegiance or Obedience to any foreign Prince or Power* and also in every Case where the Seat in such Council of any Member thereof, having such hereditary Right as aforesaid, shall have been vacated by Reason of any of the Caules herein-before specified, such hereditary Right shall remain suspended during the Life of such Person, unless his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall afterwards think fit to direct that he be summoned to such Council; but that on the Death of such Person such Right, subject to the Provisions herein contained, shall defeend to the Person who shall next be entitled thereto, according to the Course of Descent limited in the Letters Patent by which the same shall have been originally conferred.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Member of either of the said Legislative Councils shall be attainted for Treason in any Court of Law within any of his Majesty's Dominions, his Seat in such Council shall thereby become vacant, and any such hereditary Right as aforesaid then vested in such Person, or to be derived to any other Persons through him, shall be utterly forfeited and extinguished.

Saata In Council vacated in ruin cases*

Hereditary Rights and Seats so forfeited or vacated, to remain suspended during the Lives jof the Parties, but on their Deaths to go to the Persons next intitled thereto.

Seats in Council forfeited, and hereditary Rights extinguished for Tiea* fan*

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 31.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Question shall arise respecting the Right of any Person to be summoned to either of the said Legislative Councils respectively, or respecting the Vacancy of the Seat in such Legislative Council of any Person having been summoned thereto, every such Question shall, by the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the Province, or by the Person administering the Government there, be referred to such Legislative Council, to be by the said Council heard and determined; and that it shall and may be lawful either for the Person desiring such Writ of Summons, or re (peeling whose Seat such Question shall have arisen, or for his Majesty's Attorney General of such Province in his Majesty's Name, to appeal from the Determination of the said Council, in such Case, to his Majesty in his Parliament of Great Britain; and that the Judgment thereon of his Majesty in his said Parliament shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the said Provinces respectively, or the Person administering his Majesty's Government therein respectively, shall have Power and Authority from "I'ime to Time, by an Instrument under the Great Seal of such Province, toconstitute, appoint, and remove the Speakers of the Legislative Councils of such Provinces respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the Purpose of conflicting such Assembly as aforesaid, in each of the said Provinces respectively, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by an Instrument under his or their Sign Manual, to authorise and direct the Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government in each of the said Provinces respectively, within the Time herein after mentioned, and thereafter from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, in his Majesty's Name, and by an Instrument under the Great Seal of such Province, to summon and call together an Assembly in and for such Province.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the Purpose of ele£ling the Members of such Assemblies respectively, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by an Instrument under his or their Sign Manual, to authorise the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, of each of the said Provinces respectively, or the Person administering the Government therein, within the Tjme herein after mentioned, to issue a Proclamation dividing such Province into Districts, or Counties, or Circles, and Towns or Townships, and appointing the Limits thereof, and declaring and appointing the Number of Representatives to be chosen by each of such Districts, or Counties, or Circles, and Towns or Townships respectively; and that it shall also be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to authorise such Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint proper Persons to execute the Office of Returning Officer in each of the said Districts, or Counties, or Circles, and Towns or Townships respectively; and that such Division of the said Provinces into Districts, or Counties, or Circles, and Towns or Townships, and such Declaration and Appointment of the Number of Representatives to be chosen by each of the said Districts, or Counties, or Circles, and Towns or Townships respectively, and also such Nomination and Appointment of Returning Officers in the same, shall be valid and effectual to all the Purposes of this Act, unless it shall at any Time be otherwise provided by any Act of the Legislative Council and Assembly of the Province, assented to by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

XV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provision herein-before contained, for impowering the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government of the said Provinces respectively, under such Authority as aforesaid from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint proper Persons to execute the Office of Returning Officer in the said Districts, Counties, Circles, and Towns or Townships, shall remain and continue in force in each of the said Provinces respectively, for the Term of two Years, from and after the Commencement of this Act, within such Province, and no longer; but subject nevertheless to be sooner repealed or varied by any Act of the Legislative Council and Assembly of the Province, assented to by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be obliged to execute the said Office of Returning Officer for any longer Time than one Year, or oftener than once, unless it shall at any Time be otherwise provided by any Act of the Legislative Council and Assembly of the Province, assented to by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

otherwise provided by an Att

123

Questions resetting the Right to be summoned to Coon, -cil, &c. to be determined as herein mentioned.

The Governor of the Province may appoint and remove the Speaker.

His Majesty may author^: the Governor to call together the Assembly,

and for the Purposeot eiefting the Members, to issue a Proclamation dividing the Pro- vince into Dif-tritts, &c»

Fower of the Governor to appoint Returning Officers, to continue two Yean from the Commencement of this Act.

No Perst n obliged to serve a* Returning Offi* cer more than once, unless or the Province

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the whole Number of Mem- N,mbsr of bers to be chosen in the Province of Upper Canada ftnll not be less than sixteen, and that the whole Number ^eb*rs, nca^ of Members to be cholcn in the Province of Lower Canada shall not be less than fifty.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Writs for the Election of Members Regulations to serve in the said Assemblies respectively shall be issued by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person forjOuing administering his Majesty's Government within the said Provinces respectively, within fourteen Days after ^rits.for the the sealing of such Instrument as aforesaid for summoning and calling together such Assembly, and that Member?°to such Wffts shall be directed to the respective Returning Officers of the said Districts, or Counties, or fervTin the Oircles, and Towns or Townships, and that such Writs shall be made returnable within fifty Days at AtfembUe*. fertheft from the Day on which they shall bear Date, unless it shall at any Time be otherwise provided by any Act of the Legislative Council and Assembly of the Province, assented to by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; and that Writs shall in like Manner and Form be issued for the Election of Members in the Oafe of any Vacancy which shall happen by the Death of the Person chosen, or by his being summoned to she Legislative Council of either Province, and that such Writs shall be made returnable within fifty Days at

R 2 fa: the ft

124

Return!^ Officer? to execute Writs.

By whom the Members are to be chosen.

Certain Persons not eligible to the Assembres.

No Person under ai Years of Age, &c. capable of voting or being elected 5

nor any Person attainted for Treafun or Felony.

Voters, if required, to take the following

Oath,

ard to make Oath to the Particulars herein fpc cified.

His Majesty may authorise the Governor to fix the Time and Place of holding

Elections,

and of holding

the Srflions of the Council and Actnbly, &c.

C. 31. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

farthest from the Day on which they shall bear Date, unless it shall at anytime be otherwise provided by any Act of the Legislative Council and Assembly of the Province, afleited to by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; and that in the Case of any such Vacancy which shall happen by the Dea^h of the Person chosen, or by Reason of his being so summoned as aforesaid, the Writ for the Election of a new Member shall be issued within six Days after the same shall be made known to the proper Office for issuing such Writs of Election.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Returning Officers Co appointed as aforesaid, to whom any such Writs as aforesaid shall be directed, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required duly to execute uch Writs.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Members for the several Districts, or Counties, or Circles of the said Provinces respectively, shall be chosen by the Majority of Votes of such Persons as shall severally be possessed, for their own Use and Benefit, of Lands or Tenements within such District, or County, or Circle, as the Case shall be, such Lands being by them held in F reehold, or in Fief, or in Roture, or by Certificate derived under the Authority of the Governor and Council of the Province of Shiebec, and being of the yearly Value of forty Shillings Sterling, or upwards, over and above all Rents and Charges payable out of or in respect of the same; and that the Members for the several Towns or Town ships within the said Provinces respectively shall be chosen by the Majority of Votes of such Persons as either shall severally be possessed, for their own Use and Benefit, of a Dwelling House and Lot of Ground in such Town or Township, such Dwelling House and Lot of Ground being by them held in like Manner as aforesaid, and being of the yearly Value of five Pounds Sterling, or upwards, or, as having been relldent within the said Town or Township for the Space of twelve Calendar Months next before the Date of the Writ of Summons for the Election, shall bona fnlc have paid one Year's Rent for the Dwelling House in which they shall have so resided, at the Rate of ten Pounds Sterling t>cr Annum, or upwards.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of being elected a Member to serve in either of the said Atlemblies, or of fitting of voting the rein, who shall be a Member of either of the said Legislative Councils to be established as aforesaid in the said two Provinces, or who shall be a Minister of the Church of England, or a Minister, Priest, Ecclesiastic, or Teacher, either according to the Rites of the Church of Rome, or under any other Form or Profession of religious Faith or Worship.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of voting at any Election of a Member to serve in such Assembly, in either of the said Provinces, or of being elected at any such Election, who shall not be of the full Age of twenty-one Years, and a natural-born Subject of his Majesty, or a Subject of his Majesty naturalized by Act of the British Parliament, or a Subject of his Majesty, having become such by the Conquest and Cession of the Province of Canada.

XXIII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of voting at any Election of a Member to serve in such Assembly, in either of the Lid Provinces, or of being elected at any such Election, who shall have been attainted for Treason or Felony in any Court of Law within any of his Majesty's Dominions, or who shall be within any Description of Persons disqualified by any Act of the Legislative Council and Assembly of the Province, assented to by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Voter, before he is admitted to give his Vote at any such Election, shall, if required by any of the Candidates, or by the Returning Officer, take the following Oath, which shall be administered in the English or French Language, as the Case may require:

I A.B. do declare and testify, in the Presence of Almighty God, That I am, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, of the full Age of twenty-one Years, and that I have not voted before at this u Election."

And that every such Person shall also, if so required as aforesaid, make Oath previous to his being admitted to vote, that he is, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, duly possessed of such Lands and Tenements, or of such a Dwelling House and Lot of Ground, or that he has bona fide been so resident, and paid such Rent for his Dwelling House, as entitles him, according to the Provisions of this Act, to give his Vote at such Election for the County, or District, or Circle, or for the Town or Township for which he shall offer the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to authorise the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, or Person admi-n ftering the Government within each of the said Provinces respectively, to fix the Time and Place of holding such Elections, giving not less than eight Days Notice of such Time, subject nevertheless to such Provisions as may hereafter be made in these Respects by any Act of the Legislative Council and Assembly of the Province, assented to by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to authorise the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, of each of the said Provinces respectively, or the Person administering the Government therein, to fix the Places and Times of holding the first and every other Session of the Legislative Council and Assembly of such Province, giving due and sufficient Notice thereof, and to prorogue the same, from Time to Time, and to dissolve the same, by Proclamation or otherwise, whenever he shall judge it necessary or expedient*

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Legislative Council and Assembly, in each of the said Provinces, shall be called together once at the lead in every twelve Calendar Months, and that every Assembly shall continue for four Years from the Day of the Return of the Writs for chusing the same, and no longer, subject nevertheless to be sooner prorogued or dissolved by the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the Province, or Person administering his Majesty's Government therein,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Questions which shall arise in the said Legislative Councils or Assemblies respectively shall be decided by the Majority of Voices of such Members as shall be present; and that in all Cases where the Voices shall be equal, the Speaker of such Council or Assembly, as the Case shall be, shall have a calling Voice.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Member, either of the Legislative Council or Assembly, in either of the said Provinces, shall be permitted to fit or to vote therein until he shall have taken and subscribed the following Oath, either before the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of such Province, or Person administering the Government therein, or before some Person or Persons authorised by the said Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, or other Person as aforesaid, to administer such Oath, and that the same shall be administered in the English or French Language, as the Case shall require:

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty u King George, as lawful Sovereign of the Kingdom of Great Britain, and of theie Provinces de-<<r pendant on and belonging to the said Kingdom \ and that I will defend him to the utmost of my Power " against all traiterous Conspiracies and Attempts whatever which shall be made against his Person, Crown, and Dignity; and that I will do my utmost Endeavour to disclose and make known to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, all Treasons and traiterous Conspiracies and Attempts which I shall know to be against him, or any of them: and all this I do swear without any Equivocation, mental Evasion, or secret Reserva-w tion, and renouncing all Pardons and Dispensations from any Person or Power whatever to the contrary,

'So help me GOD."

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Bill which has been passed by the Legislative Council, and by the House of Assembly, in either of the (kid Provinces respectively, shall be presented,'for his Majesty's Assent, to the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of such Province, or to the Person administering his Majesty's Government therein, such Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government, shall, and he is hereby authorised and required to declare, according to his Discretion, but subject nevertheless to the Provisions contained in this Act, and to such Instructions as may from Time to Time be given in that Behalf by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, that he assents to such Bill in his Majesty's Name, or that he with-holds his Majesty's Assent from such Bill, or that he reserves such Bill for the Signification of his Majesty's Pleasure thereon.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Bill, which shall have been so presented for his Majesty's Assent to such Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government, shall, by such Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government, have been assented to in his Majesty's Name, such Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person as aforesaid, shall, and he is hereby required, by the first convenient Opportunity, to transmit to one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State an authentic Copy of such Bill so assented to \ and that it shall and may be lawful, at any Time within two Years after such Bill shall have been so received by such Secretary of State, for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by his or their Order in Council, to declare his or their Disallowance of such Bill, and that such Disallowance, together with a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of such Secretary of State, testifying the Day on which such Bill was received as aforesaid, being signified by such Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government, to the Legislative Council and Assembly of such Province, or by Proclamation, shall make void and annul the same, from and after the Date of such Signification.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Bill, which shall be so reserved for the Signification of his Majesty's Pleasure thereon, shall have any Force or Authority within either of the said Provinces respectively, until the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government, shall signily, either by Speech or Message, to the Legislative Council and Assembly of such Province, or by Proclamation, that such Bill has been laid before his Majesty in Council, and that his Majesty has been pleased toaifentto the same *, and that an Entry shall be made, in the Journals of the said Legislative Council, of every such Speech, Message, or Proclamation; and a Duplicate thereof, duly attested, shall be delivered to the proper Officer, to be kept amongst the publick Records of the Province: And that no such Bill, which shall be so reserved as aforesaid, shall have any Force or Authority within either of the said Provinces respectively, unless his Majesty's Assent thereto shall have been so signified as aforesaid, within the Space of two Years from the Day on which such Bill shall have been presented for his Majesty's Assent to the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government of such Province.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Laws, Statutes, and Ordinances, which shall be in force on the Day to be fixed in the Manner herein-arter directed for the Commencement of this Act, within the said Provinces, or either of them, or in any Part thereof respectively, shall remain and continue to be of the same Force, Authority, and Effect, in each, of the said Provinces respectively, as if this Act had not been made, and as if the said Province of 'uebec had not been divided; except in so far as the same are expressly repealed or varied by this Act, or in io far as the same shall or may hereafter, by virtue of and under the Authority of this Act, be repealed or varied by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

z by

125

Council and Assembly to be called together once in twelve Months, &c.

and all Questions therein to be decided by the Majority of Votes.

No Member to fit or vote till he has taken the following

Oath*

Governor may give or withhold his Majesty's Aflmt to Hills passed by the Lfgiflative Council and Assembly, or reserve them for his Majesty's Pleasure. Governor to transmit to the Secretary of State Copies of such Hills as have been assented to, which his Majesty in Council may declare his Disallowance of within two Years from the Receipt.

Brils reserved for his Majesty's Pleasure not to hive any Force till his (Majesty's Assent be communicated to the Council and Af-icmbjy, &c.

Laws in force at the Commencement of this Act to continue so, except repealed or varied by it, At.

126

EflaMlrtiment of

a Court of Civil JoriH £lion in each Pioviace.

C. 31. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Legislative Councils and Assemblies of the said Provinces respectively, or in so far as the same may be re-6 ealed or varied by such temporary Laws or Ordinances as may be made in the Manner herein-alter specified.

XXXIV. And whereas by an Ordinance passed in the Province of ^h/ebec, the Governor and Council of the said Province were constituted a Court of Civil Jurisdiction, forbearing and determining Appeals in certain Cases therein specified be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government of each of the said Provinces respectively, together with such Executive Council as shall be appointed by his Majesty for the Affairs of such Province, shall be a Court of Civil Jurisdiction within each of the said Provinces respectively, for hearing and determining Appeals within the same, in the like cases, and in the like Manner and Form, and fuhje& to

14 Geo. 3. c *«d

S3.

Instructions of jin. 3* 1775* 10 Sir Guy Carle-ton, &c. and

either of the said Provinces respectively, aiVented to by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

XXXV. And whereas, by the above-mentioned Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it was declared, That the Clergy of the Church of Rome, in the Province of Quebcc, might hold, receive, and enjoy their accustomed Dues and Rights, with respeift to such Persons only as should profess the said Religion; provided nevertheless, that it should be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to make such Provision out of the rest of the said accustomed Dues and Rights, for the Encouragement of the Protestant Religion, and for the Maintenance and Support of a Protestant Clergy with* 4 in the said Province, as he or they should from Time to Time think necessary and expedient: And whereas by his Majesty's Royal Instructions, given under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual on the third Day of

Instructions *0 Sir Frededick Haldimand, *nd to Lord Dor-chcAcr, recited }

and the tecla-ration and t^ro-

viftons therein re petting tl e Clergy of the Church of Rome to con.inue in force.

His Majely* HktTge to Parliament recited.

cumbcnt professing the Religion of the Church of Rente, appointed to any Parish in the said Province, should be entitled to receive any Tythes for Lands or Pol ft (lions occupied by a Protestant, but that such Tythes should be received by such Persons as the said Guy Carleton, Esquire, his Majesty's Captain General and Governor in Chief in and over his Majesty's said Province of Quebec, should appoint, and should be reserved in the Hands of his Majesty's Receiver General of the said Province, for the Support of a Protestant Clergy in his Majesty's laid Province, to be actually resident within the same, and not otherwise, according to such Directions as the said Guy Carleton Esquire, his Majesty's Captain General and Governor in Chief in and over his Majesty's said Province, should receive from his Majesty in that Behalf; and that in like Manner all growing Rents and Profits of a vacant Benefice should, during such Vacancy, be reserved for and applied to the like Uses And whereas his Majesty's Pleasure has like- wife been signified to the same Effect in his Majesty's Royal Instructions, given in like Manner to Sir Frederick Hal dim and, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, late his Majesty's Captain General and Governor in Chief in and over his Majesty's said Province of Quebec; and also in his Majesty's Royal Instructions, given in like Manner to the said Right Honourable Guy Lord Dorchester, now hs Majesty's Captain General and Governor in Chief in and over his Majesty's said Province of Quebec * be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Declaration and Provision contained in the said above-mentioned Act, and also the said Provision so made by his Majesty in conference thereof, by his In-struiftions above recited, shall remain and continue to be of full Force and Effect in each of the said two Provinces of Upper Canada and Lower Canada respectively, except in so far as the said Declaration or Provisions respectively, or any Part thereof, shall be expressly varied or repealed by any Act or Acts which may be pa fled by the Legiflutive Council and Assembly of the said Provinces reflectively, and afiented to by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under the Restriction herein-afeer provided.

XXXVI. And whereas his Majesty has been graciously pleated, by Message to both Houses of Parliament, to exprtfs his Royal Desire to be enabled to make a jx-rmanent Appropriation of Lands in the said Provinces, for the Supportand Maintenance ot a Protestant Clergy within the same, in Proportion to such Lands as have been already granted within the same by his Majesty: And whereas his Majesty has been

Proportion to such Increase as may happen in the Population and Cultivation thereof:' Therefore, for the Purpose of more effectually fulfilling his Majesty's gracious Intentions as aforesaid, and of providing for the His Majesty may due Execution of the same in all Time to come, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and authorise 1 bcGo- may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to authorize the Governor or Lieutenant Governor

vernor to make Allotments of Lar ds for the Support of a Protestant Ckrgy in each Province s

may _ ________

of each of the said Provinces respectively, or the Person administering the Government therein, to make, from and out of the Lands of the Crown within such Provinces, such Allotment and Appropriation of Lands, for the Support and Maintenance of a Protestant Clergy within the same, as may bear a due Proportion to the Amount of such Lands within the same as have at any Lime been granted by or under the Authority of his Majesty; and that whenever any Grant of Lands within either of the said Provinces shall hereafter be made, by or under the Authority of his Majesty, his Elcirs or Successors, there shall at the same Time be made, in respect of the same, a proportionable Allotment and Appropriation of Lands for the above-mentioned Purpose, within the Township or Parish to which such Lands so to be granted shall appertain or be annexed, or as nearly adjacent thereto as Circumstances will admit; and that no such Grant shall be valid or effectual unless the same shall contain a Specification of the Lands so allotted and appropriated, in

127

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 31.

respect: of the Lands to be thereby granted; and that such Lands, so allotted and appropriated, shall be, as nearly as the Circumstances and Nature of the Case will admit, of the like Quality as the Lands in respect: of which the same are so allotted and appropriated, and shall be, as nearly as the same can be estimated at the Time of making such Grant, equal in Value to the seventh Part of the Lands so granted.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Rents, Profits, or Emoluments, which may at any Time arise from such Lands so allotted and appropriated as aforesaid, shall be applicable solely to the Maintenance and Support of a Protestant Clergy within the Province in which the same shall be situated, and to no other Use or Purpose whatever.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to authorise the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of each of the said Provinces respectively, or the Person administering the Government therein, from Time to Time, with the Advice of such Executive Council as shall have been appointed by his Majesty, his Pleirs or Successors, within such Province, for the Affairs thereof, to constitute and erect, within every Township or Parish which now is or hereafter may be formed, constituted, or erected within such Province, one or more Parsonage or Rectory, or Parsonages or Redories, according to the Establishment of the Church of England; and, from Time to Time, by an Instrument under the Great Seal of such Province, to endow every such Parsonage or Rectory with so much or such Part of the Lands so allotted and appropriated as aforesaid, in respect of any Lands within such Township or Parish, which shall have been granted subsequent to the Commencement of this Act, or of such Lands as may have been allotted and appropriated for the same Purpose, by or in virtue of any Instruction which may be given by his Majesty, in respect of any Lands granted by his Majesty before the Commencement of this Act, as such Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government, shall, with the Advice of the said Executive Council, judge to be expedient under the then existing Circumstances of such Township or Pariftt.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to authorise the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government of each of the said Provinces respectively, to present to every such Parsonage or Rectory an Incumbent or Minister of the Church of England, who shall have been duly ordained according to the Rites of the said Church, and to supply from Time to Time such Vacancies as may happen therein; and that every Person so presented to any such Parsonage or Rectory, shall hold and enjoy the same, and all Rights, Profits, and Emoluments thereunto belonging or granted, as fully and amply, and in the same Manner, and on the same Terms and Conditions, and liable to the Performance of the same Duties, as the Incumbent of a Parsonage or Rectory in England.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Presentation of an Incumbent or Minister to any such Parsonage or Rectory, and also the Enjoyment of any such Parsonage or Rectory, and of the Rights, Profits, and Emoluments thereof, by any such Incumbent or Mi-nifter, shall be subject and liable to all Rights of Institution, and all other Spiritual and Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction and Authority, which have been lawfully granted by his Majesty's Royal Letters Patent to the Bishop of Nova Scotia, or which may hereafter, by his Majesty's Royal Authority, be lawfully granted or appointed to be administered and executed within the said Provinces, or either of them respectively, by the said Bishop of Nova Scotia, or by any other Person or Persons, according to the Laws and Canons of the Church of England, which are lawfully made and received in England-

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Provisions herein-before contained, respecting the Allotment and Appropriation of Lands for the Support of a Protestant Clergy within the said Provinces, and also respecting the constituting, erecting, and endowing Parsonages or Redories within the said Provinces, and also respecting the Presentation of Incumbents or Ministers to the same, and also respecting the Manner in which such Incumbents or Ministers shall hold and enjoy the same, shall be subject to be varied or repealed by any express Provisions for that Purpose, contained in any Act or Acts which may be passed by the Legislative Council and Assembly of the said Provinces respectively, and assented to by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under the Restriction herein after provided.

XLII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Act or Acts shall be passed by the Legislative Council and Assembly of either of the said Provinces, containing any Provisions to vary or repeal the above-recited Declaration and Provision contained in the said Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; or to vary or repeal the above-recited Provision contained in his Majesty's Royal lnftrudions, given on the third Day of January, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, to the said Guy Carleton, Esquire, now Lord Dorchester \ or to vary or repeal the Provisions herein-before contained for continuing the Force and Effect of the said Declaration and Provisions; or to vary or repeal any of the several Provisions herein-before contained respecting the Allotment and Appropriation of Lands for the Support of a Protestant Clergy within the said Provinces; or respecting the constituting, erecting, or endowing Parsonages or Redories within the said Provinces *, or respecting the Presentation of incumbents or Ministers to the same; or respecting the Manner in which such Incumbents or Ministers shall hold and enjoy the lame: And also that whenever any Act or Acts shall be so passed, containing any Provisions which shall in any Manner relate to or acted the Enjoyment or Exercise of any religious Form or Mode of Worship; or shall impose or create any Penalties, Burthens, DLiabilities, or Disqualifications in respect of the same; or shall in any Manner relate to or acted the Payment, Recovery, or Enjoyment of any of the accustomed Dues or Rights herein-before mentioned; or shall in any Manner relate to the granting, imposing, *or recovering any other Dues, or Stipends, or Emoluments

whatever,

and the Rents arising from such Allotments to be applicable to that Purpose

solely.

His Majesty may authorise the Governor, with the Advice of the Executive Council, to ered Parsonages, and endow them3

and the Cover* nor to present Incumbents to them, who are to enjoy the same as Incumbents in England.

Presentations to Parsonages, and the Enjoyment of them, to be subject to the Jurisdiction granted to the Bishop of Nov* Scotia, &c.

Provisions respecting the All lotment of Lands for the Support of a Protestant Clergy, &c. may be varied or repealed by the Legislative Council and Assembly.

Acts of the Legilbtive Council and Assembly, containing Provisions to the Effect herein mentioned, to be laid before Parliament, previ* otis t«> receiving his Majesty's Allentj &c.

428 C. 31. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

L.'nds in Upper Canada to be granted in Free and Common Soccage, and also in Lower Canada if desired.

Persons holding Lands in Upper C.rnada may have fresh Grants,

Such fresh Grants not to har any Right or Title to the Lands,

18 Geo. 3. c. 12. recited.

This Act not to prevent the Operation of any Act of Parliament, eilabiithing Prohibitions or irn-posing Duties for th" Regulation of Navigation and Commerce, &c.

whatever, to be paid to or for the Use of any Minister, Pried, Ecclesiastic, or Teacher, according to any religious Form or Mode of Worship, in respect of his said Office or Function; or shall in any Manner relate to or aftedt the Establishment or Discipline of the Church of England, amongst the Ministers and Members thereof within the said Provinces; or shall in any Manner relate to or affect the King's Prerogative touching the granting the Waste Lands of the Crown within the said Provinces; every such Act or Acts shall, previous to any Declaration or Signification of the King's Assent thereto, be laid before both Houses of Parliament in Great Britain; and that it shall not be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to signify his or their Allent to any such Act or Acts, until thirty Days after the same shall have been laid before the said Houses, or to assent to any such Act or Acts, in calc either House of Parliament shall, within the said thirty Days, address his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to withhold his or their Assent from such Act or Acts; and that no such Act shall be valid or effectual to any of the said Purposes, within either of the said Provinces, unless the Legislative Council and Assembly of such Province shall, in the Session in which the lame shall have been passed by them, have presented to the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government of such Provinoe, an Address or Addresses, specifying that such Adicontains Provisions forfome of the said Purposes herein-before specially described, and desiring that, in order to give Effect to the same, such Act should be transmicded to England without Delay, for the Purpose of being laid before Parliament previous to the Signification of his Majesty's Assent thereto.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Lands which shall be hereafter granted within the said Province of Upper Canada shall be granted in Free and Common Soccage, in like Manner as Lands are now holden in Free and Common Soccage, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and that in every Case where Lands shall be hereafter granted within the said Province of Loner Canada, and where the Grantee thereof shall desire the same to be granted in Free and Common Soccage, the same shall be so granted; but subject nevertheless to such Alterations, with respect to the Nature and Consequences of such Tenure of Free and Common Soccage, as may be established by any Law or Law's which may be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Legislative Council and Assembly of the Province.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons holding any Lands in the said Province of Upper Canada, by virtue of any Certificate of Occupation derived under the Authority of the Governor and Council of the Province of Quebec, and having Power and Authority to alienate the same, shall at any Time, from and after the Commencement of this Act, surrender the same into the Hands of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by Petition to the Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government of the said Province, setting forth that he, she, or they is or are desirous of holding the same in Free and Common Soccage, such Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government, shall thereupon cause a fresh Grant to be made to such Person or Persons of such Lands, to be holden in Free and Common Soccage.

XLV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Surrender and Grant shall not avoid or bar any Right or Title to any such Lands lo surrendered, or any Interest in the lame, to which any Person or Persons, other than the Person or Persons surrendering the same, shall have been entitled, either in Possession, Remainder, or Reversion, or otherwise, at the Time of such Surrender; but that every such Surrender and Grant shall be made subject to every such Right, Title, and Interest, and that every such Right, Title, or Interest shall be as valid and cfledlual as if such Surrender and Grant had never been made.

XLVI. And whereas by an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for removing all Doubts and Apprehensions concerning Taxation by the Parliament of Great Britain, in any of the Colonies, Provinces, and Plantations in North America, and the West Indies; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as />;?-4 poses a Duty on Tea imported from Great Britain into any Colony or Plantation in America, or relates ihcretoy it has bent declared, That the King and Parliament of Great Britain will not impose any Duty, Tax, or Assessment whatever, payable in any of his Majesty's Colonies, Provinces, and Plantations in North America or the ITefl Indies, except only such Duties as it may be expedient to impose for the Regulation of Commerce, the net Produce of such Duties to be always paid and applied to and for the Use of the Colony, Province, or Plantation in which the same shall be respectively levied, in such Manner as other Duties collected by the Authority of the respective General Courts or General Assemblies of such Colonies, Provinces, or Plantations, are ordinarily paid and applied:" And whereas it is necessary, for the general Benefit of the British Empire, that such Power of Regulation of Commerce should conti- nue to be exercised by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the Parliament of Great Britain, fub- jedl nevertheless to the Condition herein-before recited, with respect to the Application of any Duties which may be imposed for that Purpose:' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or affect the Execution of any Law which hath been or shall at any Time be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the Parliament of Great Britain, for establishing Regulations or Prohibitions, or for imposing, levying, or collecting Duties for the Regulation of Navigation, or for the Regulation of the Commerce to be carried on between the said two Provinces, or between either of the said Provinces and any other Part of his Majesty's Dominions, or between either of the said Provinces and any foreign Country or State, or for appointing and directing the Payment of Drawbacks of such Duties so imposed, or to give to his Majesty^ his Heirs or Successors, any Power or Authority, by and with the Advice and Consent of such Legislative Councils and Assemblies respectively, to vary or repeal any such Law or Laws, or any Part thereof, or in any Manner to prevent or obstruct the Execution thereof.

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 32.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the net Produce of all Duties Which shall be so imposed shall at all Times hereafter be applied to and for the Use of each of the said Provinces respectively, and in such Manner only as shall be directed by any Law or Laws which may be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Legislative Council and Assembly of such Province.

XLVIII. 'And whereas, by Reason of the Distance of the said Provinces from this Country, and of the Change to be made by this Act in the Government thereof, it may be necessary that there should be some Interval of Time between the Notification of this Act to the said Provinces respectively, and the Day of its Commencement within the said Provinces reflectively lie it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to fix and declare, or to authorise the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the Province of Quebec, or the Person administering the Government there, to fix and declare the Day of the Commencement of this Act within the said Provinces respectively, provided that such Day shall not be lafrr than the thirty-first Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

XLtX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Time to be fixed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or under his or their Authority, by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government in each of the said Provinces respectively, for ifilling the Writs of Summons and Election, and calling together the Legislative Councils and Assemblies of each of the said Provinces reflectively, shall not be later than the thirty-first Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during such Interval as may happen between the Commencement of this Act, within the said Provinces respectively, and the first Meeting of the Legislative Council and Assembly of each of the said Provinces respectively, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of such Province, or for the Person administering the Government therein, with the Consent of the major Part of such Executive Council as shall be appointed by his Majesty for the Affairs of such Province, to make temporary Laws and Ordinances for the good Government, Peace, and Welfare of such Province, in the same Manner, and under the same.Restrictions, as such Laws or Ordinances might have been made by the Council for the Affairs of the Province of Stnebec, constituted by virtue of the above mentioned Act of the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and that such temporary Laws or Ordinances shall be valid and binding within such Province, until the Expiration of six Months after the Legislative Council and Assembly of such Province shall have been first assembled by virtue of and under the Authority of this Act; subject nevertheless to be sooner repealed or varied by any Law or Laws which may be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice and Consent of the said Legislative Council and Assembly.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject.

WHEREAS, by divers Laws now in force, divers Penalties and Disabilities have been imposed on Papists or Persons professing the Popish Religion, or holding Communion with the See of Rome, and their Children, and certain Principles have been attributed to them which are dangerous to Society and civil Liberty, and which they are willing to disclaim: And whereas it is expedient that such Persons as shall take the Oath of Allegiance, Abjuration, and Declaration herein after mentioned, shall be relieved from some of the Penalties and Disabilities aforesaid May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, it shall be lawful for Persons professing the Roman Catholick Religion personally to appear in any of his Majesty's Courts of Chancery, King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, at West?iunjicr, or in any Court of General Quarter Sessions of and for the County, City, or Place, where such Person shall rclide, and there, in open Court, between the Hours of nine in the Morning and two in the Afternoon, take, make, and subscribe the following Declaration and Oath \ videlicet,

J A\ B. do hereby declare, That I do profess the Roman Catholick Religion."

T A\ B. do sincerely prorrrife and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty A King George the Third, and him will defend to the utmost of my Power against all Con (piracies and Attempts whatever that shall be made against his Person, Crown, or Dignity; and I will do my utmost Endeavour todifclofe and make known to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all reasons and trauerous Conspiracies which may be formed against him or them: And I do faithfully promise to maintain, support, and defend, to the utmost of my Power, the Succession of the Crown; which Succession, by an Act, intituled, Afl for the further Limitation of the Crown, and betterfe curing the Rights and Liberties of the Sub~

jiff, is and {lands limited to the Princess Sophia Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Heirs 31 Geo. JII. S " ft

I 29

Such D jties to be ipcliej totl.c UP re-

fpcc''v: Province*.

His M jrfly mi Council 10 li* and declare ihe Comm-norm ;nt of this Act, &c.

Time for issuing the Writs of Summons and El;£ian, &c. not to be later than Dee. 31, 1792.

Between the Commencement of thi' t\£tj and the first M-et;ng of the Legiflitive Council and Assembly, temporary Laws may be tfcade.

[Preamble.]

Roman Ca'ho-licks may unite the following Declaration and Oath, whi:b are to re r.ain In the Court of Record where mace.

Dec brati. r.

Oath.

13° C. 32. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

of her Body, being Protestants *, hereby utterly renouncing 3nd abjuring any Obedience or Allegiance unto any other Person claiming or pretending a Right to the Crown of theic Realms: And I do swear, That I 44 do reject and detest, as an unchritlian and impious Position, that it is lawful to murder or destroy any Per-4< son or Persons whatsoever, for or under Pretence of th.ir being Hereticks or Infidels; and alto that un- christrian and impious Principle, that Faith is not to be kept with Hereticks or Inhdels: And I further declare. That it is not an Article of my Faith, and that 1 do renounce, reject, arul abjure the Opinion, that Princes excommunicated by the Pope and Council, or any Authority of the See of Rome, or by any Authority whatsoever, may be deposed or murdered by their Subjects, or any Person whatsoever: And I do promise, that I will not hold, maintain, or abet such Opinion, or any other Opinions contrary to what is expressed in this Declaration: And I do declare. That I do not believe, that the Pope of Rome^ or any other foreign Prince, Prelate, State, or Potentate, hath, or ought to hiqe, any temporal or civil Jurisdiction, 44 Power, Superiority, or Pre-eminence, directly or indirectly, within this Realm: And I do Iblemnly* 44 in the Presence of (jod, profess, testify, and declare that I do make thi> Declaration, and every Part thereof, 44 in the plain and ordinary Sense of the Words of this Oath, without any Kvafion, Equivocation, or mental Reservation whatever; and without any Dispensation already granted by the Pope, or any Authority of the See of Rome, or any Person whatever; and without thinking that I am or can be acquitted before God or Man, or absolved of this Declaration, or any Part thereof, although the Pope or any other Person or Authority whatsoever shall dispense with or annul the same, or declare that it was null or void.

So help me GOD."

Officer of tbt Con*? to deliver Cettifica'e* of ti.e Drclara* oa and Oaih h»v-5n« bten m^dr, u hich shall be futficunt Evidence.

Which said Declaration and Oath shall be subscribed by the Person taking and making the same with the Name at Length, if such Person can write, or with his Mark, the Name being written by the Officer, where such Person cannot write, such Person or such Odicer, as the Case may be, adding the Title, Addition and Place of Abode, of such Person, and shall remain in such Court of Record: And the proper Officer of such Court respectively, with whom the Custody of such Record shall remain, shall make, subscribe, and deliver a Certificate of such Declaration and Oath having been duly made, taken, and (ubicribed, to the Person who shall havefo made, taken, and subscribed the same, if the same shall be demanded, immediately, for which Certificate there shall be paid no greater Fee or Reward than two Shillings; and such Certincate, upon Proof of the Certifier's Hand, and that he acted as such Officer, shall be competent and sufficient Evidence of such Persons having duly made, taken, and subscribed such Declaration and Oath, unless the time shall be faifihed.

Liih of the Per.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Officer with whom such Records are kept as aforesaid shall, frniwho shall yearly, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December, transmit to the Clerk of his Majesty's moil honour-hive t>km the able prjVy Council, Lists of the Persons, with their Titles, Additions, and Places of Abode, who shall have o»th ohetrjnr- aje ancj fat>i'cribed such Declaration and Oath in the preceding Year.

muted to the r. 0

Cl-ikof the Pi ivy Council annually.

2 Ei‘z- c.

13 Pile. c. 1.; 29 El z. c. 6. j

35EU2. c. 2.;

a (wilgo 1)

J-c. 1. c. 4.;

3 J»c. 1. c. 4.;

3 Jac. I. C. 5.; »t>d

7 Jac. I. c. 6.

vctaicd.

No Ronr to Ca-iholUk v*bo. Rail have taken the Oath appointed, to be pcofecoted for not retorting to tome Pai Kh ttfcuffh, *c.

III. And whereas, by an Act passed in thefirft Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth,

intituled, An Act for the Uniformity of Common Prayer and Service of the Church, and Administration of the Sacraments; and by several other Acts, namely, an Act passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, intituled, An Act to retain the Qgteen's Majesty's Subjects in their due Obedience ai\

Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of her find late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the,

more Jpealy and due Execution of certain Branches tf the Statute ? made in the twenty-third Year of the Queen's Majf/y's Reign, intituled, An Act to retain the Queen's Majesty's Subjects in their due Obedience ;M 4 an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for refraining*of 4 Popish Rea farts to some certain Places of Abode; an Act passed in the second, or, as it is commonly cal- led, in the hrft Year of tlreReign of his late Majesty King James the First, intituled, An Act for the due ' 4 Execution of the Statutes against Jesuits, Seminary Priejls, Recusants, &c-; an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King James the First, intituled, An Act for the better discover- ing and reprefing Popish Recusants; an Act passed in the said third Year of his fard late Majesty King James the First, intituled, An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers which may grour by Popish Recusants

and an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King James the First, intituled, An Act for administering the Oath of Allegiance and R formation in married fVomen, Recusants; all Persons are required to resort to their Parish Church or Chapel, or some usual Place where the Common Prayer shall be used, upon Pain of incurring the Punishments and Disabilities in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and also are liable to Prosecution and Penalties for keeping or having in their Houses any Ser- vant or other Person not so referring:* Now be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred ai>d ninety-one, no Person professing the Roman Catholicrk Religion, who shall take and subscribe the Oath herein-before appointed to be taken and subscribed, shall be convicted or prosecuted upon, or shall be liable ro be prosecuted upon, the said last recited Statutes, or any of them, or upon any ot)K*r Statute, or any other Law of this Realm, by Indictment, Information, Action of Debt, or otforwile, or shall be prosecuted in any Ecclesiastical Court, for not referring or repairing to his or her Parish Church or Chapel, or some other usual Place of Common Prayer, to hear Divine Service* an<l join in public Worship according to the Forms and Rites of the Church of England, as by Law established, or for keeping or having any Servant or other Person, being a Papist, or reputed Papist, or Perl son profiling the Popish Religion, who shall not so resort or repair to his or her Parish Church or Chapef or some such other usual Place ft Common Prayer as aforesaid.

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 32.

IV. And whereas, by several Acts, namely, the said Act passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of f her said late Majesty Queen Elizabeth; an Act padetl in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, intituled, An Act against Jesuits, Seminary Prie/ls, and other fuel? like disobedient Per fins \

the said Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Elizabeth; the said Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King James the First; the said second mentioned Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King James the First; 4; an Act passed in the third year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the First, intituled, An Act ‘ to refrain the paffng of any to le popishly bred beyond the Seas; and an Act passed in die twenty-fifth Year of the ‘Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Rccnfunts\ Papills, reputed Papists, Persons professing or educated in the Popish Religion, ‘ Popish Recusants, Popish Recusants Convict, Persons reconciled to or holding Communion with the c See of Rome, Popish Bishops, Priests, or Deacons, Persons entering or belonging to any Ecclesmstical Order or Community of the Church of Rome, Persons hearing or saying Mass, or being present at, or conforming to, or performing or observing any Rite, Ceremony, Practice, or Observance of the Church of ‘ Rome, or maintaining or assisting others therein, are made subject to the Punishments, Penalties, and Difia- bilities therein mentioned :9 Now be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, no Person who shall take and subscribe the Oath hereinbefore appointed to be taken and subscribed in Manner hereby required, shall be presented, indicted. Hied, impeached, prosecuted, or convicted, in any Civil or Ecclesiastical Court of this Realm, for being a Papist, or reputed Papist, or for professing or being educated in the Popish Religion, or for hearing or saying iViafs, or for being a Priest or Deacon, or entering or belonging to any Ecclesiastical Order or Community of the Church of Romey or for being present at, or performing or observing any Rite, Ceremony, Practice or Observance of the Popish Religion, or maintaining oraflifting others therein.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Place of Congregation, or Assembly for religious Worship, shall be permitted or allowed by this Act, until the Place of such Meeting shall be certified to the

iJustices of the Peace, at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, City, or Place in which uch Meeting shall be held, and until the Place of such Meeting shall be recorded at the said General or Quarter Sessions; the Clerk of the Peace u hereof is hereby required to record the same, and to give a Certificate thereof to such Person as shall demand the same, for which there shall be no greater Fee or Reward taken than the Sum of six Pence; and that no Person in holy Orders, or pretended hoiy Orders, whether as Priest or as a Minister of any other higher Rank or Order, shall perform any ecclesiastical Function, or otherwise officiate in any such Place of Meeting, until his Name, and his Description, as a Priest or Mini Her, shall have been recorded at the Quarter or other General Scliion of the Peace for the County, or other Division, or Place, in which such Place of Meeting shall be situate, by the Clerk of the Peace of the said Court; who is hereby required to record such Name and Description accordingly, upon Demand by such Person, and upon Payment of six Pence as a Fee or Reward, and shall give a Certificate thereof to such Person as shall from Time to Time demand the same, for which Certificate no greater Fee or Reward shall be taken than two Shillings; and no Priest or Minister of any Rank, in holy Orders, or pretended holy Orders, who shall officiate in any such Place of Meeting, not so recorded as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be within the Benefit of this Act, for any Purpose whatsoever.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Assembly of Persons professing the Roman Catholick Religion shall be had in any Place for religious Worship, with the Doors locked, barred, or bolted during any Time of such meeting together, all and every Person and Persons, who shall come to or be at such Meeting, shall not receive any Benefit from this Law; but, notwithstanding having taken the aforesaid Oath of Allegiance, Abjuration, and Declaration, shall, from the Time of Conviction, be liable to the same Pains and Penalties, lor such their Meeting, as if this Act had not been made.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person professing the Roman Catholick Religion shall hereafter be chosen or otherwise appointed to bear the Office of High Constable or Petty Constable, Chuchwarden, Over-seer of the Poor, or any other Parochial or Ward Office, and such Person mall scruple to take upon him any of the said Offices, in regard of the Oaths or any other Matter or Thing required by the Law to be taken or done in respect of such Office, every such Person shall and may execute such Office or Employment by a sufficient Deputy by him to be provided that shall comply with the Laws in this Behalf; but the said Deputy shall be allowed and approved by such Person or Persons, in such Manner as such Officer or Officers respectively should by Law have been allowed and approved.

VIII. And bc.it further enacted, That every Priest, or other Person in holy Orders, or pretended holy 'Orders, being a Minister, Teacher, or Preacher of any Congregation of Pci Ions professing the Roman Catholick Religion, who shall take and subscribe the aforesaid Oath of Allegiance, Abjuration, and Declaration, in Manner herein-before prescribed, shall from thenceforth be exempted from serving upon any Jury, or from being chosen or appointed to bear the Office of Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, or any other Parochial or Ward Office, or other Office, in any Hundred of any Share, City, Town, Parish, Division, or Wapentake.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Laws made and provided for the frequenting of divine Service on the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday, shall be Hill in force, and executed against all Persons who shall offend against the said Laws, unless such Persons shall come to forne Congregation or A1 -fembly of religious Worlhfp permitted by this Act, or by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesies P rot fa fit Subjects, disfenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws.

*3*

23 Eli*, c. 1. j

27 Eliz. c. 2.; 35 Eliz. c. 1.;

(vu>g,) r)

Jzc. i. c 4.;

3 JJC 5- i

3 Ciir. 1. c. z. and

25 Car. 2, c. 2. recited.

No Fe*T»n who (h-*II haveuken the appointed Oath profeiu-table for being a Papist, &c.

No Assembly for religions Worship allowed under this Act till it Gull be certified to the C^iaiter Sessionf, &c.;

nor any Perf m to perform any ecclesiastical Function therein, until his Name, &c le recorded by tl*e Clerk of the Peace.

Nn such Pheeof Assembly to be locked durir g the Meeting,

Roman Catho-lit ks may execute the Offite 0* Cor.liable, &c* by Deputy,

Minister of any Roman Citno-lick Congregation who shall take the aforesaid Oath, exempted trom fervmgonjurie;, &c.

Laws for frequenting of divine Service to continue in forte.

C. 32. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons do and shall, willingly and of Purpose, maliciously or eontemptuously come into any Place of Congregation, or Airembly of religious Worship, permitted by this Act, and disquiet or disturb the same, or mifuie any Pried, Minister, Preacher, or Teacher therein, such Person or Persons, upon Proof thereof before any justice of the Peace, by two or more sufficient Witnesses, shall find two Sureties of the Peace, to be bound, by Recognizance, in the penal Sum of fifty Pounds, and, in Default of such Sureties, shall be committed to Prison, there to remain till the next General or Quarter Session, and, upon Condition of the said Offence, at the said General or Quarter Session, shall suffer the Pain and Penalty of twenty Pound?, to the Use of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.'

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Benefit in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Roman Catholick Ecclesustick permitted by this Act, who shall officiate in any Place of Congregation or Assembly for religious Worship permitted by this A cl, with a Steeple and Bell, or at any Funeral in any Church or Church-yard, or who shall exercise ary of the Rites or Ceremonies of his. Religion, or wear the Habits uf his Order, lave within some Palace of Congregation or Assembly for religious Wodhip permitted by this Act, or in a private House, where there shall not be more than five Persons assembled, besides tnofe of the Household, or who shall not previously to his so officiating or exercising his Functions as aforesaid have taken and subscribed the Oath of Allegiance, Abjuration, and Declaration hereby appointed to be taken as aforesaid.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any such Person professing the Roman Catholick Religion, from paying Tythes or other Parochial Duties, or any other Duties to the Church or Minister, or from any Prosecutionin any Ecclesiastical Court, or elsewhere, for the same; or to repeal any Part of the Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages, or

a. c. 33. any Parts of any other Statutes concerning Marriages; or to give any Case, Benefit, or Advantage to any Person who shall, by Preaching, Teaching, or Writing, deny or gainsay the Oath of Allegiance, Abjuration, and Declaration, herein-before mentioned and appointed to be taken as aforesaid, or the Declarations or Doctrines therein contained, or any of them; or to repeal or effect any Law now in force concerning the Right or Succession to, or the Limitation of, the Crown.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ecclesiastick or other Person professing the Roman Catholick Religion, who shall take and subscribe the Oath of Allegiance, Abjuration, and Declaration, herein-before mentioned and appointed to be taken and subscribed as aforesaid, shall be prosecuted irr any Court whatsoever, for teaching and instruciing Youth, as a Tutor or Schoolmaster, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, That no Person professing the Roman Catholick Religion shall obtain or hold the Mastership of any College or School of Royal Foundation, or of any other endowed College or School for the Education of Youth, or shall keep a School in either of the Universuies of Oxford and Cam~ bridge

Penalty <m Persons ditturbing Congregation*, or miluttng Prieto.

Act not to extend to Roman Catholick Ec-tlefiatticks in certain Cal s j

nor to exempt Roman I at ho* lick* from paying Ty;hes,&c.$ por to repeal any Fait of 26 Geo.

*c.

Ko Roman Catholick who shall take the appointed Oath profee utable for teaching Youth}

bpt no Roman Catholick to hold the Matter*

/hip of any College or Schcol of Royal Foundation, 8tc,

No Roman Catholick School-matter to educate in his School any Child ol a Protestant Father }

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no School-matter professing the Roman Catholick Religion shall receive into his School, for Education, the Child of any Protestant Father.

nor to keep a Schcol until his Name, Sec, shall have be-rn recorded by the Clerk of the Peace.

No rcl!g:otis Or»!er, &c. to be founded by Roman Catholicks, &c.

1 Eliz. c. i.

3 j«. 1. c. 4.

1 Ouli Sc Mar. led. i. c. 8.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person professing the Reman Catholick Religion shall be permitted to keep a School for the Education of Youth, until his or her Name and Description as a Roman Catholick School-master or School-mistress shall have been recorded at the Quarter or General Session of the Peace for the County or other Division or Place where such School shall be situated, by the Clerk of the Peace of the said Court, who is hereby required to record such Name and Description accordingly, upon Demand by such Person, and to give a Certificate thereof to such Person as shall at any Time demand the same; and no Person offending in the Premises shall receive any Benefit of this Act.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall make it lawful to found, endow, or establish any religious Order or Society of Persons bound by monaltick or religious Vows, or to found, endow, or establishany School, Academy, or College, by Persons professing the Roman Catholick Religion, within tliele Realms, or die Dominions thereunto belonging; and that all Uses, Trulls, and Dispositions, whether of real or personal Property, which immediately before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, shall be deemed to be luperilitious or unlawful, shall continue to be so deemed and taken,'any thing in this Act contained notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas by an Act, made in the firtt Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act to restore to the Crown the ancient Jurisdiction over the If ate, ecclesiajlical and Jpintita!) and abolishing all foreign Powers repugnant to the Jame^ the Persons therein mentioned were made compellable to take the Oath therein mentioned, commonly called The Oath of Supremacy: And whereas7by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King James the First, Intituled, An Act for the better discovering and rcprejfing Popish Recufmits, another Oath, commonly called The Oath of Allegiance or Obedience, was required to betaken by the Persons therein mentioned: And whereas by an Act made in the first Session of the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queei* 4 Mary, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other 5 4 Oaths%

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 32. 133

Oaths, the said Oaths, so required by the said Acts of the first of Elizabeth and the third of James the First, were abrogated, and a new Oath of Allegiance, and a new Oath of Supremacy, were introduced and required to be taken: And whereas by an Adr made in the second Session of the first Year of the Reign 1 of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's T Geo. 1. ftfT.

1 Person and Government, and the Succrjfon of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being 2. c. 13.

1 Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret c Abettors, amongst other Oaths thereby appointed to be taken, one is an Oath of Supremacy, in the same*

‘ Words as the Oath of Supremacy required by the said recited Act of the first Session of the first Year of King 1 William and Queen Mary: And whereas, under the Provisions of the said two last recited Acts, Per- Tons in general are liable to have the Oath of Supremacy therein mentioned tendered to them, and are ex- posed to Penalties for not taking such Oath when tendered, as is required by the said two last recited Acts respectively: And whereas by the said Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King Charles the Second, there is contained a Declaration, commonly called The Declaration against Perr°n to be Tra f.djlanticii:n f be it further enacted, That, from and after the find twenty-fourth Day of June one ^thToaUi thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, no Per foil shall be summoned to take the Oath and make the Decla- squired by 1 ration above mentioned, or be prosecuted for not obeying such Summons. Gui & Mar.

fe(T. 1, c. 8.; cr the DecLra ion required by 25 Car. i. c. 1. 5

XIX. And be it also enacted, Thatvfrom and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven nor 1 Cuband hundred and ninety-one, the Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of their Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the removing Papists, and reputed Papists, from the Cities of London Roman Ca?ho-and Westminster, shall not extend, or be deemed, taken, or construed to extend, to any Person professing the licks who have Roman Catholick Religion, who shall take and subscribe the Oath of Allegiance, Abjuration, and Declaration, taken the ap. herein before anointed to be taken and subscribed. pointed Oath.

XX. And whereas by a Clause in an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles 3oCar* * Stat. 4 the Second, intituled, An Act for the ?norc effectual preserving the King's Person and Government, by dif-. 5> rc"

abling Papists from fitting in either House of Parliament, it was enacted, That, amongst: other Persons

therein described, every Peer of the Realm of England^ and Member of the House of Pqers, and every Peer of the Kingdom of Scotland or of the Kingdom of Ireland, being of the Age of one-and-twenty Years or upwards, not having taken the Oaths and Declaration therein mentioned, and who should come advisedly into or remain in the Presence of the King's Majesty or Queen's Majesty, or should come into the Court or House where they or any of them reliJe, as Weji during the Reign of his then Majesty, as during the Reigns of any his royal Successors, Kings or Queens of England, should incur all the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures,

and Disabilities in the said Act mentioned or contained, unless such Peers should, in the next Term after such his coming or remaining, take the said Oaths, and make and subscribe the said Declaration in his Majesty's High Court of Chancery, between the Hours of nine and twelve in the Forenoon Now be it fur- andn* P.erwho the* enabled. That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and AalJ have taken ninety-one, no Peer of Great Britain or Ireland, or Member of the House of Peers of Great Britain, or of appointed the Kingdom of Ireland, professing the Reman Catholick Religion, who shall take and subscribe the Oath of Allegiai.ce, Abjuration, and Declaration, herein-before appointed to be taken and subscribed, shall be liable under that Act. to be prosecuted for such Offence, in the said recited Act of the thirtieth Yrearof King Charles the Second, or be liable to any of the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities for Breach of the Provision in the said Clause contained, cr be other wise deemed to fall within, or be affected by, any Part of the said Provision.

XXI. And whereas by an Act passed in the second Session of the first Yrear of the Rwgn of his late Ma- 1 Geo.

jetty King George the First, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to regi/hr their Names and real Estates, all 2* c*

and every such Person and Persons as therein are described are, in Default of taking, within the Time thereby limited, the several Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy, and Abjuration, required by the said Act passed in the first Session of the first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First herein-before recited, and of repeating and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation and Popery, expressed in and required by the said Act passed in the second Session of the thirtieth Yrear of the Reign of King Charles the Second, required to register their Names, and also their Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Manner and under the Penalties in the said now reciting Statute mentioned and expressed: And whereas by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, paftjbd in the left! Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige 3 Geo. 1. c. it, 44 Papists to register their Nanus and real Estates f and for enlarging the Time of fuel? regift ering, and recited,

for fearing Purchass made by Protejlanis, and by other subsequent Acts, it is enacted, That no Manors,

Lands, or any Intel eft therein, or Rent or Profit thereout, shall pal's, alter, cr change from any Papilt or*

Person profiling the Popish Religion by any Deed or Will, except such Deed within six Months after the Date, and such Will within six Months after the Death of the deflator, be inrolled in one of the King's 4 Courts of Record at Welm infer, or within the County wherein the Manors or Lands do lie :* Now be it anj* repealed* further enacted, That the said two last recited Acts, passed in the first and third Years of the Reign of his said Majesty King George the First, and also such Parts of all other Acts as require the Registry of the Names and Estates of Persons being Papists, or professing the Popish Religion, or being reputed to be such,

shall be, and the same are hereby utterly repealed, abrogated, and made void; and from and after the said and no Person twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, no Person whatsoever shall be pro- liable to prose. (ecuted, sued, molested, or otherwise affected by reason of not having complied with or confoimed to the said Cut\on for not hereby repealed Acts and Parts of Acts, or any of them; and all Deeds and Wills shall, from and after the complied

laid twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, be as good and effectual, both crcml at Law and in Equity, and to and for all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said hereby repealed Acts and Parts of Ad had never been made.

e

134-

7 and 8 Gul. 3. c. 4 j and

i Geo. i. Star. 2. c. 1 3. recited 5 and the Oaths and Declaration therein mentioned no longer to be required, but the Oath hereby appointed, to quality Persons to as Counfdlers, Scc.

Act not to extend to Scotland*

C. 33. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

XXII. And whereas by an Act passed in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act requiring the Praftifers of Laws to take the Oaths and subscribe the Declares- tion therein mentioned \ and an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his A laffly s Perjcn and Government, and the Succefion of the Grown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Prctflants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettor:, all Persons acting as a Counsellor at Law, Barrister, Attorney* Solicitor, Clerk, or Notary, by pradVifing in any Manner as such in any Court or Courts whatsoever, not having, before the Time of such acting, taken the Oaths and Declaration in the said Acts respectively prescribed, are made liable to the Penalties in the same Acts reflectively mentioned Now, be it further enacted, That the Oaths and Declaration in and by the said last mentioned Acts respectively mentioned and appointed to be taken and subscribed by Persons acting as a Counsellor at Law, Barrister, Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk, or Notary, as in the said Acts respectively is mentioned, shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, be no longer put or administered to, or required to be taken by, any Person professing the Roman Catholick Religion, as a Qualification or Requirtte to enable him to act in the Capacities aforesaid, or any of them, but the Oath of Allegiance, Abjuration, and Declaration, herein-before appointed to betaken and subscribed, shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, be administered, taken, and subscribed to and by Persons professing the Roman Catholick Religion, and ailing or requiring toail in the Capacities aforesaid, or any of them, in the Stead and Place of the said Oaths and Declaration, and every of them 3 and in order thereto the Oath of Allegiance, Abjuration, and Declaration, herein-before appointed to be taken and subscribed, may and shall be administered, taken* and subscribed in the same Courts, and may and shall be registered in the same Manner, as the Oaths and Declaration in the Room of which it is hereby substituted, are by the Acts so prescribing the same Oaths and Declaration respectively as aforesaid appointed to be administered, taken, subscribed, and registered, and when so taken, subscribed, and registered, shall, for the Purpose of enabling Persons professing the Roman Catholick Religion to act in the Capacities aforesaid, or any of them, have the same Effect and Operation, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, as the Oaths and Declaration in the Room of which it is hereby substituted.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conf trued to extend, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for the Payment of the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer.

[Preamble.]

Bank tn pay in'o ihe Exchequer 500,000 I. to be carried to the Consolidated Fond.

Whenever the Money rem in-ing m th.* B nk fir Payment of Dividends, exclusive of the Surra iflael on Account of those due th- preceding Quarter,

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of England have proposed to advance, for the Service of the Publick, a Loan of five hundred thousand rounds without any Interest for the same, on Condition that if at any d ime the Balance remaining in the Hands of their Cashier, or SumsifTued to him for the Payment of Dividends on Account of the National Debt which shall have been due previous to the quarterly Payment then next preceding, llrall be reduced to a Ids Sum chan six hundred thousand Pounds, in such Case lo much of the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds shall be repaid to the said Governor and Company as llrall be equal to the Sum by wh:ch the said Balance shall bclcfs than the Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds; and in case, after the Repayment of any Part of the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, the said Balance shall at any Time be again further reduced, in such Case, as often as the same shall happen, such a further Sum shall in like Manner be repaid out of the Remainder of the said five hundred thousand Pounds to the said Governor and Company, as shall, together with the Sum or Sums before repaid, be equal to the whole Sum by which the said Balance shall be less than the Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds; and likewise upon the Condition that the Allowance for the Charges of Management of the Publick Debt shall continue at the same Rate as at presentWe, therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament ailerubied, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Governor and Company shall, on or before the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, pay, or cause to be paid, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, which laid Sutn of five hundred thousand Pounds shal] be carried to and made Part of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time hereafter the Monies remaining in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank u \ England* or their Cashier or Cashiers, which have been issued to him or them for the Payment: of all or any Annuities or Dividends to the Creditors of the Publick, in pursuance of the several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, exclusive of the Sums issued on Account of such Annuities or Dividends as became due the Qua iter then next preceding, shall be reduced to a less Sum than six hundred thousand Pounds, the said Governor and Company, or their Cashier or Cashiers, shall forthwith trartsmit a Certificate of the same to the Commissioners or the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, and also to the Auditor of the Exchequer for the Time bJng, containing a true Statement

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 34.—36. 135

of the Amount to which the said Monies shall then be reduced; and that forthwith, cn the same Day on fa, 11 beless than whichaiTy such Certificate, containing such Statement as aforesaid, shall be presented to the said Auditor at 600,cool, the the Receipt of the Exchequer, the said Auditor shall make out a proper Debenture, directing the Payment of Drfic, tncy to be such Sum of Money as it shall appear by such Certificate the said Balance shall be reduced under six hundred ^atVh^t^fthe thousand Pounds, which said Sum of Money shall be forthwith, on the same Day, issued and paid out of any ra;a i0c,ocol. Money in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Aids or Supplies granted to his Majesty for the Service of the current Year, or of any preceding Year, or out of any Monies arising from the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, which may remain at the End of any Quarter for the Disposition of Parliament; and every such Debenture being carried to the Clerk of the Pells, shall be forthwith recorded in the usual Method in which Debentures are by him recorded; and thereupon the Teller or Tellers, on whom any such Debenture shall be charged, shall, upon the same being presented to him or them, immediately pay, or cause to be paid, to the said Cashier or Cashiers, the Sum contained in such Debenture accordingly: And in case, after the Repayment of any Part of the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, the faulBalance shall at any Time be again further reduced, in such Case, as often as the same shall happen, such a further Sum shall in like Manner be repaid, out of the Remainder of the said five hundred thousand Pounds, to the said Governor and Coin-

E, as shall, together with the Sum or Sums before repaid, be equal to the whole Sum by which the said ice shall be leis than the Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall continue to be issued and paid to b®

to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, a Sum for Charges of Management of the Pub- fpJnt t*f the* lick Debt, at the Rate of four hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, for each Million of the Capital, and publick Debt, at the same Rate for all the Annuities for Terms of Years, valuing the Annuities at twenty-five Years Pur- at a catain Rate* chafe, as usual, to make a nominal Capital.

---

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle an Annuity of twelve thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, during Pleasure.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to render Persons convicted of Petty Larceny competent Witnesses.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS Persons convicted of Grand Larceny are by their Punishment restored to their Credit as Witnesses, but persons convicted of Petty Larceny are rendered and remain wholly incompetent to be examined as Witnesses:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, no Person shall be an incompetent Witness by reason of a Conviction for Petty Larceny.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to prevent Keels, Pan Keels, and Pan Boats, and other Boats, and Wains and Carts, being used in the Removal or Carriage of Coals, after having undergone any Alterations or Repairs, without being first inspected, readmeasured, marked, and nailed.

---

[Preamble,

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the sixth and seventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Admeasurement of Keels and Keel Boats in the Port of & 7 Gu!. j.

c Newcastle, and the Members thereunto belonging, it is amongst other Things enacted, That Commis- c# I0> Iccl"d* 4 (ioners shall from Time to Time be appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for theadmea- Turing and marking all and every the Keels, Pan Keels, and Pan Boats, and other Boats, and Wains and Carts used, or in any Time hereafter to be used for the Carriage of Coals in the Port of Neiucajile upon Tyne, Sunderland upon the River IVeare, Culler-coats, Seaton, Sluice, Blythnook, and all other Places within the Counties of Northumberland and Durham, and all and every the Members, Havens, Rivers,

Creeks, and Places whatsoever, to the said Port of Newcastle and Counties aforesaid belonging; and that the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall cause all and every of the said Keel Boats,

Wains, and Carts, to be admeasured accordingly, and the said Keels and Boats so admeasured to be marked and nailed on each Side the Stem and Stern, and A'Jidship thereof, or otherwise, as they the said Commissioners, or any three of them, in their Discretions, shall direct; and the said Wains and Carts to be marked and nailed on the Head and Sides of the said Wains Carts, or otherwise, as the said Commissioners, or any three of them, shall direct; and that every Keel, Boat, Wain, or Cart, which shall carry any Coals in any of the Places aforesaid before they shall be admeasured, marked, and nailed as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, together with the Coals that shall be laden upon them;, and that in case,

after the admeasuring, marking, and nailing of any Keel, Boat, Wain, or Cart, the Mark shall be re- moved or altered, whereby to frustrate the Intent and Meaning of this Act, that every Person or Persons that shall have a Hand in, or be privy to, the doing thereof, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds:

[Preamble.]

Terfins con-vits cd of Prty Laiceny to be competent Witnesses.

i^6

No Keel, &c, used in Carriage of Coah, in any of the Places mentioned in the recited Act, to be alreied without being re* a Jcneafured previous t^being uleri, on Penalty of Forfeiture.

Owners of Keels, &c. so altered, to give Notice thereof to the Commissionerf, &c.

The Contents of Keels, &c. whose Marks have been accidentally removed after being i* acted, may be unloaded. Penalty on Per-fns removing Ma'ks pm up-in Keels, &c.

[Preamble.]

6 Geo. 3. c. 28.

C. 37. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

And whereas on Repair of such Keels, Pan Keels, Pan Boats, or other Boats, Wains, or Carts, as may have been admeasured, marked, and nailed, in pursuance of the before recited Act, it may frequently happen that the Marks or Nails are removed, either by Accident or otherwise, or such Alteration may be f made in the repairing of such Keels, Pan Keels, Pan Boats, or other Boats, Wains, or Carts, as may render the Contents of their Lading very uncertain, whereby great Injury may arise to the Revenue, and to the Buyers and Sellers of Coals: And whereas the said recited Act extends only to Keels, Boats,

Wains, or Carts, which are new, and to infl

where

From July 5, 1791, Silk Crapes and Tif-

0 inflict the aforesaid Penalty of ten Pounds in Cases only the Marks and Nails have been removed with a fraudulent Intent For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, if any Keel, Pan Keel, Pan Boat, or other Boat, Wain, or Cart, used in the Carriage of Coils, in any of the Places mentioned in the said recited Act, shall, after the same shall have been duly admxifured, marked, and nailed, in pursuance of the Diregions of the said recited Act, be repaired or altered, whereby any such Keel, Pan-Keel, Pan Boat, or other Boat, Wain, or Cart, will be capable of carrying a greater or less Quantity of Coals than before such Repair or Alteration, or in case any of the Nails or Marks placed in or on any such Keel, Pan Keel, Fan Boat, or other Boat, Wain, or Cart, in pursuance of the said recited Act, shall be removed so that the Loading cannot be ascertained in the uftral and customary Way, whether any of the Nails or Marks shall be removed by Accident, necessary Pvcpairs, fraudulent Design, or otherwise, such Keel, Pan Keel, Pan Boat, or other Boat, Wain, or Cart, shall not be again used in the Removal or Carriage of Coals, until the said Keel, Pan Keel, Pan Boat, or other Boat, Wain, or Cart, shall have been inspected by, and re-admenfured, marked, and nailed, under the Direction of the Commissioners appointed, or to^e appointed, by virtue of the before recited A6L under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of every such Keel, Pan Keel, Pan Boat, or other Boat, Wain, or Cart, so used, together with the Coals that shall be laden or loaded in or upon them respectively.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Case where any such Keel, Pan Keel, Pan Boat, or other Boat, Wain, or Cart, shall have undergone any Repair or Alteration, or any Alteration therein shall have taken place by Accident or otherwise, so that the true Loading cannot be ascertained in the usual and customary Way, or where any frefn Nails or Marks are wanting and necessary in order to ascertain the true Loading of such Keel, Pan Keel, Pan Boat, or other Boat, Wain, or Cart,' the Owner or Owners respectively, in case they intend again to use such Keel, Pan Keel, Pan Boat, or other Boat, Wain, or Cart, shall give Notice in Writing to three or more of the said Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, in pursuance of the said recited Act (of whom two shall be principal Officers of his Majesty's Customs for the Time being) of such his or their Intention, who are hereby authorised and required, within twenty-four Hours after the Receipt of such Notice, to give three Days Notice of the Time and Place for re-admeasuring, marking, and nailing of such Keel, Pan Keel, Pan Boat, or other Boat, Wain, or Cart, according to the Form and in Manner prescribed by the said recited Act for admeasuring, marking, and nailing Keels, Boats, Wains, and Carts.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the said Marks or Nails shall be removed by Accident, and without any Intention of Fraud, after such Keel, Pan Keel, Pan Boat, or other Boat, Wain, or Cart shall have been duly laden, then and in that Case such Keel, Pan Keel, Pan Boat, or other Boat, Wain, or Cart, shall be permitted to unload her or their Contents without Hindrance or Delay $ any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or designedly remove, deface or destroy such Ad arks or Nails as, by Order of the said Commissioners, shall be put upon the said Keels, Pan Keels, Pan Boats, or other Boats, Wains, or Carts, or cause the lame to be done, such Person or Persons being convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace, upon the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, or in Default thereof be committed by the said Justice of the Peace to the Ho life of Correction nearest to the Place where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding one Month, nor leis than seven Days.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to prohibit the Importation into Great Britain of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy, unless brought directly from thence.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act to prohibit the Importation of foreign wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Timej and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture; it is, among other filings, provided and ena6led, That nothing in the Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any wrought Silk or Velvet which shall be manufactured in, and imported from, the East Indies, or to any Silk Crapes or Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy: And whereas it is expedient, that Silk Crapes or Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy should not be permitted to be imported otherwise than directly from thence be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, that if any Silk Crapes or Tiffanies of the Manufacture of

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 37, 38. 137

Italy shall, after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, be imported or brought into Great Britain otherwise than directly from thence, the same shall be forfeited, and the Importer thereof shall be subject and liable to the like Penalty as is imposed, by the said recited Act, on the Importation of foreign wrought Silks and Velvets not manufactured in, and imported from, the East Indies, and not being Silk Crapes or Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy; and the Forfeiture and Penalty incurred by this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, disposed of, and applied in such and the like Manner, and under the like Rules,-Regulations, and Restrictions, as the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by the said recited Act may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, disposed of and applied, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and each and every the Powers and Directions contained in the said recited Act were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Exportation from Great Britain of any Silk Crapes or Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy, which shall be imported after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there shall not be paid or allowed to the Exporter thereof any Drawback or Allowance whatever of the Duties paid on the Importation of such Silk Crapes or Tiffanies; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America; and between his Majesty's said Subjects and the foreign Islands in the West Indies; and also an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods Wares, and Merchandise, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Rofea in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America;

and between his Majesty's said Subjects and the foreign Islands in West Indies, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That no Tobacco, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Hemp, Flax, Malls, Yards, Bowsprits, Staves, Heading Boards, Timber, Shingles, or Lumber of any Sort, Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Pease, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley, or Grain of any Sort, should be imported or brought into any Island under the Dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies (in which Description the Bahama Islands and the Bermuda or Somers Islands are included) from any Island in the West Indies under the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign or State, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture therein mentioned: And whereas it is equally expedient that the said Articles should not be imported or brought from any foreign Colony or Plantation whatsoever, on the Continent of South America, belonging to any foreign European Sovereign or State P May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, no Tobacco, Pitch, Far, Turpentine, Hemp, Flax, Masts, Yards, Bowsprits, Staves, Heading Boards, Timber, Shingles, or Lumber of any Sort, Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Pease, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley, or Grain of any Sort, shall be imported or brought into any Island under the Dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies (in which Description the Bahama Islands, and the Bermuda or Somers Islands, are included), from any Colony or Plantation whatsoever on the Continent of South Americaunder the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign* or State, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, and of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported or brought, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, to be seized, sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, and the Produce thereof to be disposed of and applied as any Forfeiture incurred under the said Act.

II. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful in case of publick Emergency or Distress, for any of the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, or Commanders in Chief for the Time being, of any of the said Islands in the West Indies under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice and Consent of their respective Councils, to authorise the Importation of Tobacco, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Hemp, Flax, Masts, Yards, Bowsprits, Staves, Heading Boards, Timber, Shingles, or Lumber of any Sort, Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Pease, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley, or Grain of any Sort, for a limited Time, from any Colony or Plantation on the Continent of South America, belonging to any foreign European Sovereign or State, for the Supply of the Inhabitants of the said Islands; and provided always, That such Goods and Commodities, so authorised to be imported, shall not be im-31 Geo. III. T polled

*37

fanies of Italy, if imported not gU reftiy from rhsnce, to be

forfeited. Penakiesmay be recovered and applied as under the recited Act.

No Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of Italian Silk Crapes or Tiffanies.

[Preamble.]

28 Geo. 3. c. 6. recited.

From Aug. r, 1791, none of the Articles herein specified to be imported into the West India Islands trum any Colony in South America, belonging to a foreign Eu. ropean Sovereign, on Penal.y of Forfeiture,

except by the Authority of the respective Governors, in Cases of publick Emergency,

& c.

138

c. 38.

Anno tricesimo, primo Georgii III. A.D. 179r#

to be e<p rted, to be forfeited, uith the Vefitl, &c.'

ported except by British Subjects and in BritiJ})-built Ships, owned by his Majesty's Subjects, and navigated according to Law, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture above mentioned.

Any such Ar-

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the Laid Articles, or any of them, which shall have beerr tides so import- imported from any Colony or Plantation on the Continent of South America, belonging to any foreign ed, if attempted European Sovereign or State, into any of the said Iflanas in the West Indies under the Dominion of his Majesty* shall after such Importation be exported, or shall be shipped or laden on board any Ship or Vessel, or shall be put on board any I5c>-t or other Vessel, or shall be brought to any Quay, Wharf, or other Place whatever, with Intention to be shipped on board any Ship or Vessel for Exportation, then, not only the said Articles, but also the Lid Vessel or Boat on board of which the same shall be shipped or laden, or intended to be shipped or laden, shall be forfeited and loll, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel.

Befire any of the

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, before any Articles which may be ifccined Amides legally exported from the said Islands in the IPe/l Li dies under the Dominion of his Majesty, and which are aie n.ipped for of t]le Description or Denomination of any of the Articles herein-before particularly enumerated and de-Ixp.)nation, fcrjbed, whether in their unmanufaciared or manufactured State, shall be shipped for Exportation from any a!n 10 'e ma e of the Lid islands, the Expoittr or Exporters thereof shall make Oath before the Collector of his Majesty's Customs for the IflanJ from which such Articles are to be exported, (who is hereby authorised and impowered to administtr the same,) that such Articles, or any Part of them, have not been so imported as aforesaid, into the said island, under such Authority as aforesaid, from any Colony or Plantation on the Continent of South America, under the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign or State.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall be convicted of taking a false Oath touching any of the Facts directed or required by this Act to be testified on Oath, such Person or Persons, so convicted as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall and may be prosecuted in any Court of Record in Great Britain, or in any of his Majesty's Courts of Judicature in the West Indies.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Goods or Commodities^ and ail Ships or Vessels forfeited by this Act, shall and may be seized by the Commander or Commanders of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or any commissioned, warrant, or petty Officer specially authorised by him or them, or by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs 3 and that every Forfeiture and Penalty incurred by this Act shall and may respectively be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered

th*tihey have not been so imported.

Persons taking fulfe Oath?, guilty of Perjury.

By whom Goods and Vessels forfeited may be seized;

and how Penalties may be recovered and applied.

or recovered, disposed of and applied, either in this Kingdom, or in any of his Majesty's Islands in the West Indies respectively, as the Case may happen to be.

c VII. And whereas by two Acts now in force, the one passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his present

ay Geo. 3. c. 27. Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Pots of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lueea in the Bland of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roleau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port tf/'Nassau in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama I ft ends y

and 3o Geo. 3. c. 29. recited

under certain Regulations and Rfridlions; and the other, passed in the thirtieth Year of his p relent Mn- jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his

cd, " An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, in the Ports <2/* Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the

present Majesty, intitule.

and Merchandize, in Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George //; the Ijlainl of Grenada

During the Continuance f two recited Act‘> the Articles hertin enumerated may be imported from any Part of America, belonging to any furcigo Euro-

the Port of Roseau in the

Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nallau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Reftr tedious ft and for regulating the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Commodities the Growth and Production of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec;

it is enabled, That Wool, Cotton-wool, Indigo, Cochineal, Drugs of all Sorts, Cocoa, Logwood*

Fuftic, and all Sorts of Wood for Dyers Lie, Hides, Skins, and Tallow, Beaver, and all Sorts of Furs, Tortoise Shell, Hardwood or Mill Timber, Mahogany, and all other Woods for Cabinet Ware Horses, Asses, Mules, and Cattle, being the Growth and Production of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America,

and all Cc 4 Ionics or Lucca in

in the Island of Dominica, and the Port of Najjiu in the Eland of New Providence^ one of the Ba/oa.

Islands, in any foreign Sloop, Schoo.i«T, or other VdLl whatever,

being owned and 4 LLge, or Custom,

biting any Country on the Continent of America, belonging to,

European Soverug \ or State, should be permitted to import

it therefore enacted, That, during the Coiitinuar.ee of the two j/.u--mentioned i>ets, wool, Cotton-wool Indigo, Cochineal, and Drugs or all Sorts, Cocoa, Logwood, Tullic; and all b risof 'vooil for Dyers Use, Hides, Skins, and Fallow, Beaver, and all Sorts of Furs, Tortoise-(hell, I lard wood, or Mill Timber, Mahogany, and all other YVooJs for Cabinet Ware, Horses, Abes, Mules, and Cattle, bein'* the Growth or Production of any Country belonging to, or under the Dominion of, any foreign Europe.,-^ vereign or State on the Continent of America, and all Coin and Bullion, Diamonds and preciou* Slo W

'eign oloop, Schoo.i« r, or other VclLl whatever, not having more than one Deck and navigated by tins Subjects of any foreign European Sovereign or State; any Law i, to the contrary notwithstanding: And vviureas it is reafomble that all Persons inha-

‘tig to, or und.er tb.e Dominion of, any foreign )it into the Lid Ports the fai.l Articles;' he VO Li I. - mentioned AH s, Wool, Cotton-wool

n:.y

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 38, 39. 139

maybe imported from any of the said Countries into any of the Ports before mentioned, in any foreign Sloop, Schooner, or other Vessel whatever, not having more than one Deck, and being owned and navigated by Persons inhabiting any of the said Countries on the Continent of America, belonging to, or under the Dominion of, any foreign European Sovereign or State.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, during the Continuance of the two

whatever, not having more than one Deck, and being owned and navigated by Persons1 inhabiting any such Country, Rum of the Produce of any British Island, and also Negroes which shall have been brought into the said Islands respectively, in British-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, and ail Manner of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which shall have been legally imported into the said Islands respectively, except Matts, Yards, or Bowsprits, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, and also except such Iron as shall have been brought from the British Colonies or Plantations in America; any Law; Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Importation and Exportation of all the said Articles shall be under the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Securities, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach of them, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be seized, sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and applied, in the Manner prescribed and provided in the said Acts, or any of them.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade of this Kingdom.

Ship or Vessel shall depart from or come to in or during such Voyage, who are hereby authorised and required respectively to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to bring before him or them such Matter or Commander, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel; and in case such Matter or Commander, or other Person as aforesaid, shall neglect or refute to pay such Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid, to grant his or their Warrant or Warrants to levy the same by Dithcfs and Sale of the Offender's Goods, and in case no Distress can be found, to commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the City, County, Town, or Place, there to remain until he shall pay the same.

II*. And be it further enacted, That every Seaman or Mariner entering himself on board any Ship or Vessel trading Coastwise as aforesaid, for any intended Voyage or Voyages, or for any Time to be (Updated in and by such Agreement or Agreements, shall, and he is hereby required and obliged to subscribe his Signature or Mark to such Agreement or Agreements respectively, at the Time of his lo entering himself; which Agreement or Agreements, after the same shall be losubscribed by such Seaman or Mariner, and signed by the Matter or Commander, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Snip

pean Sovereign, into any of the Ports before mentioned;

and the Articles herein enumerated, may be exported from those Ports, under certain Re* ftri&ioas.

Importation, 8cc, to be under the Rules of the tecited Acts#

WHEREAS by an Act, made and passed in the second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service, certain Provisions are established for the Government of Seamen in Ships trading to Parts beyond the Seas, which have been found, by Experience, to be highly beneficial to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom: And whereas the Coast Trade of this Kingdom ttill remains under great Difficulties and Inconveniencies, for want of the like Regulations to be applied to, and established in the same, for the better Government thereof May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, it shall not be lawful for any Matter or Commander, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, trading from and to any Port or Place or Ports or Places in Great Britain, t6 carryout to Sea any Seaman or Mariner (except his Apprentice or Apprentices) from any Port or Place in Great Britain, to proceed on any Voyage to any other Port or Place in Great Britain, without having before entered into an Agreement or Agreements in Writing with such Seaman or Mariner, to be signed as well by such M'after or Commander, or other Person as aforesaid, as by such Seaman or Mariner, for the Wages which such Seaman or Mariner is to have respcbHveiy, during the Voyage or Voyages, or during the Time he shall have contracted or entered himself for; which Contract or Agreement shall declare what Wages each Seaman or Mariner is to have, and when the same shall be payable, and for what Time, or for what Voyage or Voyages such Seaman or Mariner shall have contracted or entered himself, every such Agreement or Agreements to be in force at the Time of proceeding to Sea on any such Voyage; and in case any Matter or Commander, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel trading Coastwise as aforesaid, shall carry out to open Sea any Seaman or Mariner (except his Apprentice or Apprentices) upon any such Voyage by open Sea, without having first entered into such Agreement or Agreements signed as aforesaid, and such Agreement or Agreements then being in full force, such Matter or Commander, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of live Pounds for every such Seaman or Mariner which he shall so carry out to open Sea, to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, to be recovered upon Information, on the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, bdore any one or mere of his Maj. tty's Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Shire, or Place in Great Britain, where such

[Preamble.]

2 Geo. 2. c. 36* recited.

Frrm July r,' I79 r, no Masters of Vessel s trading Coast:-wife, to proceed on a Voyage without entering into an Agreement with t! e Seantitn Fjc Wages, on Penalty of 51, for each.

Agreement* t*

be binding.

or

c»

140

Penalty on Seamen neglecting or refuting to proceed cn Voyages fer which they flul] have engaged*

Penalty ort Seamen absentifjg themselves, or deserting before the Hxpi rat I *n of the 'Hine for which they ftull have eogaged.

Matter* to settle with the Men for their Wager* in the Manner herein directed, cn Penalty of 201.

Seamen not deprived of the ufuat Means for ttecovery of Wages, and, in, case ot Dispute, the Matter to produce the Agreement,

Penalties to be deducted out of the Men s Wages, and applied (except those to the Owners) to the Use of Greenwich Hospital,

C. 39. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

or Vessel, shall be conclusive and binding to all Parties, for and during the Time or Times so agreed or contracted for, to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Seaman or Mariner, after he shall have entered into such Agreement or Agreements as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to proceed on the intended Voyage or Voyages for which he shall have entered, or upon which such Ship or Vessel shall be destined to proceed, every such Seaman or Mariner shall forfeit and pay to the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, all such Wages as shall be due to him at the Time of his fo neglecting or refusing to proceed on such Voyage or Voyages; and it shall and may be lawful, upon Complaint made of the same to any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, by the Matter or Commander, Owner or Owners, or any other Person or Persons having Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel to which such Seaman or Mariner did belong, for such Justice, and he is hereby required to issue his Warrant to apprehend such Seaman or Mariner; and in case such Seaman or Mariner mail refuse to proceed on the Voyage or Voyages agreed on, or on the Voyage or Voyages on which the Ship or Vessel Hi all be destined to proceed, within the Time contracted for, and shall not give a sufficient Reason for such Refusal, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, then to commit such Seaman or Mariner to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding thirty Days, nor less than fourteen Days.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Seaman or Mariner, after having entered into such Agreement or Agreements as aforesaid, shall wilfully absent himself from the Ship or Vessel to which he shall belong, before the Voyage or Voyages agreed upon, or upon which such Ship or Vessel shall have proceeded, shall be completed, and the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel delivered, or before the Time for which he shall have contracted or entered shall be expired, every such Seaman and Mariner shall, for every Day he shall be so absent from his said Ship or Vessel, forfeit two Days Pay to the Use of Greenwich Hospital) to be recovered, applied, and disposed of as is herein after directed; and in case any Seaman or Mariner, not entering into the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall totally leave or quit his laid Ship or Vessel before the Voyage or Voyages agreed upon, or upon which such Ship* or Vessel shall have proceeded, shall be completed, and the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel delivered, or before the Expiration of the Time for which he shall have contracted or entered, or before such Seaman or Mariner shall have a Discharge in Writing from the Matter or Commander, or other Person having the * Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, such Seaman or Mariner so leaving or quitting such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit one Month's Wages, to be recovered, applied, and disposed of as herein after is* directed.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter or Commander, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel employed in trading Coastwise as aforesaid, and contracting with any Seaman or Mariner to perform any such Voyage, shall, and he is hereby obliged and required to pay to every such Seaman or Mariner belonging to such Ship or Vessel, their Wages, if demanded, within five Days after such Ship or Vessel shall have entered at the Custom-house, or the Cargo shall be delivered, or at the Time the said Seamen or Mariners shall be discharged, which shall first happen, unless an Agreement shall have been made or entered into to the contrary, in which Case the Wages of such Seamen or Mariners shall be paid in Terms of such Agreement, after deducting, in every such Case, out of such Wages, the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, in case any shall have been incurred, upon Pain of forfeiting to each Seaman or Mariner, to whom Payment of his Wages shall not have been made according to this Act, of the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be paid to each such Seaman or Mariner, over and above the Wages that shall be due to him, to be recovered by the same Means and Methods as the Wages of Seamen or Mariners may by Law be recovered; and such Payment of Wages as aforesaid shall be good and valid in Law, notwithstanding any Action, Bill of Sale, Attachment, or Incumbrance whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Seaman or Mariner, by entering into or signing such Contrail or Agreement as aforesaid, shall be deprived of, or hindered from, using any Means or Methods for the Recovery of Wages against any Ship, or the Matters or Owners thereof, which he may now lawfully make use of; and that in all Cases where it shall or may be necessary that the Agreement or Agreements in Writing aforesaid should be produced in Court or elsewhere, no Obligation shall lie on any Seaman or Mariner to produce the same, but such Obligation shall lie on the Matter or Commander, or other Person having the Charge or Command, or the Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel for which the Wages shall be demanded; and no Seaman or Mariner shall fail, in any Suit, Action, or Process for Recovery of Wages, for Want of such Agreement or Agreements being produced, but shall and may proceed therein as if no such Agreement in Writing had been made; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Matters or Commanders, or Owners of any such Ships or Vessels, or other Persons having the Charge or Command thereof, shall, and they hereby have full Power and are required to deduct, out of the Wages of any Seaman or Mariner incurring the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, whenever the same shall be incurred, and to enter them in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and to make Oath, if required, to the Truth thereof; which Book or Books shall be signed by the said Matter or Commander, or other Person having the Charge or Command of each such Ship or Vessel respectively, setting forth that the Penalties and Forfeitures contained in such Book or Books are the whole Penalties and Forfeitures stopped from any Seamen or Mariners by such Matter or Commander, or other Person as aforesaid; and which Penalties and Forfeitures (except the Forfeiture of Wages to the Owners on any Seamen or Mariners refilling to proceed on their Voyage or

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 39 - 41.

Voyages) shall go to, and be applied to, the Use of Greenwich Hospital\ and shall be paid and accounted for by the Matters, Commanders, and other Persons having the Charge or Command of such Ships or Vessels, to the Officer of any Port or Place who shall collect the Sixpence per Month deducted out of Sea-men's Wages for the Use of the said Hospital, which Officer shall have, and hereby hath, full Power to administer an Oath to every Commander, Matter, or other Per foil as aforesaid reflectively, touching the Truth of such Penalties and Forfeitures.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Matters or Commanders, or Owners, of any such Ships or Vessels, or other Person having the Charge or Command thereof, shall deduct out of the Wages of any Seamen or Mariners any of the Penalties and Forfeitures which by this Act are directed to be deducted and applied to and for the Use of Greenwich Hospital, and shall not pay the Money so deducted to feme Officer who shall coiledt the Sixpence per Month deducted out of Seamen's Wages for the Use of the said Hospital, in the Port or Place where such Deduction shall be made, within three Months after such Deduction, every such Person so neglecting to pay the Money so deducted, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay treble the Value thereof to the Use of the said Hospital; which, together with the Money deducted as aforesaid, shall and may be recovered by the lame Means and Methods as any Penalties and Forfeitures for not duly paying the said Sixpence per Month can or may be recovered.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where the Seamen or Mariners of any Ship or Vessel trading Coastwise as aforesaid have contracted, or shall contract, for Wages by the Voyage, and not by the Month, or other Hated Period of Time, the Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred by stich Seamen or Mariners under this Act, shall be ascertained in Manner following; (that is to fty,) If the whole Time (pent in the Voyage agreed or proceeded upon shall exceed one Lunar Month, the Forfeiture of one Month's Pay shall be accounted and deemed a Forfeiture of a Sum of Money bearing the same Proportion to the whole Wages, as a Lunar Month shall bear to the whole Time spent in the Voyage; and in like Manner the Forfeiture of two Days Pay shall be accounted and deemed a Forfeiture of a Sum of Money bearing the same Proportion to the whole Wages, as two Days shall bear to the whole Time spent in the Voyage; and if the whole Time spent in the Voyage shall not exceed one Lunar Month, the Forfeiture of one Month's Pay shall be accounted and deemed a Forfeiture of the whole Wages contracted for; and if such Time shall not exceed two Days, the Forfeiture of two Days Pay shall be accounted and deemed a Forfeiture of the whole Wages contracted for.

X. ' Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Agreement or Agreements, to be made by virtue or under the Authority of this Act, shall be^ or be deemed liable to, or charged with, any Stamp Duties whatsoever: And provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ship or Vessel trading Coastwise as aforesaid, or to any Matter or Commander, Seamen or Mariners, belonging thereto, unless such Ship or Vessel shall be of the Burthen of one hundred Tons or upwards, and shall go to open Sea: And provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to debar any Seaman or Mariner, belonging to any such Ship or Vessel, from entering or being entered into the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, on board any of his or their Ships or Vessels, nor shall such Seaman or Mariner, for such Entry, forfeit the Wages due to him during the Term of his Service in such Ship or Vessel, nor shall such Entry he deemed a Desertion.

CAP. XL.

An Act for establishing and confirming a certain Resolution or Order of the Governor General in Council

of Fort William in Bengal, and all Acts done by virtue thereof; and for granting further Powers to the said Governor General, during his Residence on the Coasts of Coromandel and Malabar.

iC Order of the Council of Fort William in Bengal, of Nov. 1790, recited and confirmed. Earl Cornwallis while he continues Governor General and relides in India, may, in his own Name, conclude Treaties " with any of the Powers there; and may issue Orders to the Governors and Councils of Fort Saint George 4< and Bombay, &c. and to the Servants of the United Company, without previously communicating them " to the respective Governors and Councils. The Powers to continue till three Months after the Termi- nation of the War, or till Earl Cornwallis shall return to Fort William or to Europe; and then to devolve to his Successor: But may be revoked by the Court of Directors, with the Approbation of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India"

I4I

Penalty on Masters not paying the Penalties in three Months after being so deducted.

How Penalties are to be ascertained, where the Seamen contrail for the Voyage.

Agreements not liable to Sump Duties.

This Act not to extend to Vessels under 100 Tons Burthen, nor to debar Seamen from entering into his Maje-fly's Service.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one $ and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

3*675,coo/, may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund for the Service of the current Year, which may be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills on the Credit of the said Fund. Money lent on Security of this 41 Act not to be rated to any Tax. Tallies of Loan to be (truck, Jsfr. Orders for Repayment to be re- giftered and paid in Course. No Fee to be taken for registering, &c, on Penalty of treble Damages and Costs. Not to be deemed undue Preference which Orders of the same Date brought the same Day, are entered first, so they are all entered; nor if subsequent Orders are paid before prior ones not brought for Payment, if Money be reserved to discharge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the «4 Sum hereby granted to be raised by Exchequer Bills, in the Manner prescribed by the Land Tax Act

142

C. 41, 42. Anno tricesimo priino Georgii III. A.D. 179x.

of this Sessions; the Provisions of which Act (except such as charge the Bills on the Land Tax, and limit the Rate ot interest) to extend to this. Bills and interest, &c. to be discharged out of the Consolidated Fund. Bank may advance Money on the Credit of this Act. 303,221l. gs.od. zq. Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, on April 5, 1791, and 10,137l. 4l. for Payment of Bounties on Hemp and Flax*

4C to be issued towards the Supply. Monies raised by the Land Tax, Malt Act, Loans, 1,833,000L 44 Loans, 3,500,000l. Further Loans, 2,000,000l. Lottery. 303,221l. 9 s. 2 q. Surplus of the Consolidated Fund: 10,137/- 4*- for Payment of Bounties on Hemp and Flax, and 3,675,000l. hereby granted out of Consolidated Fund, shall be applied (with the RcftJue of the Sale of French Prizes) to die Lies hereafter expressed. 2,443,405 /. 13 s. 4d. for Naval Services j791. 1,565,000l. for late Naval,

Augmentation. 151,000l. towards the Expence of the Ordnance, on Account of the late Armament.

3,857l. 5 s. 1 d. for Land Service of the Ordnance prior to December 31, 1783. 30,613 /. 19;. id. for

Lai d Service of the Ordnance, in 1789. 25,278l. iz s. for Sea Service of the Ordnance, in 1789.

2,159l. 4*. 5 d. for Land Service of the Ordnance, in 1790. 381,769l. 18 s. 3 d. for Land Service of

41 the (Ordnance, in 1791. 64,000l. towards the Expences of the late Armament; and 41,000l. towards-

the Expences ot Provisions for the Troops in the Eq/i and West Indies. 1,836,326l. 10l. 10 <7. 3 q. for Land Forces, in 1791; viz. 570..499 /. ns. id. 2 q. for 17,013 effective Men, Officers Cfc. in Great,

Britain, &c. 329,344l. lor. for Forces in the Plantations, Life. 8,487l. los.yJ. Difference between British and Irish Lftublishments of seven Battalions of Foot; 11,435l. 12 5 10 '. 2 ? for Regiments terving in the Eq/i Indies; 64,500l. for recruiting Land Forces and Contingencies; 15^551 /. 14*. 5 7.

3 q. for Supernujncrary Officers; 6,409l. 8 s. for General and Staff Officers in Great Britain \

63,276l. 51. 8/7. to the Paymaster General, Secretary at War, 07. 153,287l. ^s.cd. for reduced

Officers of the Land Forces and Marines; 10,000l. for reduced Officers or the late Independent Companies; 212l. 14J. 7 d. for reduced Officers, Or. of the Horle Guard*; 55,092l. 10 s. for reduced Of- ficers of the British>-American Forces, and 4,907l. 10 s. for Allowances to them; 3,161l. tos. 10 dm for Officers late in the Service of the States General 9,710l. 4X. 3 d. for Widows Pensions$

174,167/; 4 s. 3 d. 2 q. for Chelsea Hospital\ 36,093 /. 15 s. to the Landgrave of Hejfe; 2,754l. 5 s.

8 d. zq. for Augmentation of the Corps in New South Wales; 335,234l. 18 r. for Extraordinaries of the Army in 1790. The various Sums of 3,500,000l. 2,000,000l. and 1,000,00ol. to pay off Exchequer Bills, 30 Geo. 3. 67,948l. 12 s. 10 J. issued in purl'uance of Addrelffis. 6,376l. 17 $ 6d.hr

the Civil Estabhlhrnent of Nova Scotia. 4,400l. for New Brunswick. 1,840l. for the Island of Saint

John in America. 2,100l. for Cape Breton. 1,182l. \os. fox Newfoundland. 4,180l. for the Babamm If anils. 580l. to the Chief Justice of Bermuda. 60 cl. to the Chief Justice of Dominica. 4,758l. 6s*

3 el 3 q. fox New South IP ales. 13,000l. for Forts in Africa. 5,911l. 4*. 3 d. for Roads and Bridges in the Highlands. ?31,533 / 8 s. 7d. 1 q. fox Orders made out pursuant to 28 Geo. 3. c. 40.

92,590l. 17 j. 6.7. for Orders made out pursuant to 30 Geo. 3. c. 34. 2,000l. for securing the Harbour

of Cutwater. 25,0001, for Somerset House. 1,565l. 3 d. for prosecuting Offenders against the Coirt Laws. 12,016l. 18 j. 7 d. zq. for the extraordinary Expences of the Mint in 1790. 3,500l. for Ma-

Ion's Work at Carkton House. 34,2101. 5 s. issued out of the Civil List to the Duke of Clarence

1,546l. 7 s. 10 d. Annuity to the late Duke of Cumberland. 31,000l. issued out of the Civil List for Relict of American Sufferers, and 1,271 /. 1 ys. for Payment of Fees at the Exchequer, for Money issued to the late Proprietors of Lands in Georgia. 775l. 18 s. 8 <7. 1 q. issued to Mr. Cotton, to pay Bills of Exchange. 766l. i6r. 6d. to reimburse Mr. Davison for 500 Casks of Hempfeea lent to Canada. 4,237l. 4s. id. for Contingencies due from the Office for auditing Publick Accounts. 44 29,613l. 1 j. 8<7. for Provisions, &c. lent to New South Wales. 41,716l. lor. yd. issued to 44 D. Campbell, Esq. for Convicts on the Thames. 10,849l. 1 s. 6d. issued to 11. Bradley, Esq. for Cort- vifts at Plymouth. 14,153l. 3 s. 9 d. Expences of Trial of W. Hastings, Esq. 500l. issued to the Se- cretary of the Commissioners under the Slave Act. 4,000l. issued to the Commissioners of the Land Revenues. 3,600l. issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners for inquiring into the Losses of American Loyal ills. 2,018l. 191. zd. Arrear of Salary due to Governor johnson. 24,000l. to the Commissioners for inquiring into the Lodes of the American Loyalists. -5,100l. to the Commissioners for inquiring into Losses in Eq/i Florida. 6,762l. 19s. to the Sons of the late Bey of Algiers, and 44 207,728l. 3 s. id. for Deficiency of Grants, 1790. By 36 Geo. 3. c. 32. a Sum not exceeding. 44 162,797l. iSj. 4 d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced Officers for 1790. The Overplus of which Sum to be dispoied of to Officers maimed, &c. or to their Widows and Children, as his Majesty Quit direct/'

CAP. XLII.

An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution a certain Order of Council respecting the Importation of a limited Quantity of Saltpetre; for repealing the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Saltpetre; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS his Majesty, by an Order in Council bearing Date the twenty-fifth of dugse/l one Order of Coueil thousand seven hundred and ninety, was pleased to order, by the Advice of his Privy Council, that % A«g. 1790, any Quantity of Saltpetre, not exceeding one thousand Tons, the Produce or Manufacture of any

secitci. t Country whatever might be. imported into this Kingdom, on Security being given to his Majesty, bt$ '

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III.

pnmo ueobgii ill. C. 42.

9 Heirs and Successors, in such Sum as the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury should think € reasonable and proper, for the Payment of such Duties, for the Quantity of Saltpetre which should be so 1 imported, as should be directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament which should be made in that Behalf; ‘ and also for the delivering of a Part of the Saltpetre which should be so imported as aforesaid, if the same should be demanded, to such Persons using Saltpetre in their respective Manufactures,- as were Buyers of

Saltpetre at the last September Sale of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indin

which should bear the same Proportion to the Quantity hereby allowed to be imported (not exceeding one thousand Tons) as the Quantity purchalld by such Buyers respectively at the lall September Sale of the United Company of Mei chants trading to the liajl Indies, bore to the whole Quantity then fold, at a Price equal to the prime Coil only, together with a rateable Proportion of all actual Charges and Disbursements attending the Purchase and Importation of the same: And whereas the said Cider was necessary, under the Circumstances of the Case, for the public Service, and it is therefore fit that ail Persons adviiing or acting under or in Obedience to the said Order should be indemnified ;' be it therefore (fancied by the King's 1110ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all personal Actions and Suits, InJiihnents, Informations, and all Prosecutions, and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing, advised, commanded, appointed or dene, or forborne to be done, in relation to the said Order, be, are, and shall be made void by virtue of this Act; and that if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons for or by reason of any such Act, Matter, or Thing, so advised, commanded, appointed or done, gr forborne to be done, he, she, or they may plead the general Issue, and give-this Act and the special Matter in Evidence.

unto

for each and every one hundred Weight of Saltpetre, which has been or shall be imported by virtue of the said Order.

*43

Persons ailing under the Te-ited O/der indemnified.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, collected, and paid, ito and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, si Duty of seven Shillings and nine Pence

A Du»y of 7 $. 9 d. per cw\ to be paid for Salrpetrc imported by tIiw tttC of recited Order.

III. And whereas the Quantity of Saltpetre at present in this Kingdom, is alleged by the Manufac- Before Sept, i,

turers not to be fuffxicnt for the Supply of the fsveral Manufactures in which this Article is ufedbe it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time or Times, before the first Day ay!"

of September'one thousand seven hundred and nintty-one, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by importation of and with die Advice of his Privy Council, to permit the Importation into this Kingdom, from any foreign1 icoo Tons of Country, of any Quantity of Saltpetre, not exceeding one thousand Tons, the Produce or Manufacture Saltpetre iob]e£ of any Country whatever, subject to the Duty of ieven Shillings and nine Pence for each and every one 40 faJ hundred Weight of such Saltpetre, and subject to such Regulations as his Majesty in his said Order before6Juncaa* shall think fit to make; provided that such Importation be actually made before the twenty-fourth Day of 1791,

' June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

IV. And whereas it will be for the Benefit of several of the Manufactures of this Kingdom, that better c Provision should be made for a more ample and conilant Supply or Saltpetre, in whatever foreign Country

the same may be produced or manufactured, at a reasonable Price, and that the several Duties now payable on Saltpetre imported into this Kingdom should on that Account be repealed, and that one Duty should be fabftkuted in lieu thereof;' be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and pr0fn $fptt f

after the before mentioned first Day of Septa.tier one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, the Duty of 1-91, the Div-

seven Shillings and nina Pence per Hundred Weight, impeded on Saltpetre imported by the said United Com- ties now payable pany, and of two Shillings nnb three Pence per Hundred Weight, imposed on Saltpetre otherwise imported, °n ,rnPortc<i by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for re- ^c^CUC pealing the several Duties of Cu/ioms and Excfe, and granting other Duties in lieu t her erf and for applying the said Duties, together U'ith the other Duties comp flag the public k Revenue; for permitting the Importation ff certain Goods, (Dares, and Merchandize^ the Produce or A'lcniufailure of the European Dominions of the French King, into this kingdom; and Jor applying certain unclaimed Montes, remaining in the Exchequer f:r the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; except lo far as relates to any Saltpetre permitted, or which shall (except Saltpetre be permuted to be imported, by his Majesty's Orders in Council before mentioned, and except in all p-rmitted to be Cales relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying, any Arrears of the before-mentioned Duties respect imported determined by his tively. which may at any Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, relating thereto ^rd*r

respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time on or before the said first Day of September, one ,n °una thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of September *nd a ruty, f cne thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall pr,r CwU to be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, without Le p4i

2ay Discount or Abatement whatever, a Duty of three Pence for each and every one Hundred \Vcight of Saltpetre imported into the-Kingdom of Great Britain, from any Country whatever, except so far as re- latcs to any Saltpetre p».rmitted, or which shall be permuted to be imported by his Majesty's Orders in Council before-mentioned, which is to be subject to the Duty of seven Shillings and nine Pence per Hundred Weight, as before directed.'

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,* That the said Duty of seven Shillings and nine Dut, es to Pence* imposed on each and every Hundred Weight of Saltpetre permitted tobg imported by his Majesty, ^Law*'aow 1*

by force.

144 C. 42. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

From Sept. 1, 179T, the East Jnda Company to [ ut up for Sale, half-yearly, certain Quantities of Sal petre at certain Rates;

tr Failure of

which, his Majesty in Council m »y permit the Importation of it, subject to the Puty of 3 d. per cw:.

How the Average of Sales is to be reckoned.

E*om Sept. 1, F/91, so much of Geo. 3. c. 29. a? grants an Allowance of 4s. 6 d. on eve-

ry Barrel of British Gunpowder

exported, 2nd (o much of a 3

Geo. 3. c. 77.

as allows a Drawback of the

by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, in Manner before-mentioned, and the said Duty of three Pence herein-before imposed on each and every Hundred Weight of Saltpetre imported after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, shall be.levied, raised, collected, paid, managed, recovered, and applied, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions, and subject to the same Forfeitures and Penalties for the Breach thereof, as are contained in any Law now in force with respect to Saltpetre imported into this Kingdom.

VII. And in order to insure at all Times the Supply of a sufficient Quantity of Saltpetre for the Use of the Manufactures of this Country, and the Sale thereof at a reasonable Rate; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, the said United Company shall, and they are hereby required, half-yearly, at each of their publick Saks, to put up five thousand Bags of Saltpetre more than shall appear, upon an Average taken of the four last preceding Sales, to have been sold by the said United Company, at each of the said Sales, at the Price of thirty-one Shillings per Hundred Weight, and not higher, in Time of Peace, and at the Price of forty Shillings per Hundred Weight, and not higher, in Time of War or publick Hostility; and that the Refradtion of such Saltpetre so put up shall not exceed, on an Average, five Pounds in every one hundred and twelve Pounds of such Saltpetre.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said United Company shall not, as before directed, declare, within fourteen Days before* each publick Sale, their Intention to put up, or in cale they shall not at each publick Sale put up the before-mentioned Quantity of such Saltpetre at the before-mentioned Prices respectively, it shall and may be lawful, from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to permit the Importation from any foreign Country of the whole of the said Quantity of Saltpetre, or of so much thereof, as the Case may be, the Produce or Manufacture of any Country whatever, subject to the said Duty of three Pence for each and every Hundred Weight thereof, as shall be sufficient to make the Quantity so declared and so put up by the said United Company, at the Price hereinbefore directed, amount to the full Quantity of five thousand Bags more than shall appear, by an Average taken of the four last preceding Sales, to have been sold by the said United Company at each of the said Sales; and the Importation of such Quantity of Saltpetre, subject to the said Duty of three Pence for each and every Hundred Weight thereof, shall be in such Manner, and under such Regulations, Restrictions, Securities, and Conditions, as his Majesty, by and with the Advice aforesaid, shall order.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Saltpetre, so permitted to be imported, shall, for the Purpose of taking the Average of four preceding Sales,^ in Manner herein-before directed, be deemed and reckoned as sold by the said United Company, and be included in and made a Part of such Average.

X. At ;d be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, so much of an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder, as grants an Allowance of four Shillings and six Pence for every Barrel of such Gunpowder; containing one hundred Pounds net Weight, exported out of this Kingdom; and also so much of an Act passed in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effedital Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, as enacts, That the Duties of Customs payable and chargeable by any Act or Acts of Parliament on the Importation of Saltpetre, uled and consumed in making Oil of Vitriol, shall be repaid and drawn back, be, and the same are hereby repealed.

Du'ies on irr.poi ted Saltpetre, uftd in making Oil of Vitriol, repealed.

So much of 1 Ann*, Stat. 1, c. 12. as requires the East India Company to deliver into the K ing's Stotes a certain Quantity of Saltpetre, repealed, and the (Quantity herein men ion-ed to be delivered,

od TVlure of which, his Majesty in Council may authorise the Master General of the

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for granting an Ail to her Majesty by divers Sulftdies and a Land Tax, as requires the said United Company to deliver yearly (if demanded) the Quantity of four hundred and ninety-four Tons and one Quarter of Saltpetre, into the Stores of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, at the Price of forty-five Pounds per Ton in Time of Peace, and fifty-three Pounds per d on in Time of War, or publick Hostility, be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that, in lieu thereof, the said United Company shall yearly jelerve and deliver into the Stores of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, five hundred I ons of Saltpetre, at the average Prices at which the said United Company shall have declared and put up Saltpetre at their publick Sales, during the current Year, the Refradtion of such Saltpetre not to exceed five Pounds in every one hundred and twelve Pounds Weight; and if the Refradtion of such Saltpetre shall exceed the Rate aforesaid, then the Overplus of such Refradtion, at the Rate aforesaid, shall be allowed and repaid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by the said United Company, out of the said Price; and if the Refradlion of such Saltpetre be less or under five Pounds in every one hundred ami twelve Pounds Weight, then the said United Company shall be allowed and paid by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at the Pi ice aforesaid, so much more as the Difference between the real Refradtion of the Saltpetre so delivered, and the before-mentioned Refraction of five Pounds in every one hundred and twelve Pounds, shall amount to.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said United Company shall in any Year not reserve and deliver into the Stores of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Whole of the said respective Quantities of Saltpetre, as the Case may be, of the Quality and at the Price before-mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice

of

Co the Duty of 3d. per Cwt.

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Geoelgii III. C. 43. 145

)f his or their Privy Council, to authorise and permit the Matter General of the Ordnance to import, for Ordnance to jm-the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, the Whole of such respective Quantities of Saltpetre, as Port ,r* '

the Case may be, or so much thereof, the Produce or Manufacture of any Country whatsoever, fuojeit to Ca the u,v 0 the said Duty of three Pence per Hundred Weight, as shall be sufficient to make the Quantity reserved and delivered into the said Stores amount to the respective full Quantities of Saltpetre, as the Case may be, herein-before required,

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax* to the importing Sale from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Bri~

/^ft-made Cordage; to continue and amend several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; and to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to make perpetual an Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to permit the free Importation of raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial,

‘ and are near expiring:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for framing a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported; and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Yarn ? made of Flax; which said Act was by two other Acts made in the tenth and nineteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, extended and continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by two other Acts made in the twenty-seventh and twenty-eighth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for importing Salt from Europe into the Province tf/'Quebec in America, for a limited Time, which was to continue in force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, for the Term of one Year and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was by four Acts made in the sixth, thirteenth, twentieth, and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Br\t\(h-made Cordage; and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon foreign rough Hemp exported, which waN to be in force from the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, during the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was amended and further continued for the Term of three Years, and which by another Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefllion of Parliament, so far as the same relates to allowing a Bounty upon the Exportation of British-made Cordage; and which by another Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was revived, amended, and further continued for the further Term of four Years, and from thence to the End of the then*next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the lame is hereby further continued for the further Term of four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fishiries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, which was to be in force for five Years from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; and also so much of

31 Geo. III. U an

Preamble

29 Geo. 2. c. 15. for gi anting a Bounty on certain Species of Britirti and Irish Linens exported, &c. continued to June 24, 1792, &c.

4 Geo. 3. c. i2, for importing Salt into Quebec, continued until June 24, 1795.

6 Geo. 3. c. 45. so far as relates to granting a Bounty on Exportation of Bri-tiih-mace Cordage, which was revived by 26 Geo. 3. c. 85. continued lor Years.

26 Geo. 3. c. 41. for the Encouragement of th; Greenland Fi/bery, arid

146 C. 44, 45. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating //^Newfoundland, Greenland, and Southern Whale Fisheries, as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

so much of 29 Geo 3. c. 53, as relays to filing in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, continued until Dec. 25, 1792.

Harpooner?, &c, in the Greenland Fishery not to be impressed, and when not employed therein, may fail in the Coasting Trade.

Mariners in the Greenland Fish-<ry not to be imprefTid for a limittd Time.

26 Geo. 3. C. 89. extending to other Tools and Utensils 25 Geo. 3. c. 67. continued to the End of the next Session.

15 Geo. 3. C. 35. *to permit the free Importation of raw Goat Skins, made perpetual,

V. And whereas the Greenland Fishery Trade cannot be carried on without a certain Number of Men particularly qualified to carry on the said Fishery be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Harpooner, Line-manager, or Boat-steerer, who shall be in or belong to any Ship or Vessel in the Greenland Filliery Trade, and whose Name (distinguishing the Capacity in which the Person so named Is to act) shall be inserted in a List, which is hereby required to be delivered, on Oath, by the Owner of such Ship or Vessel to the Collector of the Customs at the Port from which such Ship or Vessel js intended to proceed upon the said Fishery (which Oath such Collector is hereby impowered and required to administer), shall be impressed from the said Service; and that any such Harpooner, Line-manager, or Boat-steerer may, during the Time of the Year that he or they are not employed in the said Fishery, 'fail in the Colliery or Coasting Trade, upon giving Security to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs, that he or they will proceed in the said Ship or Vessel to the Greenland Seas or Davis's Streights on the Whale Fishery the next Season; and that every Seaman or common Mariner who, after the first Day of February in any Year during the Continuance of this Act, shall be entered to serve on Board any Ship which shall be intended to proceed on the said Fishery in the following Season, whose Name shall be inserted in a List to be delivered as aforesaid, and who shall have given Security to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs to proceed, and shall proceed accordingly, shall be privileged and exempt from being impressed from or out of the said Service, from the said first Day of February till after the Expiration of the then next Season for the said Fishery, and until the Voyage Home from thence shall be fully complete and ended, and no longer; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and extend to ether Fools and Utensils, an Art, made in the twenty-fifth J 'ear of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to pro- bibit the Exportation to foreign Parts of Fools and Utensils made IJje of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom \ and to prevent the Jcducing of Artificers or Workmen, employed in those Mauipart lives, to go into Parts beyond the Seas \ which was to be in force until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by four Acts made in the twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, and thirtieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit the free Importation of rmv Goat Skins into this Kingdnn, for a limited Fime, which was to continue in force from the twentieth Day of ffune one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, for the Term of five Years, and from tncncc to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by two other Acts made in the twentieth and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby made perpetual.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, so far as relates to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

So much of 27 Geo. 3. c. 31* as directs that all Spirits shall be deemed of the Strength denoted by Clarke's Hydrometer, continued to the End of the next Session."

CAP. XLV.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

[Preamble.]

5 Geo. 1. c. 185

3 Geo. 2. c. 20 j

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of the late King George the First,

intituled, An Act for recovering the Credit of the British Fishery in foreign Parts, and better ft curing the Duties upon Salt, it is (among other Things) enacted, That a certain Bounty shall be paid for every Calk or Vessel of Pilchards, exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas, under the Restrictions and Regulations in the said Act mentioned: And whereas by another Act,

made in the third Year of the Reign of the late King George the Second, intituled, An Act for taking off certain Duties on Salt, and for making good any Deficiencies in the Funds that may happen thereby and for charging the reduced Annuity payable to the East India Company on the aggregate Fund; and so>' Relief of Matthew Lyon, Executor of Matthew Page, deccqfed, in rtf pert of the Duty for Salt lo/l by the Overflowing of the River Mersey, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, further Provisions are made

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 45.

for the Continuance and respecting the Payment of the before-mentioned Bounty: And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encou- ragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty on Pilchards taken, cured, and exported, the Bounty given and secured by the said two before-mentioned Acts was increased upon all Pilchards which should be exported from the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand -seven hundred and eighty-six, in Manner therein mentioned:

And whereas by another Act, made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, €C for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon 4t Pilchards taken, cured, and exported," the last recited Act was continued for five Years* from the twenty- fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, with such Amendment 2s in the said Act 4. of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty is mentioned: And W'hercas the said last f mentioned Act will expire on the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety- one, and the said Fishery is of great Importance to the Nation, by promoting useful Industry, providing for great Numbers of poor People, and serving as a Nursery for able Seamen, and it is necessary, for the Preservation of the said Fishery, that a Bounty should be continued to be allowed on the same for a limited Time, in such Manner as herein after mentioned May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for every Calk or Vessel of Pilchards, containing fifty Gallons, and so in proportion for a less Quantity thereof, which shall be exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain, into Parts beyond the Seas, between the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, upon which the Person or Persons exporting the same shall be intitled to the Bounty of seven Shillings by virtue of or under the said two several Acts of the fifth Year of the Reign of the late King George the First, and the third Year of the Reign of the late King George the Second, an additional Bounty of one Shilling and Sixpence shall be paid and payable to such Person and Persons lo intitled to the said Bounty of seven Shillings, at such Times, in such Manner, by such Person and Persons, and out of such Monies as the said Bounty of seven Shillings is by the same Acts, or either of them, directed to be paid.

allowed by the two

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the same Rules and Regulations shall be in force with rc-spect to the Pilchards exported within the Time herein-before mentioned, in order to prevent the re-landing, or re-importing thereof, and the Owners thereof shall be subject to the same Penalties, in case of re-landing, or any other fraudulent Proceedings, in order to obtain the said Bounties granted and payable by this Act, as by the said Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of the late King George the First, are prescribed and inflicted with regard to Fish cured in, and exported horn, that Part of Great Britain called England.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Fish intitled to the Bounty granted by this Act, upon Exportation thereof, shall be loaden for Exportation, and duly entered and passed by the proper Officer, and shall be loft or spoiled before the Ship's proceeding on her Voyage, then the "proper Officer of the Port or Ports where such Fish so loft or spoiled was or shall be entered, shall, upon due Proof thereof made upon Oath, before any of the chief Officers of such Port, (who are hereby impowered to administer the same,) by the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Fish, or his or their Agent or Agents, give a Debenture for the Bounty granted by this Act, as if such Fish had been actually exported to Parts beyond the Seas; provided that the said Fish was sunk in the Sea or Port where the said Ship was lost or destroyed, in the Sight of the proper Officer, where any of the said Fish shall come ashore; 2nd that no Use be made of the said Fish by the Proprietor or Proprietors, or his or their Agents; and the said Officer is hereby required to cause such Fish to be burnt or otherwise destroyed, any "Filing in this, or any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, he or they shall or may plead the General issue, and give this Act and the special Matters in Evidence, for his or their Defence; and if upon Trial a Verdict pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuit, or discontinue or forbear prosecuting such Action, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have double Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; for which Costs he or they shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Coils are by Law given to Defendants.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges incident to and attending the obtaining and

Jading of this Act shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the several Persons to whom the said additional iounty of one Shilling and Sixpence shall be payable and paid, rateably and in proportion according to the Sum or Sums of Money so by them respectively received, but not exceeding one Shilling and Sixpence on each Cask or Vessel of Pilchards containing fifty Gallons; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed in all Courts of Law as a public Act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others whomsoever, without being specially pleaded.

CAP.

*47

2 5 CCO. J. C.

58 i

and 26 Geo. > c. 45, recite*.

An additional Bounty of j s, 6d. per Carte, on Pilchards ef-poried between Jone 24, 1791, and June 24, 1798, to be paid to such Pei font a? shall be intitled to the Bounty of 7s. first recited Acts.

Rules prescribed by 5 Geo. 1. c. 18. to be observed.

If Fish intitled to the Bounlj be loft or spoiled before the Voyage, a Debenture for the same to be givensupoa

certain Conditions.

General Issue*

[Double Costs.]

How the Charges of passing this Act are to be paid.

[Publick Act.]

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

C. 46.

[Preamble.]

Justices in Session to appoint a Governor and other Officers for Houses of Cor-testioc, dee.

and may remove them, See

©fficen to give Security for Performance of their Duties, and may be proceeded against for Neglect, dec.

7 Jac. 1. c. 4. 17 Geo. 1. c. 5.

Governors may be compelled to

yi* PsHession.

Justices in Session to make Rules for Penitentiary Houser, &c*

19 Geo. 3. c.

74-

Rules to be fub-vritted to the Justices of Affiie, for Con* Srmation.

Rules may be altered.

Act not tn deprive Convicts uf any Allowance made by Law.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for the better regulating of Gaols, and other Places of Confinement.

'FOR the better Regulation of Gaols, and other Places of Confinement used as Houses of Correction ‘ JD or Penitentiary Houses, in and for the several Counties, Ridings, and Divisions, within that Part of Great Britain, called England Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Justices of the Peace assembled at one or more General or Quarter Sessions for any County, Riding, or Division, or at any special Adjournment thereof, held for such express Purpose of which Sessions or Adjournment publick Notice shall have b£en given in some Newspaper circulating in such County, and signed by the Clerk of the Peace, and at which five Justices at ' least shall be present, shall appoint a Governor or Talk Master, and such other Officers for every Place of Confinement used as a House of Correction, or Penitentiary House, in and for such County, Riding, or Division, and with such Salaries and Allowances for the said Governor, and other Officers, as they the said Justices, or the major Part of them, shall deem necessary, and to order or direct the said Salaries to be paid out of the County Rate; and the said Justices shall from Time to Time have Power, at their General or Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, as aforesaid, to remove the Governor and other Officers of the said Houses, and to appoint others m their Stead, and to increase or diminifti the Number of the Officers, exclusive of the Governor, and also to alter the Salaries and Allowances of such Governor, and other Officers, as they shall from Time to Time find convenient; and in fixing the Salary and Allowance of such Governor or Talk Master, the Justices shall have Regard, so far as may be, to the making the, Emoluments of the Office depend on the Quantity of Work done and performed in such Houses, that it may become the Interest as well as Duty of such Governor or Task Master to see that all Persons under his Custody be regularly and profitably employed; and such Governor and other Officers shall give such Security for the Performance of their respective Duties, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Justices, from Time to Time, at any such General or Quarter Sessions, shall appoint; and such Governor or other Officers, for any Negligence or MKbehaviour in their respective Offices, may either be proceeded against on the Security lb to be given, or shall be fineable by the said Justices, at any General or Quarter Sessions, in the same Manner as the Governor of any House of Correction is fineable by Justices of the Peace, by, an Act passed in the seventh Year of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the due Execution of £ vers Laws and Statutes heretofore made against Rogues, Vagabonds, and sturdy Beggars, and other lewd and idle Persons \ or by an Act of the seventeenth Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons and to Houses of QrrrsftJon^znd if any Governor of any such House, being removed by any Order of the said Justices, at their General or Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, shall refuse or neglect to quit the Possession of the said House for forty-eight Hours next after Notice given to him in Writing by the Clerk of the Peace, any two or more of the said Justices, upon Proof before them of such Order of Removal, such Notice thereof, and such Neglect or Refusa) to comply with the same may, by Warrant-under their Hands and Seals, direct the Sheriff of the said County to remove such Governor out of the said House, and the Sheriff shall accordingly clear the Possession thereof, in like Manner as upon a Writ of Habere facias Pojpjftonem.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, at some General or Quarter Sessions, or adjourned Session, as aforesaid, to make such Rules and Orders for receiving, separating, classing, dieting, cloathing, maintaining, employing, reforming, governing, managing, treating, and watching all Offenders, during their respective Confinement in the said Penitentiary Houses, and also for adjusting what Aid shall be given to them, as well during such Confinement as on their being released, as to the said Justices shall seem most fit and proper; but no such Rules and Orders shall be made at any such Sessions, unless five Justices at least shall be present; and in making such Rules and Orders, the said Justices shall have Regard to the Discipline, Provisions and Directions contained in an Act of the ninteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imbrifonment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders* concerning the two National Penitentiary Houses therein-mentioned; but such Rule$ and Orders so to be made as aforesaid, shall not begin to have Force until they have been submitted to the Justices of Assize* Great Session, Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, at the Assizes which shall be holden for such County next after the making of such Rules and Orders, or at some subsequent Assizes, and the said Justices, to whom such Rules and Orders shall have been submitted, shall have subscribed a Certificate or Declaration, that they do not fee any Thing contrary to Law in the said Rules and Orders so to be made as aforesaid; and all such Rules and Orders shall be afterwards added to, or altered, from Time to Time, as often as the said Justices of the Peace for such County, at any General or Quarter Sessions, or adjourned Session, as aforesaid, (at which five at least shall be present,) shall think necessary, and such Additions or Alterations' shall also in like Manner be submitted to the Justices of Assize, Great Session, Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, at any Assizes for such County, in Manner aforesaid, who shall subscribe such Certificate or Declaration as before mentioned; but nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive any Convict of the Benefit of any weekly or other Allowance which has usually been or hereafter may be granted or made by virtue of any Law, Statute, Custom, or Order, for

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 46. 149

the Purpose of maintaining and supporting convicted Prisoners, provided only that the Application of all and every such Allowance shall be subject to such Limitations and Restrictions as may be contained in the Rules and Orders herein directed to be made for the Government and Police of the said Houses.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Governor of the several Places of Confinement to be used as Houses of Correction or Penitentiary Houses, and his or their Assistants, shall have the same Powers over the Offenders to be confined therein, as are incident to the Office of a Sheriff or of a Gaoler, and in like Manner be answerable for the Escape of any Offender within his Custody; and moreover, the said Governor shall have Power to hear Complaints, and examine Persons touching Offences, and punish the same (except by Whipping) in such and the same Manner as the Governor of each Penitentiary t^ouse, directed to be built by the said Act of the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty, is by the said Act impowered to do; and in case of the Repetition of such Offences, or in case of Offences more.enormous, which the said Governor is not by this impowered to punish, the said Governor shall report the same to the visiting Justices, or one of them, for the Time being, to be appointed as herein after is directed, and such Justices, or one of them, shall have Power to inquire, upon Oath, and determine concerning all such Offences so reported to them, and shall order such Offenders to be punished, either by moderate Whipping, repeated Whippings, or by close Confinement, for any Term not exceeding one Month; and if any Person ordered to hard Labour shall at any Time, during the Term for which he or she shall be so ordered, break Prison, or shall escape from the Place of his or her Confinement, or in the Conveyance to the same, or from the Person or Persons having the lawful Custody of such Offender, or if any Person shall refeue any Offender who shall be ordered to hard Labour, either during his or her Conveyance to the Place of his or her Confinement, or whilst such Offender shall be in the Custody of the Person or Persons under whose Care and Charge he or she shall be confined, or if any Person shall be aiding or assisting in any such Refeue, or if any Person having such Custody as an Assistant shall voluntarily or negligently permit such Offender to escape, orjf any Person shall, by supplying Arrns, Tools, Instruments, or Means of Disguise, or otherwise in any Manner aid or aftift any such Offender in any Escape, or in any Attempt to make any Escape, though no Escape be actu2lly made, every such Offence as aforesaid shall be punished in the same Manner as the like Offence would be punishable under the before-mentioned Act of the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty, directing two National Penitentiary Houses to be built, if such had been committed by or in respect to any Person ordered to hard Labour in either of the said two Penitentiary Houses therein mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Provision made in and by the said Act of the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty, for carrying on Prosecutions for Escapes, Attempts to escape. Breaches of Prison, and Rescues, in the Case of Persons adjudged to either of the said Penitentiary Houses thereby directed to be built, shall extend and be applied to any Prosecution for any Escape, Attempt to escape. Breach of Prison, or Refeue, in the Case of any Person who under this Act shall be adjudged to any of the said Penitentiary Houses.

V. And, for better preventing all Abuses, as well in the common Gaols as in the said Houses of Correction, or other Places of Confinement to be used as Penitentiary Houses/ be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace shall, at every General or Quarter Sessions after the passing of this Act, appoint two or more Justices Visitors of each of the said Gaols and other Places of Confinement; and such visiting

Justices so respectively appointed shall, either together or ftngly, personally visit and inspect such Prison at east three Times in each Quarter of a Year and oftener if Occasion shall require, and shall examine into the State of the Buildings, the Behaviour and Conduct of the respective Officers, and the Treatment and Condition of the Prisoners, the Amount of their Earnings, and the Expences attending such Prison, and in Matters of prefting Nectfiity, and within the Powers of their Commission as Justices, shall take Cognizance thereon, and proceed to regulate and redress the same; and at every General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, the said visiting Justices respectively shall make a Report in Writing, of the State and Condi Jon of the same, and of all Abuses which may occur to their Observation therein; and the Chairman of the said Sessions is hereby required to call upon the said Visitors for such Report: And it shall be lawful for every Justice of the Peace for such County, Riding, or Division, of his own Accord, and without being appointed a Vilitor, to enter into and to examine the same at such Lime or Times, and as often as he shall think fit, and if he shall discover any Abuses therein, he is hereby required to report them in Writing at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or adjourned Sessions, which shall be holden for such County, Riding, or Division; and when and as often as Report of any Abuses in the said Place of Confinement shall be made by the said visiting Justices, or either of them, or by any other Justice of the Peace for such County, Riding, or Division, the Abuses so reported shall be taken into immediate Consideration by the Justices of the Peace for such County, Riding, or Division, at the General or Quarter Sessions, or adjourned Sessions, at which such Report shall be made, and they are hereby re-

Suired to adopt the most effectual Measures for inquiring into and rectifying such Abuses, as soon as the lature of the Case will allow.

VI. And, for establishing and enforcing a proper Police within the said Gaols, in and for the several Counties, Ridings, and Divisions, in England and TValesJ be it further enacted, That a Body of Rules,-Orders, and Regulations, as Bye-Laws for the Government of the said Gaols, and of the Prisoners to be therein confined, shall be framed, made, and confirmed by such Persons and in such Manner as is appointed for County Gaols in general, by a Statute of the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of Debtors with rfpeft to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who fall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time^ and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act^ to make Dfcovery r/] and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditor s

Benefit j

Powers and Duly of Governors.

Penalty on Persons escapirg from Confinement, or afftfting thrm to escape, &c.

Provision of 19 Geo. 3. c. 74, for Prosecution for Escapes, &c. to extend to this Act.

Visiting Justices to be appointed, &c.

Any Justice may examine Houses of Confintmentj &c.

Abuf-8 to be rectified by the Justicei in $l1'-lion.

Bye Laws to be made agreeable to

3a Go. 2. c. iS.

*5°

Rules for claflT-ing of Ruforers, &c. as directed by 24 Geo. 3.

. c. 54. to be con* formed to.

Offenders sentenced to Transportation after July I, 179[* rr.ay be imprisoned and kf ptto hard Labourtill transponed. See,

Keepers of Gaols, &c. to rrake Returns as fci.cin directed*

Visiting Justicec to examine Returns, Sec,

Persons under Sentence of Transportation to be kept Separate from other Prisoners except Felt nf.

Gaolers t > report to the Grand Jury the inefficiency of Cla >i«, jiot affoidinj* the Mr ans of Separation according to 24 Geo. 3. c. 54.

Provisions rt 19 Car. 1. c. 4. for Setting Per-f -ns in Gaol to work, recited.

Juflirtf may execute the recited Provision »n favour of all Prisoners willing to >0 fU.

C. 46. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

Benefit; and in the same Rules, Orders, and Regulations, proper and particular Directions shall be given for effectuating such Separation and Classing of Prisoners,^ as is directed by the aforesaid Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty, with such further Separation and Classing as shall be thought requisite, and also as well for enforcing, amongst the Prisoners of all Descriptions, Cleanliness, Temperance, and a decent and orderly Behaviour, as for securing a just and humane Treatment of them by the Gaoler and his Servants, and all Directions contained in the said Act, respecting such Rules and Orders, shall be exactly* conformed to.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it may be lawful for the Court by whom any Offender shall be sentenced to Transportation for Crimes committed after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, or, in the case of any Offender to whom his Majesty's Royal Mercy shall be extended on Condition of Transportation, or for any Judge or Justice of the Court by or before whom such Offender shall have been convicted, or any Justice of the King's Bench, Common Pleas, oi\Baron of the Exchequer, being of the Coif, or Justice of Oyer and Terminer, or General Gaol Delivery, or Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Seinon, to order and adjudge that such Perl'on shall be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour in the Common Gaol in and for the County where such Offender shall have been convicted, until he or she be transported or otherwise removed according to Law, or until he or she, by the Expiration of the Term of such Sentence of Transportation or otherwise, shall be entitled to his or her Liberty: Provided always, and it is hereby expressly declared, That the Time during which such Offender shall so continue confined, shall be reckoned in Discharge, or Part of Discharge or Satisfaction of the Term of his or her Transportation.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper of the Common Gaol, and also the Governors or Keepers of the several Places of Confinement to be used as Pcnitent.ary Houses in and for each County, Riding, or Division, on the first Day of every Assizes, Great Sessions, or General Gaol Delivery, shall make a just and true Return in Writing to the Clerk of Assizes, or other Clerk or proper Officer of such Court, specifying the Number and Size of the Cells completed for the Reception of Prisoners ordered to Imprisonment and hard Labour, the Name of all and every the Person or Persons in his Custody, the Offences of which they have been guilty, the Court before which each Person was convicted, the Sentence of the Court, if tried and convicted before any Court of Record, or, if committed by one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, then the Name of the Justice or Justices before whom such Person or Persons was or were convicted, and the Offence of which such Person or Persons was or were convicted the Age, bodily Estate, and Behaviour of every such Convuft.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such Return, before it is delivered into Court, shall be examined by one or more of the visiting Justices to be appointed as herein-before directed, who is hereby required to sign such Return, and to annex thereto such Observations as he shall think fit on every Particular therein contained.

X. And be it further enacted, That as long as any Person under Sentence of Transportation shall continue in the Common Gaol, the Gaoler having uilody of such Offender fh«lL and he is hereby required to fepaiate such Convict, as far as conveniently may be, from every Person in his Custody, except Prisoners convicted of Felony.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Common Gaol shall not bn in a State to afford the Means of Separation according to the Directions of the said Me! of the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,* intituled, An Act to explain andr.m nd an Art made in the ninth, eleventh, and tivcftb Years of the Reign of W 1 lliam the Third, the said Gaider lh.iil, and he is hereby icquired to report the Inefficiency of such County Gaol to the Grand Jury ar the Alii/cs, Great Sessions, or General Gaol Delivery next to be holden after the passing of this Act, and at every subsequent Assize, Great Seiliun, or General Gaol Delivery, till such Means of Separation shall be effected. 4

XII. And whereas, by an Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Ciiarlfs the Second, intituled, An Act for Rcl'nf of poor Pri/otnrs, and fri ting them on I Perk, alter reciting that theie was nor any sufficient Provision made for the Relief and letting on Work of poor and needy Persons committed to the common Gaol for P'clony and other Misdemeanois, who many Times penih before their Trial, and the Poor there living idly and unemployed become debauched, and come forth instructed in the Practice of Thievery and Lewdness, it is enacted, That the Justices of the Peace in their respective Counties, at any of their General Sessions, if they shall find it needful so to do, may provide a Stock of such Mate- rials as they find convenient for the letting poor Prisoners on Work, in such A fanner and by such Ways as other County Charges may be levied and raised, and to pay and provide fit Persons to overlee and set such Persons on Work, and make such Oiders for Accounts of and concerning the Premises as shall by them be thought needful, and for Punishment of Neglects and other Abuses, and for bestowing the Profits arising by the Labour of the Prisoners set on Work for their Relief, which shall be duly observed, and may alter, revoke, or amend such their Orders from Time to Time, provided that no Parish be rated above six Pence by the Week towards the Premises, having Respect to the respective Values of the several Parishes: And whereas the Provision of the said recited Statute is very fit to be executed with respect to such Prisoners therein described as shall be confined in the Gaols, with an Extension thereof to all other Prisoners inclined to take the Benefit thereof, and also an increase of the Sum limited by the said Act for defraying the Expence of executing the same:' Be it therefore enacted, That the Justices of the Peace shall have Authority to execute the said recited Provision in the said last mentioned Act, for letting poor Persons on Work, as well in regard to such Persons as are therein described, as in favour of all other Prisoners

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo

151

foners within the said Gaols, who may'at any Time be inclined and willing to work; and for that Purpose are hereby authorised, at a General or Quarter Session of the Peace for the said County, or at any Adjournment thereof, to direct the Payment of such Sums of Money out of the County Rate for the said County as they shall from Time to Time think fit to be expended in executing the Provision of the said last mentioned Act, according to the Extension thereof hereby made.

XIII. And whereas, by an Act of the fourteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, c An Act how Vagabonds shall be punishcdy and the Poor relieved, as also by the above-mentioned Act of the thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, some Provision is made for the Relief of Prisoners; but, notwithstanding the humane Purposes thereby intended, the Health of Prisoners is fre- questly so affected, by Want of necessary Food, as to render them incapable of Labour when released, c and therefore it may be expedient to have a more extensive Provision in favour of such poor Prisoners c as shall be confined in the said Gaols and other Places of Confinement, and have not any Means of acquiring necessary Sustenance Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, at their General or Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, from Time to Time to order such Sum or Sums of Money to be paid out of the County Rate, towards assisting such Prisoners, of every Description, as, being confined within the said Gaols or other Places of Confinement, are not able to work, or being able, cannot procure Employment sufficient to sustain themselves by their Industry, or who may not be otherwise provided for by virtue of any Law or Statute, or of any Custom, or Order, such Food and Raiment as the said Justices shall, from Time to Time, think necessary for the Support of Health; and such Money shall accordingly be applied, in conformity to Directions to be given by the said Justices.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Visitors shall at any Time observe, or be satisfactorily informed of any extraordinary Diligence or Merit in any of the Offenders under their Inspection, they shall report the same to the Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, or Great Sessions, at their next or any subsequent Session to be holden for the County in which such OHender was convicted, in order that such Justices may, if they shall think proper, recommend such Offender to the Royal Mercy, in such Degree or upon such Terms as to them shall seem meet, and if his Majesty shall thereupon be graciously pleased to shorten the Duration of such Offender's Confinement, such Offender shall, together with nc-cessary Cloathing, receive such Sum of Money for his or her immediate Subsistence, as the said visiting Justices shall think proper, so as such Sum shall not exceed twenty Shillings, nor be less than five Shillings, in cale such Offender shall have been confined for the Space of one Year and so in Proportion for any shorter 'Perm of Confinement; and such Sums of Money, as also the Expence of such Cloathing, shall be paid out of the County Rate.

14EIIZ.

Justices in Seffiun may order A ftiftance out of the County Rates to Pi iloners v> ho cannot work, &c4.

Visitors toreport any extraordinary Diligence or Merit in Offenders to U'e Great Silijn*, &c.

Justices of Peace assembled at their General or Quarter Sessions, or at some special Adjournment thereof as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby required, within twelve Months after the passing of this Act, to regulate and settle a 'Fable of Fees and Rates to be taken by the Gaoler or Keeper of the Gaols or other Pkces of Confinement as aforesaid; and the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid, are hereby authorised and impowered from Time to Time to alter, vary, or totally disallow of all or any such Charges and Fees, and to order a Copy of the Table of Fees so regulated to be hung up in the Court of Assize and Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, or Division, and another Copy thereof to be transmitted to the said Gaoler or Keeper, who shall cause the same to be hung up in some conspicuous Place within the Gaols or Penitentiary Houses; and all Orders and Directions contained in the said last mentioned Act, reflecting the Table of Fees and Rates to be taken by Gaolers or Keepers of Prisons, shall be conformed to as if the same were herein particularly enacted and repeated; and by way of Recom pence for any Diminution of Emolument in the Office of Gaoler or Keeper of the said Gaols or Penitentiary Houses, by Means of any such Regulation of Fees, or by the disallowing any such Charges on the County Rate, or any Part thereof, as well as for and in lieu of ail or any Part of the Profits and Emoluments that have ufunlly arisen from the Office of Gaoler or Keeper, the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid are hereby further authored and impowered to grant such Salaries and Allowance> to the said Gaoler or Keeper, and to his Assistants, as to the said Justices shall appear reasonable and iathtaftory, and from Time to Time to alter and vary the same as they shall think fit; and to order and direct the said Salaries and Allowances to be paid out of the County Rate, by the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Division, upon an Order or Orders, signed by the Chairman of any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the County, Riding, or Division, specifying the Salary and Allowance lo directed to be paid: Provided always, That no such Regulation of Fees and Charges, or any subseqirjnt Alteration thereof, or any Variation in such Salaries and Allowances so granted, that may in anywise aftest the Sheriff' or his Officers, shall take place or have Ertest pending the Continuance in Office of the Sheriff who shall be actually in Commission at the Time of making such Regulation, or any Alteration thereof, or of varying such Salaries and Allowances, unless such Sheriff shall, by Writing under his Hand, consent thereto; and the said Justices, in granting to any Gaoler or Keeper any such Salary or Allowance, may stipulate, as a Condition of the Payment thereof, that he do regularly observe and keep the Rules and Orders of the Gaol: And it is hereby further exprefdy provided. That no such Salary and Allowance shall be paid out of such County Rate to any Woman, or other Person

Justices in SeL fi n t) settle a Table of Fecstar Gaolers, &c.

and may grant

Silnr.e* where Enrcjlume-.ts are diminished.

Regulation of Fa-cs aftef'ing the ShmJF, 10 be consented to by him, < r not to take pi ice dining hsCon'i* numcc in Office. Justices may fti-puiate with Gailers lor Fay. ment of SaUiitj> which are not

1

I52

We given to Per Tons incj-p »b‘e of executing the Office. How Penalties are to be reco-\ esed and applied.

Offenders may be committed to Prison lor want of DifireJs.

Form of Conviction.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions, &c*

No Proceedings to be quashed lor a nt ut Form,

Sec.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

C. 46. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

incapable of executing the Office in Person, who may at any Time be appointed Gaoler or Keeper of such Gaol.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fine?, Forfeitures, and Penalties, inflicted by this Act, or which shall be inflicted by virtue of any Rule or Order to be made in pursuance thereof, the levying and recovering of which are not particularly herein directed, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two Justices of the Peace, who are hereby authorised to hear and examine Witnesses on Oath or Affirmation, and determine the same; and all such respective Fines, forfeitures, and Penalties, by this Act imposed and inflicted, or authorised to be imposed and inflicted, the Application whereof is not herein-before particularly directed, shall be paid from Time to Time to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Division, for the Time being, and shall be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act, and to or for no other Use or Purpose wfrStsoever; and the Overplus of the Money raised by such Sale, after deducting the Penalty, and the Expences of the Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods so distrained and fold; and for want of sufficient Distress the Offenders shall be committed by such Justice to some Prison for the said County, Riding, or Division, for such Term, not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month, as such Justices shall think proper.

XVII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case shall happen; videlicet:

" "BE it remembered, That on in the Year of our Lord one thousand

" seven hundred A.B. is convicted before me C.D. one of his Majesty's

" Justices of the Peace for the County of [ Specifying the Offence, and the Time and

" Place when and where the same was committed, as the Case shall be]. Given under my Hand and Seal, the " Day and Year firit above mentioned."

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, within four Calendar Months after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen; such Appellant first giving or causing to be given seven clear Days Notice at lead, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Conviction shall have been had, and to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Division, in which such Offence shall be tried, and within two Days after such Notice* enter into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Cods as shall be awarded by, the Justices at such Quarter Session; and the Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a Summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Session shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act conta'ned, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed for want of Form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed to be unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall such Party or Parties be deemed a

shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made, by or on Behalf of the Party distraining, before such Action brought.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act or the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was^ doneby Authority of this Act; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff* cr Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after Blue joined, or if, upon Demurrer or otherwise. Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have by Law in other cases; and though a Verdict shall be given for any Plaintiff, in any such Action or Suit as aforesaid, such Plaintiff' shall not have Costs against the Defendant, unless the Judge

of the Action, and of the Verdict obtained

before whom the Trial shall be, shall certify his Approbation of thereupon.

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 4.7. 153

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions, to be commenced against Limitation of any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be laid and tried in the County Actions, or Place where the Fads were committed, and shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the Fad committed, and not otherwise.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to prevent other Ships than those laden with Tobacco from mooring and discharging their Lading at the Places appointed by an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof; to prohibit the Exportation of damaged or mean Tobacco; and for permitting the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff into the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made and passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuffs and for granting new Ge.>. 3! c 62#

Duties in lieu thereof the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively were re- recited/

quired from Time to Time, to fix and appoint, or cause to be fixed and appointed, and from Time to Time continued, at such and every of the respective Ports in England and Scotland respectively, in the said Act 6 enumerated, a certain Place for the mooring all Ships or Vessels in or on board which any Tobacco should be imported or brought into Great Britain, according to the Directions of the said Act, and which should

come or arrive within such respective Ports, and certain Provisions were made therein for enforcing the same; under the Authority of which Ad the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland have respectively appointed certain Places for the Purpose of mooring all Ships and Vessels in or on board which any Tobacco should be imported, at the Ports therein enumerated: And whereas it is necessary,

in order to give lifted to the Provisions of the said Act before-mentioned, that such Ships or Vessels only as are laden with Tobacco should be moored, and discharge their Cargoes at the Places so appointed by the respective Commissioners */ Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hun- None but To-dred and ninety-one, it shall not be lawful for any Ship or Vessel arriving at any of the said Ports in the said bacco Ships to Ad enumerated, other than such Ships as shall be laden in the Whole-or in Part with Tobacco, to be moored, be moored, &c. or the Lading thereof discharged, at or within the Limits of any of the Places appointed, or to be ap- wl*thlQftthheeLi" pointed by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act, for the mooring of Ships laden with Tobacco; and in pia^esappointed case any Ship or Vessel shall be moored, or the Lading thereof discharged contrary to this Act, the Matter, under recited or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and wilfully offending Act for mooring herein, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered, mid- such shlPs> or* gated, and applied, under and subject to the like Rules, Regulations, rowers, and Provisions, as other Penaky°f*°b Penalties and Forfeitures, for any Offence or Offences committed against the said Act of the twenty-ninth Year aforesaid, or any other Act or Acts made for the securing the Revenue of Customs are directed to be recovered, mitigated, or applied, and as fully and amply as if all the Rules, Regulations, Powers and Provisions of the said Acts respectively were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

II. And whereas by the said Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

among other Things, the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of Tobacco imported according to the Regulations of that Ad, are allowed to export, under the Restrictions therein mentioned, such damaged or mean Tobacco as he or they shall refuse to pay the Duties for,

and which shall have been separated from found Tobacco, according to the Directions of that Ad:

And whereas the permitting in future the Exportation of any such damaged or mean Tobacco may be detrimental to the fair Importers of Tobacco, and productive of Injury to the Revenue Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, it shall Damaged To-not be lawful to export any such damaged or mean Tobacco, but the same shall be burnt and de- bacco to be stroyed under the Directions of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs and Excise respectively; and burnt, and no the said respective Commissioners shall sell and dispose of the Ashes arising therefrom for the most Money niadTiheCim°- C that can be gotten for the same; and no Allowance shall be made to the Importer or Importers, Pro- porter for the prietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, for or in Consideration of any such damaged or mean frme. Tobacco.

III. And whereas by the said Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That no Tobacco or Snuff* whatever shall be imported or brought into any Part of Great Britain, except the Ports of London, Bristol, Liverpool, Lancaster, Cowes,

Falmouth, Whitehaven, Hull^ Port Glasgow, Greenock, and Leith, upon Pain of Forfeiture of all such Tobacco and Snuff* respectively as shall be imported or brought into any Part of Great Britain, except some or one of the said Ports herein-before enumerated, together with the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests,

cases, and other Packages respectively, containing such Tobacco or Snuff respectively, and the Ship or Vessel in or on board which the same shall be so imported or brought, together with her Guns, Furni- ture, Amunition, Tackle, and Apparel: And whereas it is expedient to permit the Importation of To- bacco and Snuff into the Port of Nnvcqjlle upon Tyne Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the tenth Day of June one thoiffand seven hundred and ninety-one, nothing in the said Tobacco and 31 Geo. III. X recited Snutrmajbtim-

*54-

ported Into the Port of New-cafileuponTync, under the Regulation of Acts in force on June lo# 1791, &c.

[Preamble.]

From Aog. I, 1791, Persons unlawfully catching Oysters or Brood within the Limits of any Fishery, punishable by Fine and Im prisonnoent.

Act not to extend to the taking floating JFito,

C. 47 - 51. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

recited Act shall extend, or be construod to extend, to prevent the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff into the said Port of Nevucqjile, but that it shall and may be lawful to import Tobacco and Snuff into the said Port of Newcnjile.

IV. Provided always, That, on the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff into the said Port of Newcastle, the same shall be subject and liable to all and each and every the Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures to which Tobacco and Snuff are respectively subject and liable by virtue of the said recited Act, or any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, on and immediately before the said tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, on being imported into any of the Ports particularly enumerated in the said recited Act; and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Directions, and Authorities in and by the said recited Act, and every other Act and Acts of Parliament in force, on and immediately before the said tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, relating to Tobacco and Snuff imported into any of the said enumerated Ports, shall apply and be put in full Force and Execution, with respect to Tobacco and Snuff imported into the said Port of Nevocafth, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses, Powers, Directions, and Authorities were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Directions, and Authorities in and by the said recited Act, and every other Act or Acts of Parliament relating toTobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, shall also apply and be put in full Force and Execution, with respect to the said Port of NewcajHc, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses, Powers, Directions, and Authorities were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

[3,500,000l.]

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for defraying the publick Expences occasioned by the Augmentation of his Majesty's Forces in the Vear one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

[1,833,000l.]

CAP. L.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

[2,000,000l.]

CAP. LI.

An Act for better protesting the several Oyster Fisheries within this Kingdom.

WHEREAS the maintaining and preserving the several Oyster Fisheries of this Kingdom is a great national Object: And whereas the Laws nowin being are not sufficient effectually to main- tain and preserve the said Fisheries, and to prevent the destroying of the Oyster Brood therein; in order therefore the better to protest the said Fisheries, and to prevent the destroying of the Oyster Brood within the same, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by ai>d with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Ti ne from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, with or by Means of any Net, Traul, Dredge, or other Instrument or Engine whatsoever, take or catch any Oysters or Oyster Brood, within the Limits of any Oyster fishery of this Kingdom, or shall dredge for Oysters or Oyster Brood, or use any Oyster Dredge, or any Net, Instrument, or Engine whatsoever, within the Limits of any such Fishery, for the Purpose of taking or catching Oysters or Oyster Brood, although no Oysters or Oyster Brood shall be actually taken, or shall, with any Net, Instrument, or Engine, drag upon the Ground or Soil of any such Fishery, all and every such Person and Persons (other than and except such Persons as shall be the Owners, Lessees, or Occupiers of such Fishery, or shall be otherwise lawfully intitled to take or catch Oysters therein) shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of an Offence and Mifdeincanor, and shall and may be prosecuted for the same by Indictment at the Assizes, or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden in and for the County, Riding, or Division in which such Fishery shall lie; and the Justices in Sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine all and every such Offence and Offences; and such Person or Persons being lawfully convicted by Verdict, or by his or their own Confession, shall and may be punished for any of the said Offences, by Fine and Imprisonment, or either of them, as the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be so convicted shall think proper, such Fine not to exceed twenty Pounds, or be Ids than forty Shillings, and such Imprisonment not to be for more than three Months, or less than one Month.

II. Provided always, "That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or hinder any Person or Persons whomsoever from taking, catching, or fishing for any floating Fish in the Waters or Creeks within the Limits of any Oyster Fishery, with any Net, Instrument, or Engine, which shall be made or fitted for the Purpose of taking or catfching ligating Fish only.

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 51.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace acting for any County, Riding, or Division, wherein any Offence shall be committed contrary to this Act, upon Complaint and Oath made before him (which Oath he is hereby impowered to administer), that any Person or Persons, except as aforesaid, hath or have, within thirty Days next preceding such Complaint, taken or caught any Oysters or Oyster Brood, within the Limits of any Oyster Fishery, or dredged for Oysters, or Oyster Brood, or used any Oyster Dredge, or any Net, Instrument, or Engine, within the Limits of any such Fishery, for the Purpose of taking or cathing Oysters or Oyster Brood, although no Oysters or Oyster Brood shall be actually taken; or with any Net, Instrument, or Engine, dragged upon the Ground or Soil of any Oyster Fishery, to issue out a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal for the apprending of the Person or Persons so offending, and for bringing him or them before himself or any other Justice of the Peace acting for such County, Riding, or Divinon; and the Justice, before whom such Person or Persons shall be brought, shall, and is hereby authorised and required, if he fee Cause, to commit him or them to the common Gaol, or other usual Place of Confinement for Prifotters, in and for such County, Riding, or Division, there to remain until the then next Assizes, or then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden in and for such County, Riding, or Division, whichever shall first happen next after such Person or Persons shall be so apprehended and brought before such Justice, unless such Person or Persons shall enter into Recognizance before such Justice with two good and sufficient Sureties (each and every of them in the Penalty of twenty Pounds), to appear either at the said next A lazes or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall first happen as aforesaid, then and there to answer to any Indictment or Indictments that shall or maybe preferred against him or them, under or by virtue of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, except as aforesaid, shall be found actually taking or catching any Oysters or Oyster Brood, within the Limits of any Oyster Fishery, or dredging for Oysters or Oyster Brood, or using any Oyster Dredge, or any Net, Instrument, or Engine whatsoever, within the Limits of any Oyster Fishery, for the Purpose of taking or catching Oysters or Oyster Brood, although no Oysters or Oyster Brood shall be actually taken, or with any Net, Instrument, or Engine dragging upon the Ground or Soil of any such Oyster Fishery, it shall be lawful for any Person being an Owner, Lessee, or Occupier of such Fishery, or otherwise lawfully inti tied to take or catch Oysters therein, and for his Apprentice or Servant (in case the Person or Persons offending against this Act shall, on being required so to do, refuse to discover his or their real Name or Names, and the true Place or Places of his or their Abode or Residence respectively) to seize, secure, and detain every such Person so being found actually taking or catching any Oysters or Oyster Brood, or dredging for Oysters, or using any Oyster Dredge, or any Net, Instrument, or Engine for the Purpose aforesaid, although no Oysters or Oyster Brood shall have been actually taken, or with any Net, Instrument or Engine dragging upon the Ground or Soil of such Oyster Fishery, and refusing to discover his real Name and true Place of Abode, and forthwith to carry him and them before any Justice of the Peace ailing for such County, Riding, or Division; and the said Justice, on Oath being made before him (which Oath he is hereby impowered to administer) of the Offence against this Act, for which such Person or Persons was or were seized or secured and detained, shall and is hereby authorised and required to proceed against him and them, in such and the same Manner as if he or they had been apprehended and brought before such Justice by virtue of a Warrant or Warrants issued for that Purpose, under the Authority of this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Justice of the Peace shall, by virtue of this Act, commit any Person or Persons, or take or require any Security from him or them, for his or their Appearance as aforesaid, unless one good and sufficient 1 Joufeholder, being an Owner, Lessee, or Occupier of, or otherwise lawfully intitled to take or catch Oysters in the Oyster Fishery wherein the Offence shall be sworn to have been committed (whose Oath that he is such Owner, Lessee, or Occupier, or otherwise lawfully intitled as aforesaid, shall be sufficient Evidence thereof to such Justice), shall enter into Recognizance before the said Justice in the Penalty of twenty Pounds, for his appearing either at the then next Assizes, or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Division, as the Case may be, and then and there preferring and prosecuting with Effect a Bill of Indictment against the Person or Persons so to be committed, or bound by Recognizance, for the Offence or Offences, for which he or they shall be so committed or bound as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time after any Person or Persons shall have been committed in pursuance of this Act, two good and sufficient Sureties shall, before the Justice by whom such Person or Persons was or were committed, or any other Justice of the Peace for the same Gunny, Riding, or Division, enter into Recognizance in the Penalty ot twenty Pounds each, with Coi.il* lion for the Appearance of such Person or Persons so committed at the then next Affiz:s, or General Quarter Session* of the Peace for the same County, Riding, or Division, which shall first happen, then and there to answer to any Indictment or Indictments that shall or may be preferred against him or them by virtue of this Act; then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for any such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to erder such Person or Persons to be discharged from his or their laid Commitment, and delivered out of Custody, and he and they shall be discharged accordingly; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, alter, abridge, or aftedt any Act of Parliament now in force, reflecting any particular Oyster Fishery within this Kingdom, or any Clause, Regulation, Method of Proceeding, Power, Matter, or 'Piling therein; but that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Jurisdictions, and Directions contained in all such Acts of Parliament, shall and may be pursued, enforced, exercised, and executed in such Manner and Form, and as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made.

155

' Justices mjy i(Iuc Warrants for apprehending Offenders, and for want of Sureties, nrny commit them til] the Quuter Sessiona.

Persons found taking cr using Engines for taking OyiV-ra or Brood, refusing to discover themselves, may be seized, &c.

No Jufllce to

commit, or require Security tr. m any Per-fors, without Recognizance is entered into to prosecute.

Persons may he discharged from Confinement uoon Recognizance.

This Act not to affect any Act now in force respeding any particular Uyfler i ilhery,

156

or to preclude Proffeution tt the Common Law«

Ltmitat'on of Actions*

Central Issue.

Double CeAs* Publick Act*

Pie amble.

jo Geo. 3. C. 33. rtci:cd*

From Aug. 1, 1791, no Vessel clearing out from Great Britain, to carry Slaves from Af;ica in greater Numbers than herein fptcifitd.

Veflc!s to be

deemed of ifre

Toaoage fee

C., 51 - 54. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 179E

VIII. Provided also, Tint nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent bar, or preclude any Person from commencing any Prosecution or Action at the Common Law for any Act or Offence herein-before described, which shall be done or committed within the Limits of any Oyster Fishery, in such Manner and Form as if this Act had not been made; but, nevertheless, when any Person shall have been punished in pursuance and by virtue of this Act, for any Offence against the same, such Person shall not be prosecuted by virtue of any other Law or Statute, or be liable to any other Punishment or Penalty for the same Offence, or to have any Action or Suit in Law or Equity brought again it him on Account of that Offence for which he shall have been punished in pursuance of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Action at Law shall be brought or commenced against: any Perfon or Persons for any Arrest authorised to be made, or any other Matter or Thing done, or to be done, by virtue: of this Act, until after twenty-one Days Notice thereof, in Writing, shall have been given to the Person or Persons against: whom such Action is intended to be brought, or left at his or their last usual Place or Places of Abode, setting forth the Cause of such Action, and that every such Action shall be brought within the Space of six-Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and shall be laid and tried in the proper County wherein the same did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue, and on the Trial thereof give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if, on the Trial of such Action, it shall appear that the same was commenced without having given such Notice, or before the Expiration of twenty-one Days next after such Notice shall have been so given or left as aforesaid, or after the End of six Calendar Months next after the Cause thereof shall have arisen, or if such Action shall be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, or after fufneient Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, that then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, a Verdict shall be entered as found for the Defendant or Defendants; and in all Cases where a Verdict shall be found or entered for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue the same after Appearance, or shall be nonsuited, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against: the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have double Cods, and the like Remedies for recovering the same as Defendants have by Law for recovering their Coils in other cases.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same*

CAP. LII.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further regulating the Trade or Eufnnfs of Pawnbrokers*

M 29 Geo. 3. c. 57. recited, and continued for a Year."

CAP. LIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

[806,250l.]

CAP. LIV.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament far regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels jrom the Coast of Africa.

WHEREAS an Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to amend and continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the flipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Corf of Africa: And whereas it is expedient to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend the said Act:' I)c it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,'That it shall not be lawful for any Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any British Ship or Vessel whatever, which shall clear out from any Port of this Kingdom, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to have on Board at any one Time, or to convey, carry, bring, or transport Slaves from the Couft of Africa to any Part beyond Sea, in any such Ship or Vessel, in any greater Number than in the Proportion of live such Slaves for every three Tons of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, so fur as the said Ship or Vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons, and moreover of one such Slave for every additional Ton of such Ship or Vessel over and above the said Bui then of two hundred and one Tom; or male Slaves who shall exceed four Feet four Inches in Height, in any greater Number than in the Proportion of one such male Slave to every one Ton of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, so far as the said Ship or Vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons, and moreover of three such male Slaves, who shall exceed the said Height of four Feet four Inches, for every additional five Tons of ilich Ship or Vessel, over and above the said Burthen of two hundred and one Tons; and every such Ship or Vessel shall be deemed and taken to be of such Tonnage Or Burthen as is described and let forth in the respective Certificate of the Regillry of

V

A.D. 179T, Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 54.

*57

each and every such Ship or Vessel, granted in pursuance of an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Increase ant! Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation; and if any such Matter, or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall act contrary hereto, such Matter or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for each and every such Slave, exceeding in Number the Proportions herein-before limited; one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof shall go to any Person or Persons who shall fir (Hue for the same: Provided always, That if there shall be in any such Ship or Vessel any more than two fifth Parts of the Slaves who shall be Childrer,* and who shall not exceed four Feet four Inches in height, then every five such Children, oveV and above the aforesaid Proportion of two Fifths, shall be deemed and taken to be equal to four of the said Slaves, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Case of a Ship taking on Hoard any Number of Slaves that shall be found shipwrecked, or from on Board any other Ship or Vessel where, by reason of Mutiny or In-furreflion among the Slaves, or the Crew, or by Failure of Hands, or by any adtu.fi Distress of the Vessel, the Matter or Commander shall be disabled from governing the Ship, or continuing the Voyage, the Proof of which shall lie upon the Matter or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel so taking on board such Slaves.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Arrival of any such Ship or Vessel in any Island in the West Indies, belonging to or under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, from the Coast of Africa* carrying or conveying any such Slaves as aforesaid, the Matter or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, before any of the fidd Slaves shall be unshipped or landed from such Ship or Vessel, repair to the nearest Customffiouie, and there declare, on Oath, before the Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, who is hereby authoris'd to administer the same, the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, and shall, at the same Time, shew to such Officer the Certificate of the Registry thereof; and shall also deliver to the said Officer, upon Oath (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same) an exact and true Account of the greatest Number of such Slaves (distinguishing the Number of Males and Females, and specifying the Number of such Slaves as shall exceed the aforesaid Height of four Feet four Inches) who are or shall have been at any one Time in or on Board such Ship or Vessel, before, when, or after such Ship or Vessel quitted or departed from the Coast of Africa for that Voyage; and if such Matter, or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Venei, shall unship or land, or shall cause to be unshipped or landed, or shall wilfully permit or fufier to be unshipped or landed, any such Slaves, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this A cl, such Matter or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every such Offence, ancf one Moiety of the Paid Forfeiture shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the o:her Moiety shall go to the Person or Persons who shall first sue for the same; and it shall and may he. lawful for such Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, and he is hereby required to fenrcli, or to cause Search to be made, in eveivy Part of such Ship or Vessel, to fee and to take an Account of the Number of such Slaves on Board such Ship or Vessel, and to specify in such Account the Number of Males and Females, and also the Number of Slaves not exceeding four Feet four Inches in Height,-and without Delay to transmic such Account, attested under his Hand and Seal, to the Commissions of his Majesty's Customs in London, under the Penalty of five hundred Pounds: Provided always, That in case the Paid Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs fh fil be absent, or that there shall be no such Officer in any such Island where the said Ship shall arrive as aforesaid, or in case there shall be no other Officer of the Revenue, then any Civil Officer in the said Island shall be, and he is hereby authorised and required, upon Application as aforesaid, to administer the said Oath to such Master or other Person taking or having the Charge of such Vessel, and to receive the said Declaration of the Burthen of such Ship as aforesaid, and to perform all the other Duties aforesaid, which the said Collector or ether Chief Officer of the Customs is hereby required to perform.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, which shall be cleared out from any Port in Great Britain, after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to take or have on Board such Ship or Vessel, or convey, carry, bring, or transport any Slaves from the Coast of Africa to any Parts beyond the Seas, in any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, unless such Ship or Vessel shall, at the Time of her so clearing out, have been entered for such Purpose at the Cuilom-house of the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel cleared out, and unless the Surgeon of or belonging to such Ship or Veftci shall have given Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall have left the same in the Hands of the Collator or Comptroller of the Customs in the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel shall depart for such V oyage to the Coast of Africa, in the penal Sum of one hundred Pounds, with Condition that such Surgeon fhkrfi keep a regular and true Journal, containing an Account of the greatest Number of Slaves, which shall have been, at any Time during such Voyage, on Board such Ship or Vessel, from the Time of the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel on the Coast of Africa as aforesaid, until her Arrival of the Port of her Delivery, distinguishing the Number of Males and Females, and of the Deaths of any such Slaves or Crew of the said Ship or Vesst and of the Cause thereof, during the Voyage, from the first Departure of the said Ship or Vessel, to her Arrival on the Coast of Africa, during her Stay on the said Coalt, and after her Departure from thence to the said Port of Delivery, or during such Time as such Surgeon shall have been on Board such Ship or Vessel; and that the said Surgeon shall deliver such Journal to the Collector or other Officer as aforesaid, atfhe firit British Port where such Ship or Vcilei shall arrive after leaving the Coalt of Africa, ..nil shall make Oath to the Truth of such journal, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, before such Collector or other Officer as aforesaid, who is hereby authorised and required to administer the said Oath $ and lucii collector

forth in their Certificates ot* Re^iftty.

Masters of fels to forfeit 301. f r every SUve exceeding ti e limited Number.

It me re than two Fifths of the Slaves be Children, fire of the Surplus to be deemed equal to four Sims,

Mart erg of Vesst-‘l% before they land any Slaves in the West Indies, to declare upon Oath before the Officer of the Customs, the Burthen of the Vessel, &c.

and if they land Slaves contrary hereto, to forfeit 500 1,

Officer of the Customs co take an Account of the Slaves on Board such Vesstls, &c. on Penalty of 50 1. Where there i*> no Officer of ihcr Customs, any Civil Officer to receive the Oath of the Master, &c.

No Vessel to carry any Slaverr unless entered lor that Fur-pole at clearing out, and unless the Surgeon giv& *D >nd to keep a Journal of the Slave1- during the Voyage y

uhich Jbernai it-to be orlivered i t '* Offic er of u e Custone, at the bill liritish Portal Arrival,'

158 C. 54. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

Officer to deliver to the Matter a l opy of his Oath, and to the Surgeon a Copy of his Journal, and tnnsmit Duplicates to the Commission ers of the Cuiloms.

iVJaflen or Surgeons a&ingcor.-oary hereto, to forfeit 100 1.

If Penalty on Mrfters be not paid within 14 Divs, rheir Vtfssch m?y be seized ;u,d fold.

Vhere Penalties may be sued for.

The upper and

lower Cabin,

and the Space bet ween Deck?, be allotted to the Slave*, &c.

lebtor or other Officer as aforesaid shall deliver to such Master or other Person as aforesaid, and to such Surgeon -respectively, Copies of the Oath of such Matter or other Person as aforesaid, and also of the said Journal, which Copies shall severally be attested (as true Copies) by such Collector or other Officer as aforesaid under his Hand and Seal; and Duplicates of the said Copies, attested in like Manner, shall be transmitted by the said Collector, or other Chief Officer, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in London; and if such Matter, or Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall carry his Cargo of Slaves to, and land "the Whole, or any Part, in any Port or Ports not subject to the Crown of Great Britain, and shall afterwards arrive at any British Island or Port, having delivered the Whole or any Part of his fail Cargo, such Matter or other Person, and also the Surgeon of such Ship or Vessel, shall make the same Declaration, deliver in the same Journal to, and take the same Oaths before, the Collectors, or other Chief Officers of the Customs, or Civil Officer of the Island or Port, and receive the same attested Certificate, in like Manner as if he had first arrived at such Island or Port; and if the said Ship or Vessel shall not arrive at any British Island or Port before her Return to Great Britain, then the said Matter or other Person, and Surgeon, shall make the said Declaration, deliver in the said Journal to, and take the said Oaths before, the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port where they shall first land, which the Collector or other Chief Officer is hereby impowered and required to receive and administer, and the said Collector or other Chief Officer shall forthwith transmit the same to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in London; and if such Mailer or Surgeon shall abt contrary hereto, such Matter or Surgeon shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof shall go to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall be convicted of any one of the said Offences before mentioned, and shall not, within the Space of fourteen Days, pay, or cause to be paid, into the Hands of the proper Officer of the Court wherein the Offence shall be prosecuted, in order that the same may be applied in Manner herein directed, the Amount of the Penalty on such Conviction, it shall and may be lawful lor any Admiral, or other Commander at Sea, of any of the Ships of War, or other Ship having Commission from his Majesty, or from his Heiis or Successors, or for any Governor of any Island or Plantation to his Majesty belonging in America or the IPeji Indies, or for any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, to seize and detain the said Ship or Vessel wherever found, and to convey the same to the Custom-house nearest to the Place where (lie shall be found; and the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs at such Custom-house, shall, and he is hereby required to cause every such Ship or Vessel to be sold publickly by Aublion, and the Produce arising by such Sale thereof to apply towards satisfying the said Penalty; and if there shall remain any Overplus, to pay the same over to such Person or Persons as shall prove his, her, or their Property therein, or to his, her, or their lawful Assigns.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures inflibled by this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in any Court of Vice Admiralty in any Part of America, or in any Island in the West Indies, wherein any such Ostence shall have been committed, or wherein any such Ship or Vessel shall have disposed of the Whole, or any Part of her Cargo, or in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Ship or Vessel, the upper as well as the lower Cabin, and the Space between Decks, shall be allotted and properly prepared for the Reception of such Slaves; and that after any such Ship or Vessel shall have taken two third Parts of her Complement of Slaves on Board, in the Proportions herein-before limited, no Goods, Wares, or Merchandise shall ever be flowed or put in any such Cabin or Place, in which any such Slaves shall be.

If any Person take the Comm ind of a Vessel, who is not qualified as heie-in directed, he and also the Owner shall forfeit 5C0l.

No Insurance to be made against any Loss, except the l'eril6 of the Sea, &c.

No Vessel to be cleared out that has not a Surgeon ho has palfed his Examination, &c.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, it shall not be lawful for any Person to become a Master, or take or have the Command or Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, at the Time he shall clear out from any Port of Great Britain, for purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, unless such Master or Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall have made Oath, and delivered in to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall clear out, a Certificate, attested by the respective Owner or Owners, that he has already served in such Capacity during one Voyage, or shall have served as Chief Mate or Surgeon during the Whole of two Voyages, or either as Chief or other Mate during three Voyages, in purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, under Pain that such Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, and also the Owmer or Owners who shall hire or employ such Person, shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, it shall not be lawful for any Owner or Owners of any such Ship or Vessel to insure any Cargo of* Slaves, or any Part thereof, on Board the same, against any Lois or Damage, save and except the Perils of the Sea, Piracy, Insurrection, or Capture by the Ringvs Enemies, Barratry of the Master and Crewq and Destruction of Fire; and that all and every Pcl.cy of insurance hereafter made, contrary to this Act, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Ship or Vessel shall be allowed to clear out, unless it shall appear to the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port, that there is one Surgeon at least engaged to proceed on Board f'uch Ship or Vessel, and unless such Surgeon shall have produced and delivered to such Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs, a Certificate or

Warrant

*59

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 54.

Warrant of his having passed his Examination at Surgeons' Hall, or at some Publick or County Hospital, or at the Royal College of Physicians or Royal College of Surgeons in Edinburgh, or shall have served as Surgeon or Surgeon's Mate in his Majesty's Fleet or Armies, of which Certificate or Warrant the said Collector or other principal Officer shall give to the said Surgeon an attested Copy, gratis.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall be made appear, to the Satisfaction I the Officer at

of the Collector or other principal Officer of the Port where such Ship or Yell cl shall be discharged, that the:e fhc P<rt of Difr

shall not have died more than in the Proportion of two Slaves in the Hundred, from the Time of the Arrival of be

such Ship or Vessel on the Coast of Africa, to the Time of her Arrival at her Port of Discharge in any of the there have not

Islands of the West Indies, belonging to or under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in ^, C(j on the

such case the Collector or other principal Officer shall, and he is hereby authorised and required to make Voyage more

out Certificates, specifying the N.umberof Slaves that appear to have been taken on Board the said Ship or ?han two Slave!

Vesse!, and the Number that have died within the Period above-mentioned, one of which Certificates shall be !n lbc I0°*he

delivered to the Master, and the other to the Surgeon of such Ship or Vessel, and on Production of such Cer- tifiotcsTo the'

tificates, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, shall, and they Mailer and Sur-

are hereby authorised and required to direct the Sum of one hundred Pounds to be paid to the Malter, and the ron, and on

Sum of fifty Pounds to be paid to the Surgeon, of iiich Ship or Vessel, out of any Money that shall be in the Produ*ion

Hands of the Receiver General of the Customs of England and Scotland reflectively; or if it shall be made

appear to the Collector or other principal Officer as aforesaid, that there shall not have died more than in the onhTCustoms

Proportion of three Slaves in the Hundred, from the Time of the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel on the they are to order

Coast of Africa to the Time of her Arrival at her Port of Discharge in any of the said West India Islands, in «he Mailer iool.

such case the Collector or principal Officer as aforesaid shall, and he is hereby required and authorised to and l^c Surgeon

make out like Certificates, and to deliver one to the Master and the other to the Surgeon of such Ship or Certificate

Vessel, and the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively shall, and they are to be given

hereby authorised and required, on Production of such Certificates, to direct the Sum of fifty Pounds where the Mor-

to be paid to the Master, and the Sum of twenty-five Pounds to be paid to the Surgeon of such Ship n»-t

or Veiled. b'en more ,han

3 in the ioo,

which it to entitle the Master to 501, and the burgeon to 251.

XI. And, for the better Regulation, Encouragement, and Preservation of the Health of the Officers and

Seamen, employed in Ships or Vessels trading to the Coast of Africa for Slaves, and from thence to the

TVefl Indies and America \ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of Au%ujl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, before any Ship or Vessel proceeds to Sea, the Master, Officers, and Mariners shall sign and execute Articles of Agreement, and a Muster-roll, in the Presence of, and witnessed by the Clearing Officer and one of the Tidesmen of the Port from whence the Ship departs; and a Du plicate of the Articles of Agreement and Muster-roll, duly signed and executed, shall be delivered to the aforesaid Clearing Officer, in order to its being lodged with the proper Officer in the Custom-house, according to the Forms hereunto annexed; which Agreement shall be conclusive to all Parties for the Time contracted for; and no other Form whatsoever of Articles of Agreement, or Muster-roll, shall be used, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds, one Half to be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, and the other Half to the Intormer, or other Person who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record.

against any

and delivered in upon Oath, together with the Muster-roll, on the Arrival of the Ship or Vetted at her discharging Port in Great Britain, to the Collector or ether Chief Officer thereof; and if any Master, Chief Mate, or Surgeon, shall be convicted of signing false Muster-rolls, Articles of Agreement, or Log Book, he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and shall also fuft'er six Months Imprison-

mXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, shall be turned over or discharged, upon any Pretence whatsoever, unless into his Majesty's Ships of War, or to aflifl a Ship in arlual Did rest, which is to be certified by the principal Officers of both Ships concerned, and an Agreement made in Writing with the said Officers or Men so lent, or, upon Preferment, or under ill State of Health, with the Consent of the Party, for which a Certificate shall be given from the Captain of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels (if any are present),cr, in their Absence, two Justices of the Peace, or the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Place or Port where such Ship or Vessel shall be, or shall first arrive, which Certificate shall be returned with the Muster-roll and Log-book, on the Arrival of the Ship at her delivering Port in Great Britain.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Master, Commander, or other Person, shall supply the Officers, or Mariners, Seamen, or featuring Men, with more Slops, Tobacco, Spirits, or any other Article whatsoever, than to the Amount of one fourth Part of the monthly Wages of such Officer, Mariner, Seaman, or sea-

And be it further enacted, That if any Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, shall behave in a riotous, seditious^or mutinous Manner, it shall be lawful for the Commander or Commanding Officer to put such Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, into Confinement, for a Time not exceeding twenty-four Hours, before the same is reported to the Captain or Commander of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels (being present, or within a convenient Distance), who is hereby authorised to inquire into the Cause of such Complaint, and to examine

upon

Before any Vessel il dcared outwardly the Mailer, Officer*, and Marineri, to execute Articles of Agreement in the Forms hereunto annexed, and no other Form to be use.i on Pc* naJty of 501.

Muster-roli to be regularly kept, &c«

Penalty for filming false \ Muster-rolls, &c.

Wo Officer, Stc9 to be turned over or dele barged, hut under the Circum-flancet herein mentioned.

No Slops, tec. to be supplied beyoni one Frunh of the monthly Wage?, Regulations with regard to Olficeri, Arc. behaving in a notou«, Icditi-ou% or mutinous Maimer,

c.

i6o C. 54. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 179*,

Master to cause a printed Ab-jftraft of this Act, &c. to be hung up in the mod publick Place in his Vessel, on Penalty of zo 1*

If mutinous Officer?, &c. be taken into Custody in Africa, or the West Indie?, a Statement, upon Oath, to be lodged with the Governor, &c, and if the Wit-

upon Oath, if found necessary, and to grant such Relief and Remedy therein as the Circumstances of the Case may require; and in case none of his Majesty's Ships are present, the Cause of Complaint shall be fully examined into by the Master and two Officers, in the Presence of the Ship's Company; and if it shall be judged necessary, for the Safety of the Ship and Cargo, to continue the Offender or Offenders in Confinement, such Determination shall be drawn up in Writing, with the Reasons for coming to such Refclution stated at large, and signed by the Master and two Officers, which they are hereby enjoined, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds, to report, without Delay, to the Captain or Commander of the tirft Shipior Vessel belonging to his Majesty they may fall in with, and in Default thereof to report the same to the Governor or Chief Officer of any British Fort on the Coast of Africa, or to the Governor of any of the West India Islands, on their Arrival at any Port or Road therein, that such Measures may be taken to bring the Offender or Offenders to Justice as the Nature of the Case will admit.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, shall cause a printed Abstract of th is A dr, and also a Copy of the Schedule (A), and of the Muster-roll, respectively annexed to this Act, to be hung up and affixed to the most publick Place of such Ship or Vessel, and shall cause the same to be constantly kept and renewed, so that at all Times they may be accessible to the Officers and Seamen on Board of such Ship or Vessel, upon Pain that every such Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, who shall neglect to affix and renew the same, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XVI!. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, charged with Mutiny or Sedition, shall be delivered over or taken into Custody by the Order of the Governor or Chief Officer of any Fort on the Coast of Africa, or the Governor of any of the Islands in the British) Wft Indies, a full Statement, upon Oath, which they are hereby impowered to administer, shall be made out and lodged with the said Governor, together with the Names of the Witnesses who are to support the Charge alleged against the Prisoner or Prisoners, in order to their being sent Home for Trial at the next Admiralty Sessions for the Offence or Offences alledged against him or them; and in case the said Witness or Witnesses. shall neglect to appear at the Trial, upon being duly summoned, he or they shall incur such Penalty as the Court shall adjudge.

nesses do not appear at the Trial, they shall incur a Penalty.

Officers, &c. to continue in Pay till the Vessel is cleared Inwards. Wages of Run Men to go to Greenwich Hospital, &c.

Where Offences may be tried, and Penalties sued for*

Limitation of Actions.

Persons taking false Oaths, to incur the Pains of Perjury, &c.

Continuance of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Arrival of every Ship or Vessel at her discharging Port in Great Britain, the Officers and Seamen therein shall be continued in full Pay and Provisions until the Ship is cleared inwards, or their Accounts are settled and paid; and that all Wages due to Run Men shall be forfeited and paid, one Half to the lTfe of Greenwich Hof pit al, and the other Half to the Merchants Hospital of the Port to which such Ship belongs; and all other Forfeitures shall be applied as is specified in the Articles of Agreement; any Custom, Law, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Offence committed in Breach or Violation of this Act, may be tried in any Court of Uyer and Terminer, in any County in England wherein any such Offence shall have been committed, or, in case any such Offence shall have been committed of the Seas, or in Parts beyond the Seas, then in such County within which the Ship on Board which such Offence shall have been committed shall have cleared out, or in the County of MidJIfx; and any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by this Act, may be prosecuted, lued for, and recovered in any Court of Record in Great Britain, and in every such Action or Suit the Party against whom Judgement shall be given (whether Plaintiff or Defendant) shall pay double Costs of Suit; and every such Action shall and may be brought at any Time within three Years after the Offence committed, and not afterwards, and every such Action shall be carried on without wilful Delay.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, taking any Oath by this Act authorised or required to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, or if any Person shall unlawfully procure or suborn any Person to take any Oath, by this Act authorised or required to be taken, whereby such Person shall commit wilful Perjury, every such Person shall incur and suffer die like Pains and Penalties as are by Law inflicted upon Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury, or Subornation of Perjury.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force till the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and no longer, except for the Purpose of trying or suing any Person in consequence of any Offence or Offences committed in Breach or Violation of this Act.

SCHEDULE.

A.D. 179*. Anno tricesimo prirao Georgii III. C. 54.

SCHEDULE (A).

ARTICLES of Agreement between the Matter, Officers, Mariners, Seamen, and Seafaring Men of the Ship bound from the Port of upon an intended Voyage

to the Coast of Africa, for from thence to the West Indies, or America, and

afterwards to in Great Britain> or to her delivering Port in

Europe.

FIRST, The Matter does hereby covenant, agree and engage with the said Officers, Seamen, Seafaring Men, Landsmen, and Boys, That he will pay, or cause to be paid, to each and every of them, at the Rate of the Wages per Month, Sterling Value, as against each Person's Name is expressed in the Mutter-roll, Secondly, The said Matter does further agree and engage with the said Officers, Mariners, Seamen, Seafaring Men, Landsmen, and Boys, that they {half be daily and regularly supplied with good, wholesome Victuals, and a Portion of Wine or Spirits, as hereafter specified; the said Provisions to be issued and dressed in the usual Manner in which it is done on Board his Majesty's Ships of War, and served out to the Ship's Company in the Manner following; viz*

' Sunday, -

Monday, Tuesday, -

IV*dnesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday,

One Pound and a Half of Beef, containing sixteen Ounces to the Pound, and a Pint of Flour.

One Pound of Pork, containing sixteen Ounces to the Pound, and Half a Pint of Pease. One Pint of Oat-meal, and two Ounces of Butter, and four Ounces of Cheese; or, one Pound of Stock Fish, with one Eighth of a Pint of Oil, and a Quarter of a Pint of Vinegar, in lieu of Butter and Cheese.

The same as Monday.

The same as Sunday.

The same as Tuesday»

'The same as Monday,

Each Person, besides, to have six Pounds of Bread per Week; and a Quarter of a Pint of Spirits, or Half a Pint of Wine, together with of Water, per Day, during the Voyage.

In lieu of Pease and Oat-meal may be served Rice, Indian Corn, Yams, or Calavances.

In case of being put to £hort Allowance, the Matter, Officers, and Seamen are to be at the same Allowance of Provisions and Water, and to be allowed short Allowance Money, at the Rate of three Pence per Day if at two-thirds Allowance, and four Pence Halfpenny^ Day, per Man, if at half Allowance, and to be paid their short Allowance Money ten Days before the Vessel fails from the PVeJi Indies or America.

And it is hereby further covenacted and agreed by and between the said Matters, That the Matter of the said Ship, at his or the Owners proper Cost and Charge, will hire and employ the Natives in their Craft, to wood and water the said Ship, during her Continuance on the Coast of Africa, if such Natives can be procured, under the Direction of a Patroon belonging to the said Ship.

And it is further agreed on the Part of the said Matter, That whenever the Officers and Seamen are employed trading in Craft up the Rivers, that the said Matter will, on the Part of the Owners, furnish the Parties so employed with a sufficient Quantity of painted Canvas, or Tarpawling, for an Awning, and Provisions for the Time, in the Proportion, per Diern, as is let forth in the foregoing Article, with proper Utensils and Fire to dress the same, and upon Failure thereof, for every such Neglect he shall forfeit double the Value of Provisions.

The said Matter does further agree and engage, That there shall be a Space^ reserved for Half the Ship's Company to shelter themselves, while the Slaves are on Board; if a frigate-built Ship, it shall be under the Half Deck; or in the Steerage, or under a standing Awning of Wood, well caulked, in any other Ship or Vessel.

It is hereby further agreed by the said Matter, That he will not, upon any Pretence whatsoever, turn over or discharge any of the Officers or Ship's Company belonging to the said Ship, unless on Promotion, or to affitt a Shipadtually in Distress, and not then, unless properly certified as before expressed in this Act: And the said Matter does hereby further agree to advance one Month's Pay to the Officers and Ship's Company before the said Ship departs from Great Britain, at the Time of settling the River or Harbour Pay; and that the monthly Wages shall commence from that Period: And it is further agreed by the said Matter, That he will

By, or cause to be paid, one Month's Pay after the Landing of the Slaves in the West Indies or America, ten ays before the Sailing of the said Ship in her homeward-bound Passage: And also the said Matter engages to make the general Signal for failing twenty-four Hours before the Departure of the said Ship; videlicet, by loofing the Fore Top Sail and firing a Gun.

And we the Officers, Mariners, Seamen, Seafaring Men, Landsmen, and Boys, in consideration of the monthly or other Wages, foregoing Stipulations, and Engagements, do severally promise and agree, and bind ourfefves by these Presents to behave with due Subordination and Respeit, and to obey the lawful Commands of our Commander or superior Officers on Board the said Ship, or Boars thereunto belonging, as becomes good and faithful Seamen and Mariners, and at all Places where the said Ship shall touch at, put into. 31 Geo. III. Y Ur

e

162 C. 54. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

or anchor, during the said Voyage, to do our utmost Endeavours for the Preservadon of the said Ship and Cargo; and not to neglect or refuse doing our Duty, by Night or by Day; nor go out of the said Ship on ' Board any other Vessel, or be on Shore, under any Pretence whatsoever, without Leave first obtained of our Commander or Commanding Officer on Board: And further, That we will, on no Account whatsoever, leave or desert the said Ship without the Mailer's Consent (unless to serve on Board any of his Majesty's Ships) till the abovesaid Voyage be ended, and the said Ship discharged, under the Forfeiture of our Wages: And we do further agree. That, when absent upon Leave, we will immediately repair on Board, when required so to do by our Commander or any of our faperior Officers, on Failure thereof to forfeit for such Disobedience seven Days Pay, to be charged against our Wages, for every such Offence: And we do further agree and acknowledge. That forty-eight Hours Absence, without Leave, shall be deemed a total Desertion from the said Ship, and our Wages forfeited as above agreed on, unless good and sufficient Cause can be assigned for such Absence.

And it is further agreed by us, the said Officers and Mariners belonging to the said Ship, That we will not demand our Wages, or any Part thereof, except the Value of a fourth Part of our Wages to be Applied in Slops or other Necessaries, and one Month's Pay, with our short Allowance Money then due, in the West Indies or America, until the Arrival of the said Ship at her delivering Port, except we should be impressed, or enter on Board any of his Majesty's Ships, or be discharged by mutual Consent, agreeable to the foregoing Certificate, as specified in the Act.

And it is hereby further agreed by us the said Officers, Mariners, Seamen, Seafaring Men, Lands-men, and Boys, That whatever Stores, Furniture, or Apparel each or any of us receive into our Charge belonging to the said Ship, shall be accounted for; and in case any Thing should be loft or damaged by our Negligence or Carelessness AW, it shall be made good to the Masters or Owners out of the Wages of such Officers or Seamen by whose Negligence it has happened.

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE (B).

MUSTER ROLL.

Officers and Men's Names. Quality. Where born. I Age. Years at Sea. Time of Entry, and Place where. Time when, and Place where discharged, died, run, or drowned. Cause of Discharge, Death, or drowned. Number of Months and Days on Board. Wages per Month. Advance Money. Hospital Duty. Amount of Slops: supplied. Amount of Dead Men's Cloaths. Amount of Short Allowance Money, Total Amount of Wages due when dir. charged, &c. &c. Amount of Run Men's Pay.

Y 2 (jOCV £ s. £ s. d. £. s. d. £. j. a. £ £ s. d. £ s. d. £ d.

A.D. 1791, -. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. .54

164 C. 55. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

CAP. LV.

An Act for establishing a Company for carrying on Trade between the Kingdom of Great Britain and the Coasts, Harbours, and Countries of Africa; and for enabling the said Company to hold, by Grant from his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and from the Native Princes of Africa, a certain District of Land, commonly called the Peninsula of Sierra Leone, now vested in his Majesty, or belonging to the said Princes, for the better enabling the said Company to carry on the said Trade.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS the establishing of a general Trade and Commerce from these Kingdoms to and with the Coasts ofAfrica , and from thence to and with the several interior Kingdoms and Countries of that Continent, would be highly beneficial to the Manufactories and other trading Interests of these Kingdoms: And whereas the interior Kingdoms and Countries of the said Continent have not hitherto been explored by Europeans , nor hath any regular Trade ever been carried on therewith from these Kingdoms, nor can such Undertakings be conveniently carried on and supported, unless a considerable Capital Joint Stock is raised for that Purpose: And whereas it is also necessary for the Parties engaging therein, that they should have the sole and absolute Possession of some District of Land on the said Coasts, where they may form a Factory or Settlement for their Servants, a secure Depository for their Goods and Merchandize, and a safe Harbour for their Shipping: And whereas several Persons have already formed themselves into a Society, and subscribed considerable Sums of Money for the Purpose of establishing and carrying on such Trade and Commerce; but are apprehensive that Difficulties may arise as well in recovering Debts which may grow due to the Joint Stock, as in defending Suits or Actions which may be commenced or brought against the Subscribers for any Matter or Thing relative to the Society, as by Law all the several Subscribers and Proprietors to and in the Society must in such Case both sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded by their several and distinct Names and Descriptions; and it is expedient that the several Subscribers and Proprietors shall be protected from becoming liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, beyond their respective Shares in such Capital Joint Stock: And whereas many Persons who are not now liable to become Bankrupts, within the Intent and Meaning of any of the Laws now in Force concerning Bankrupts, are likewise fearful of subscribing Money to carry on the laudable Purposes of the said Society, as by becoming Subscribers to and Part Owners of the said Capital Joint Stock, and by being engaged or concerned in the Dealings to be carried on therewith, they may be liable to have Commissions of Bankrupt issued against them as Traders: Therefore, for the more easily effecting the Purposes of the said Society, and for avoiding the Difficulties aforesaid, the said Society are desirous of being incorporated, and having a Common Seal and Name, by which they may be known and distinguished, sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Granville Sharpe Esquire, Samuel Whitbread Esquire, Henry Thornton Esquire, Robert Hunter and Philip Sansom , Merchants of London ; Sir George Young Knight William Wilberforce Esquire, William Lushington Esquire, Richard Clark Esquire Alderman of London, Paul le Mesurier Esquire Alderman of London, William Morland Esquire, John Maitland Esquire, Joseph Hardcastle, William Ludlam, Cornwall Smalley , Merchants of London; William Sharp Esquire, Joseph Corsbie, George Sharp, Theophilus Pritzler, Joseph Reyner, William Moore, Henry Heyman, John Shaw, Vickeris Taylor, John Thompson, John Blunt, Merchants; Sir Francis Wood Baronet, John Call Esquire, John Kingston Esquire, the Reverend Thomas Gisborne Clerk, the Reverend Thomas Clarkson Clerk, Charles Grill, Thomas Slack, Merchants; Charles Hamilton Esquire, Peet Musgrave, Abraham Harman, James Trimmer, James Renat Syms, George Dyer, John Blunt junior, Merchants; Robert Adamson Esquire, William Sand ford Esquire, Daniel Beat Christie Esquire, John Scott Merchant, Sir Charles Middleton Baronet, William Morton Pitt Esquire, Timothy Stansfield Merchant, Samuel Milford Esquire, John Drury Esquire, Robert Hunter junior Merchant, Sir William Green Baronet, James Bland Burgess Esquire, Francis Wilson Esquire, Daniel Robert Merchant, William Agar Esquire, Charles Mills Esquire, Henry Calvely Cotton Esquire, Nathaniel Ward Bowers Merchant, Thomas Everet Esquire, Thomas Atkinson Merchant, Henry Mitton Esquire, William Purdy, Amos Hayton, John Blakesley, John Blakesley junior, Merchants; Edward Ravenscroft Esquire, John Hobart Briggs Gentleman, Samuel Parker, John Brickwood, Thomas Pattle, William Bullock , Merchants; Joshua Jenour Esquire, Ralph Leycester Esquire, James Law Esquire, John Gardner Esquire, James Phyn, Alexander Ellice, John Inglis, Osgood Hanbury, William Bowman, Nathaniel Lucas, Charles Betke, Samuel Brandram, Samuel Glaister, Bryant Barret, James Wellington, John Kymour, John M'Taggart, Robert Kingston , Merchants; John Princep Esquire, Alexander Higginson Esquire, Sir Richard Carr Glynn Knight, George Wolfe, Thomas Eldred , Merchants; Charles Montagu Esquire, Henry Allen Esquire, William Parker, John Higgin and John Maver, Merchants, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and all and every Persons and Person who shall hereafter, either in their own Right, or as Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, in Right of any other Person or Persons, become Proprietors of, or interested in, any Part or Share of the said Capital Joint Stock as herein-after is mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby made one distinct and separate Body Politick and Corporate in Deed and Name, for the establishing and carrying on of a Trade or Commerce to, from, and between there Kingdoms and the Coasts, Countries, and Harbours of Africa, by the Name or Stile of The Sierra Leone Company, and that by the same Name they shall have perpetual Succession, and a

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 5 5.

Common Seal, and that they and their Successors may from Time to Time break, change, alter, or make new such Common Seal, as to them shall seem meet and expedient.

Company may purchase Lands.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall be able, and capable in Law, and shall have perfect and full Power and Ability in Law, to have, purchase, take, hold, receive, possess, and enjoy Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of what Nature or Kind soever, situate in any Part of his Majesty's Dominions, not exceeding in the Whole the annual Value of two thousand Pounds; and that any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, may give, grant, bargain, sell, or convey to the said Company any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for the Use and Benefit of the said Company, notwithstanding the Statute of Mortmain, so that the same, together with the Lands so to be purchased as aforesaid, do not exceed in the Whole the said annual Value of two thousand Pounds; and that the said Company shall have full Power and Ability at Law to sell, grant, alien, demise, or dispose of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, at their free Will and Pleasure, and in their Corporate Name shall be able and capable in Law to sue and implead, be sued and impleaded, answer and be answered, defend or be defended, in all or any Court of Record, or elsewhere, in all Actions, Suits and Causes whatsoever, for, touching, or concerning the said Company, or their Capital Joint Stock, or any of their Property, Estate or Estates, in as large, ample, and beneficial Manner and Form as any other Body Politick and Corporate, or any other the liege People of Great Britain , or other his Majesty's Dominions, may or can have, purchase, take, hold, receive, possess and enjoy, sell, grant, alien, demise, or dispose, sue, implead, answer, or defend, or be impleaded, sued, defended, or answered, in any Manner or Wise, and shall and may by the Name aforesaid do, perform, and execute, and cause and procure to be done, performed, and executed, all or any lawful Acts, Matters, and Things whatsoever, appertaining them to do, perform, or execute, for, touching, or concerning the general Trade or Dealings of the said Company.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, in such General Court or Courts thereof as is or are authorised to be holden pursuant to this Act, to raise such Capital Joint Stock for the establishing and carrying on of the Trade or Business of the said Company, at such Times and in such Proportions as to them mall seem meet, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, by taking Subscriptions from particular Persons (being or not being Members of the said Company) for advancing Money for this Purpose, in such Shares as are herein after mentioned, according to the Order or Orders of such General Court or Courts for the Time being of the said Company, or by such Ways and Means, and in such Methods, as to such General Court or Courts shall seem meet and expedient, for making up the said Capital Joint Stock, and that the said Capital Joint Stock so to be raised shall be divided into Shares of fifty Pounds each.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person by or for whom any Subscription shall be made or accepted, or any Payment made pursuant to the Orders of such General Court or Courts, for or towards the railing of the said Capital Joint Stock as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns respectively, shall have and be entitled to a Share of and in the said Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, in Proportion to the Monies which he or they shall have contributed towards making up the same, and to a proportionable Share of the Profits and Advantages attending the same Capital Joint Stock, and shall be admitted to be Members of the said Company; but that no Person or Persons shall be entitled to any greater Share in the said Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company than the Money which he,(he, or they shall have paid towards the same; and that the several Members of the said Company do and shall respectively {land responsible and answerable to all just Debts and Demands of the Creditors of the said Company, to the full Amount of their several and respective Shares in the Capital of the said Joint Stock, but shall not be any further or otherwise liable, either personally or in their several and respective Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, or Effects, for any Undertakings, Engagements, Contrails, or Agreements, entered into by the said Company, or the Dealings and Transactions thereof.

V. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company to borrow or take up, by Way of Loan, any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, other than and except y a Subscription for Shares, in Manner herein-before specified and mentioned.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company, either directly or indirectly, by itself or themselves, or by the Agents or Servants of the said Company, or otherwise howsoever, to deal or traffic in the buying or selling of Slaves, or in any Manner whatsoever to have, hold, appropriate, or employ any Person or Persons in a State of Slavery in the Service of the said Company.

VII. And, for the better ordering, managing, and governing of the Affairs of the said Company, and for the making and establishing of a continual Succession of Persons to be Directors thereof/ be it further enacted, That there shall be from Time to Time chosen from out of the Members of the said Company, during the Continuance of the said Company, thirteen Directors of and for the lame Company, (one of whom shall be chosen for a Chairman, as herein after, mentioned, and one other for a Deputy Chairman ;) which Directors, or the major Part of them, being met and assembled together (whereof the Chairman or Deputy Chairman to be one, except in such Cases as hereafter otherwise directed) shall be and be called a Court of Directors of the said Company, and shall have the ordering, Management, and Direction of the Affairs of the said* Company, as herein after mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That an Election of thirteen Directors of and for the said Company shall be made as herein-after is mentioned, by and out of the Members of the said Company, at a General Court of the said Company to be held within thirty Days after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; and that on some Day or Days, Time or Times, between the first Day of January and the first Day of April in every subsequent Year, there shall be an Election of thirteen Directors of the said Company, and that the Persons who shall be so elected Directors of the said Company shall continue Directors thereof until.

the

165

Company may purchase Landr*

Power to raise-% Capital Joint Stock.

SubscriberrtO' have an ImereA in the Capital Joint Sioclc, according to the Amount of their Subscriptioaa*

Company not to* borrow Money.

Company not to deal in or have Slaver.

DtrrAora appointed.

Manner of electing Diic&oru

i66

For giving Notice of the Time of chusing Dire£ors.

For chusing a Chairman and Deputy Chairman.

For chusing new Dierflora in Cases of Death or Avoidance of the Office.

For chusing a Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the Court of Diieflors, in Cases of Death or Avoidance of the Office.

Eleflirns and Business to be determined by Majority of Votes.

Members of the Company to have Votes according to the Number of their Shates.

Directors to take an Oatfi.

No Person to have a Vote in the Election of Directors, or making of Bye Laws, but Proprietors*

C. 5£. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

the Persons to be elected Directors at the then next ensuing General Election, or the major Part of them^ shall be fworh into their respective Offices.

IX. And be it further enacted, That Notice of the Day and Days, Time and Times, when any Election is to be made of a Director or Directors of and for the said Company shall be given and published in the London Gazette, by such Person or Persons as are hereby impowered to summon a Court to make such Election respectively, fourteen Days at least before any such Election shall be made.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon and after every such annual Election of thirteen Directors, and the said new Directors, or the major Part of them, shall be duly sworn in, they the said new Directors, or the major Part of them, shall, at their first Meeting, elect and choose two of their own Number to be ,a Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the said Court of Directors, who shall continue in their respective Offices until the Persons so to be elected Directors at the next ensuing General Election, or the major Part of them, shall be sworn into their respective Offices.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death or other Avoidance of the Office of Director or Directors of the said Company for the Time being, or any of them, the Survivors of them, or the major Part of those remaining in their Offices, shall and may at any Time, upon fourteen Days Notice at least to be given in the London Gazette as aforesaid, assemble together the Members of the said Company; and the Members of the said Company so assembled, or the major Part of them, shall and may then and there elect and choose some other Person or Persons, qualified as herein is directed, in the Room and Stead of the Person or Persons then dead, or whose Office or Offices shall have otherwise become void; and that the Person or Persons so to be chosen shall continue in such Office or Offices respectively until the Person or Persons to be elected Directors at the next ensuing General Election, or the major Part of them, shall be sworn into their respective Offices.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death or other Avoidance of the Office of Chairman or Deputy Chairman of the Court of Directors of the said Company, the Survivors or others of the said Directors for the Time being shall and may, at any Court of Directors to be summoned and held for that Purpose, as herein-before is mentioned, proceed to the Election of one or two of their own Number to be a Chairman or Deputy Chairman, as the Case may be; and that the Chairman or Deputy Chairman so to be elected shall continue in his or their Office or respective Offices until the Persons to be elected Directors at the then next ensuing General Election, or the major Part of them, shall be sworn into their respective Offices.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Elections of a Director or Directors of the said Company, or any of them, and all Matters and Things, in all General Courts to be holden of the said Company, shall be made, done, and determined by the Majority of the Votes of the Members of the said Company, who shall be present at such Elections.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in every Election of Directors, or any of them, in any General or other Court, which shall beholden of the said Company, every Member thereof who shall vote at such General or other Court, and shall, at the Time of such General or other Court, have, in his or her own Name and Right, one or two Share or Shares in the then Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, and no more, shall (by Reason and in Right thereof) have and be entitled to one Vote; and every Member of the said Company who shall vote at any such General or other Court, and shall then have, in his or her own Name and Right, three or four Shares in the then Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, and no more, shall (by Reason and in Right thereof) have and be entitled to two Votes; and every Member of the said Company who shall vote at any such General or other Court, and shall then have, in his or her own Name and Right, five, six, or seven Shares in the then Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, and no more, shall (by Reason and in Right thereof) have and be entitled to three Votes; and every Member of the said Company who shall vote at any such General or other Court, and shall then have, in his or her own Name and Right, eight or nine Shares in the then Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, and no more, shall (by Reason and in Right thereof) have and be entitled to four Votes; and every Member of the said Company who shall vote at any such General or other Court, and shall then have, in his or her own Name and Right, ten or more Shares in the then Capital Joint Stock of the said Company shall (by Reason and in Right of such Shares) have and be entitled to five Votes; but that no Member of the said Company shall have or be entitled to give, at any General or other Court of the said Company, more than five Votes.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person to be elected into the Office of a Director of the said Company shall be capable.of acSling in the said Office, until he shall have taken an Oath, in Form or to the Effect following, (videlicet:)

I A.B. do faithfully promise and swear, That in the Office of Director of the Sierra Leone Company I " A wiH give my best Advice and Assistance for the Support and good Government of the said Company, and that I will faithfully and honestly demean myself, and execute the said Office according to the best of my Skill and Understanding.

So help me GOD.'*

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person, except such joint Proprietor as hereafter mentioned, shall give any Vote for the Election of Directors, or any of them, or for or concerning the making oftBye Laws, or any other Matters relating to the Affairs or Government of the said Company, at any General or other Court, who shall not then have, in his or her own Name and Rijjlit, and for his or her own Ule, and not in Trult for any other Person, one Share at least in the Capital Joint Stock of the said Company.

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 55.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That where more Persons than one shall be jointly interested in one or more Share or Shares in the said Capital Joint Stock, they shall be entitled to give their Vote or Votes in respect of such Share by the Person only whole Name shall (land first in the Books of the said Company as joint Proprietor of such Share or Shares.

pm. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Person or Persons by this Act required to take any Oath shall be of the People called Quakers, it shall be sufficient for him or them, intlead of the Oath required, to make his or their solemn Affirmation to the same Effect.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of being elected or chosen a Director of the said Company, who shall not at the Time of such Choice or Election have, in his own Name, and in his own Right, and for his own Use, and not jointly with or in Trust for any other Person or Persons, one Share at least in the Capital Joint Stock of the said Company; and that upon parting with his Share rn the said Capital Joint Stock, or reducing the same to less than one Share as before mentioned, the Place of such Director so parting with, reducing, or diminishing his Share in the said Capital Joint Stock, as aforesaid, shall become vacant, and another Proprietor shall be elected Director in his Room by the Members of the said Company, according to the Rules and Methods herein prescribed or mentioned, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Person nominated to be a Director shall be capable to ad in the said Office of Director until he shall have taken an Oath, in the Words or to the Effect following, (videlicet:)

I A.B. do swear, That one Share at least of the Capital Joint Stock of the Sierra Leone Company, 44 JL whereof I am appointed or elected to be Director, doth at this Time belong to me in my own Right, and not in Trust for any other Person or Persons whomsoever.

So help me GOD."

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Oaths by this Act required or appointed to be taken by the said Directors of the said Company, every or any of them respectively, shall and may be administered by the Lord Mayor of the City of London, or any Alderman of the said City for the Time being, or any of them, or by any two or more of the said Court of Directors, who shall first have taken the said Oaths, and they and every of them respectively are hereby authorised and required to administer the said Oaths accordingly.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons to be nominated Director or Directors as aforesaid shall, for the Space of forty Days after such Nomination or Election, and Notice thereof given or lent to, or left with or for him or them at his or their usual Place of Residence, by Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the said Company for the Time being, neglect or refuse to take the Oath hereby appointed'to be taken by the said Directors of the said Company, or shall refuse or neglect to take upon him his or their Office or Offices of Director, then and in such Case the Office or Place of Director of every Person so neglecting or refusing shall become vacant, and a new Election or Elections shall be made into such Place or Places by the Members of the said Company, according to such Rules, Methods, and Qualifications of the Eledors as herein-before is mentioned and prescribed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Directors for the Time being, or the major Part of them (whereof the Chairman1 or Deputy Chairman to be always one, unless in such Cases as herein after mentioned) shall and may from Time to Time, and at all convenient Times, assemble and meet together at any convenient Place or Places, for the Direction and Management of the Affairs or L>u-finess of the said Company, and then and there hold Courts of Directors for the Affairs or Business of the said Company, and summon General Courts to meet as often as they shall see Cause; and that the said Court of Directors* or the major Part of them, so assembled, shall and may ad according to such Bye Laws, Constitutions, Orders, Rules, or Directions as shall from Time to Time be made and given unto them by the General Court of the said Company, and in all Cases not especially provided for by any Bye Laws, Constitutions, Orders, Rules, or Directions made by the said General Court, the said Court of Directors, or the major Part of them, so assembled, shall and may direct and manage all the Affairs and Business of the said Company, not especially appointed by this Act to be done by the said Company, in a General Court of the same, subject nevertheless to such Restrictions, Limitations, Rules, or Appointments^ as are contained in this Act on that Behalf.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Matters- and Things which the said Court of Directors, or the major Part of them, shall order and direct to be done by Sub-committees, or other Persons appointed under them, shall and may, by virtue of such Orders, be done by the said Sub-committees and other Persons so appointed, as fully as the said Court of Directors might lawfully do the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Directors shall have Power and Authority to administer an Oath to their Secretary, for the faithful and due Execution of his Trust, in the Words, or to the Efted following, (videlicet:)

T A\ B. being elected into the Office or Place of Secretary to the Sierra Leone Company, do swear, 44 J. That I will be true and faithful to the said Company, and will faithfully and truly execute and diU 44 charge the said Office of Secretary, to the utmost of my Skill and Power.

So help me GOD." And

t6j

Where Joint Proprietors hold a Share, the Person whole Name Hands first in the Form shall vote. Quakers to make Affirmation? instead of the Oa-.hs required.

No Person to be chosen a Dilector, unless possessed of one Share at least in the said Capital Joint Stock.

Form of Oath so be taken by the Directors.

Oaths to be taken by Directors to be administered by Loid Mayor, &c.

In case any Person chosen Director refuses or regleCls to qualify or take the Office, a new Election to be made.

For holding Meetings or Courts of the Directors,

Sub -committees may be appointed.

The Secretary's Oath.

168 C. 55. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III.

Notice to be given to Persons appointed Agents or Servants to the Company.

A.D. 1791.

And that when any Person shall be appointed Secretary of the said Company, Notice in Writing shall be forthwith sent to, or left with or for him, at his usual Place of Residence, by the Chairman of the Court of Directors at which he shall be so chosen, of such his Election, and he shall by such Notice be required to qualify himself without Delay for the said Office, by talcing the said Oath.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Person shall be appointed Agent or Servant of the said Company, Notice thereof shall be given or sent to, or left with or for him at his usual Place of Rcfi-deuce, by Writing under the Hand'of the Secretary of the said Company for the Time being.

The Oath of Agents or Servants.

Secretary, &c, neglecting to take the Oath, his Office to be void.

Meetings of the Company.

One Gener.il Court in a Year at the lead to be held.

For summoning General Courts, in Cases of Failure to call them by the Court of Directors.

For summorvng General Courts on Requisition from nine Members of the Company,

For removing Directors for Mismanagement, and chusing others in their Places,

Company may Bye Laws.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Directors shall have Power and Authority to administer to the Agents and Servants of the said Company the like Oath, mutatis mutandis, which they are hereby authorised and impowered to administer to their Secretary.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person to be elected Secretary, Agent, or Servant of the said Company as aforesaid, shall, for the Space of forty Days after such Nomination or Election, and Notice thereof given or sent to, or left with or for him at his usual Place of Residence, by Writing as herein-before is mentioned, neglect or refuse to take the respective Oath and Oaths hereby appointed to be taken as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to take upon him or them, his or their Office or Offices, that then, and in every such Case, the Office and Place of every such Person so neglecting or refusing shall become vacant, and a new Election or Elections shall be made into such Place or Places as in the respective Cases is herein-before prescribed and mentioned.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, from Time to Time, to assemble and meet together at any convenient Place or Places, for the Choice of the Directors of the said Company, according to the true Intent of this Act, and for the making of Bye-Law's, Ordinances, Rules, Orders, or Directions for the good Government thereof* or for any other Affairs or Business concerning the said Company; and that all the Members of the said Company, or so many of them as shall be assembled (whereof the Chairman or Deputy Chairman to be always one, except in such Cases as herein after are mentioned) shall be and be called a General Court of the said Company, which Court shall assemble and meet together at such Times and in such Manner as herein after is directed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Directors, or the major Part of them for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, to summon and appoint one General Court at lealt in every Year, between the first Day of January and the first Day of April.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time or Times there shall be a Failure of holding a General Court within the said Time, by the Default of the Court of Directors for the Time being, that then and so often, and in every such Case, any five or more of the Directors of the said Company shall and may summon and call a General Court, which shall meet and be holden some Time in the Month of May next after the Time in which such General Court should have been holden, upon the Summons of the major

' Part of the Court of Directors of the said Company as aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Directors, or the major Part of them for the Time being, shall, from Time to Time, upon Demand in Writing under their Hands, to be made by any nine or more of the Members of the said Company, having each of them one full Share at lead in the Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, solely or jointly, as herein-before is mentioned, within twenty Days after such Demand, call a General Court to be held of the Members of the said Company; and if the said Court of Directors, or the major Part of them, shall refuse or neglect to summon and call such General Court, it shall be lawful for the said nine or more Members, having each one full Share as aforesaid, upon fourteen Days Notice in Writing, to be published in the London Gazette, to summon and hold a General Court of the said Company, and then and there to appoint one of themselves to be President or Chairman of the General Court so to be holden, and to do and dispatch any Business relating to the Government or Affairs of the said Company; and that in the General Court so to be called and holden, or in any other General Court of the said Company, the Members then and there present may hear and debate any Complaint that shall be made against any Director or Directors, for Mismanagement in his or their Office or Offices; and if such Director or Directors shall not dear himself or themselves of such Complaint, to the Satisfaction of the major Part of the Members of the said Company, who shall be present at the said General Court, then and in every such Case, within twenty Days next after such General Court, another General Court shall be called and held of the Members of the said Company, fourteen Days Notice thereof being given as aforesaid, finally to determine the same by the Majority of Votes as aforesaid; and that the said second General Court may, by the Majority of Votes as aforesaid, remove and displace any Director or Directors for such Mismanagement in his or their Office or Offices, and may elect some other Person or Persons from out of the Members of the said Company, being qualified as herein-before is mentioned, to be Director or Directors in Manner before prescribed, in the Room or Rooms, Stead or Steads of such Person or Persons as shall be removed or displaced, and that the Person or Persons so to be elected shall continue in such Office or Offices, until the Persons to be clcCted Directors at the then next ensuing General Election, or the major Part of them, shall be (worn into their respective Offices.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power, and they are hereby authorised in the General Courts or Assemblies aforesaid, by Majority of Votes as aforesaid,-to make and constitute reasonable Laws, Constitutions, Orders, and Ordinances, from Time to Time for, touching, or concerning the Trade of the said Comoany, and for making Dividends of the Profits arising from their Capital Joint Stock, and for the good Government of all or any other Adairs or Business of the said

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 55.

Company, and for the good Government of all the Officers, Servants, and otMrs, concerned in the same, and to inflict reasonable Penalties and Forfeitures for any Breach or Breaches thereof, so that the same be not repugnant to the Laws of this Realm; and that all the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be levied, recovered, and received to the only Use and Behoof of the said Company, without any Account, Matter, or Thing, to be therefore rendered to any Person or Persons whomrsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the first General Court for the said Company shall be held within the Space of thirty Days next after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one,

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases when there shall be an Ecjuality, or an equal

Number of Votes in any General Court, or in any Court of Directors to be holden as aforesaid, the Chairman for the Time being shall have die calling Vote.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That a Court of Directors of the said Company shall be summoned and held once at lead in every Calendar Month, during the Continuance of the said Company; and that in case the Chairman or Deputy Chairman shall refuse or neglect to summon and hold a Court of Directors, once at lead in every Calendar Month, and in every Calc, where under the Provisions of this Act it shall be necessary that a Court of Directors should be held, and through Neglect or Refusal of the Chairman or Deputy, or Deaths of them, or either of them, the same cannot be otherwise held, then and in every such Case, and so often, five or more of the Directors of the said Company for the Time being may, upon reasonable Notice to be given thereof in the London Gazette, summon the Directors of the said Company to assemble and meet together at the then usual Place of Meeting of the Court of Directors, and the said Directors, so assembled upon such Summons, or the major Part of them, shall be and be deemed to be a Court of Directors of the said Company, and shall and may transact and do all Matters and Things belonging to a Court of Directors of the said Company to transact and do.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Court of Directors shall be duly summoned to -assemble and meet together, if the Chairman or Deputy Chairman shall, by reason of Sickness, Absence from London, or other Occasions, not come or be present at such Meeting, and shall not fend Notice of his or their Inability to attend, within two Hours after the Time appointed for such Meeting, then and in such Case the Directors, or the major Part of them, being so met, shall and may in such Case make, hold, and be a Court of Directors, and do and transact all Matters and Things belonging to a Court of Directors of the said Company to do and transact; or if the Chairman and Deputy Chairman shall fend Notice of their Inability to attend, then, without waiting two Hours after the Time appointed as aforesaid, the Directors, or the major Part of them, so met, shall and may make, hold, and be a Court of Directors, and in like Manner proceed to Business.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall cause an Accomptant to keep a Book or Bocks in the public Office or Place of Meeting of the said Company, to be provided for that Purpose, and therein fairly to enter or cause to be entered, from Time to Time, the Account of the Capital Joint Stock of the said Company as aforesaid, the same to be by him attested upon Oath (if required), which said Book or Books shall from Time to Time lie open to be viewed, and shall be called The Ledger of the Capital Joint Stock of the Sierra Leone Company; and there shall also be from Time to Time provided and kept, as herein after is mentioned, one or more other Book or Books, which shall be called The Transfer Book or Books of the Sierra Leone Company.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Shares of all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, of and in the said Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, or any of them (so that the same be not thereby splitand divided into Fractions) shall and may be assignable and transferable, assigned and transferred, to such Person or Persons only as shall freely and voluntarily accept the same, and not otherwise, by an Entry to be made in the said Transfer Book or Books, signed by the Party or Parties so assigning or transferring, in the Words or to the Effect following, (videlicet

€C T A.B. do transfer and assign unto C.D. his Executors,^ Administrators, and Assigns, my 4C X Share or Shares [as the Case ?nay lej in the Capital Joint Stock of the Sierra Leone Company, and all Benefit arising therefrom. Witness my Hand, this Day of in the

u Year of our Lord "

Or In case the Person or Persons assigning or transferring be not present, that then and in such Case the Af-signment or Transfer shall be made by an Entry in the said Book or Books last mentioned, signed by some Person thereunto lawfully authorised by Letter of Attorney, or Deed duly executed in the Presence of and attested by two or more Witnesses, in the Words or to the Effect following, (videlicet -J

c< T A.B. by virtue of a Letter of Attorney from C.D. dated the Day of

" X in the Year of our Lord do, in the Name and on the Behalf of the said C.D. transfer and assign unto E. F. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the €i Share or Shares of the said C.D. in the Capital Joint Stock of the Sierra Leone Company, and all Be-c< nefit arising therefrom. Witness my Hand, the Day of in the Year of

« our Lord

And that all Alignments and Transfers made in Manner above prescribed, and no other, shall be good and available in the Law, and shall transfer and convey the whole Estate and Interest of the Party or Parties so 31 Geo. III. Z assigning

169

First General Court.

Chairman to have the castii ? Vote.

For holding

Courts of DirectoiE.

For hol^in? Courts of Directors, notwithstanding the Absence of the Chairman or Deputy Chairman.

For keeping the Books of the Company,

For assigning Shares.

170

No Person to cMm as Executor, Admi-ni lira for, or De-*ilee, without producing the 'Probate or Letters of Admi-niftratiun.

For prevent? ng Doubts in the Minds of the Publick, with respect to the Credit of the Company.

For appointing Officers, and making Allowances to them.

Shares in the

Cipital Joint Stock to be ,deemed personal Estate.

His Mapfty impowered tfi grant, and the Company to hold, the exclu-fiveRight tr the Penrulula of Sierra Lcune, &c.

For feeoring the African Merchants from the Operation of the Act.

Proceedings not to be vacated for want ot Form. Lim'tation of Acti?ns.

C. 55. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

assigning or transferring, or authorising such Alignment or Transfer, of and in such and so many of his, her, or their said Shares thereof, as in such Alignment or Transfer shall be mentioned, and all Benefits and Advantages in respect thereof, until the Assignee or Transferee, Assignees or Transferrees therein named, his, her, and their Executors, Administraiers, and Assigns.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Person who ill all claim any Share or Interest of or in the Capital Joint Stock of the ianJ Company, either as Executor, Adunniitrutor, or Legatee, shall transfer the same, or receive any Dividends or Profits thereof, until he, she, or they shall have produced the Will, or Probate of the Will, or the Letters of Administration under which he, she, or they respectively claim, unto the Person or Persons who shall have the Care and Keeping of tat said Transfer Book, in order to his or their making nn Entry or Memorandum of such Will, Prohutc, or Letters of Administration, or of so much thereof as relates to the Lid Stock, in a Book or Books to be by him or then kept and provided for that Purpose, which Book or BoeLb shall be open in the Transfer Office, to be (ecu and perused at all ieulon-able Times, by all Pci Ions concerned, without Fee or Charge; and the Person or Persons keeping the said Transfer Books is and are hereby required to provide and keep such Book or Books, and to make such Entries and Memorandums accordingly.

XLI. And, to prevent any Doubts in the Minds of the Publick with respect to the Credit of the said c Company,' be it further enacted, That feme Time between the first Day of April and the first Day of May in every Year, there shall be published and declared in the Leaden Gazette, a just and true Account of the Debts, Credits, and Amount of the Capital Stock of the said Company, signed by the Chairman* Deputy Chairman, and five other Directors of the said Company for the Time being.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Directors of the said Company for the Time being from Time to Tunc to choose or appoint, or cause to be cholen and appointed, such Officers and Servants as they shall judge necessary to be employed in the Service of the said Company, and to continue them, or any of them, in their respective Offices or Employments, in fueft Manner as they the said Directors shall think fit; and also to fade and establish proper Salaries, Fees, or Allowances to the Officers and Servants so to be ciiofen and appointed.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, and the Share and Interest of each and every particular Member thereof and therein, liuli be deemed and adjudged, in all Courts of Law and Equity, and elsewhere, to be a personal and not a ical Estate, and shall go to the Executors or Administrators of the Person or Persons dying peddled thereof, or entitled thereunto, and not to the Heir of such Person.

XITV. And, for the better and, more effectually establishing and carrying on of the Trade and Business of the said Company,' be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to make unto the said Company a Grant, by Letters l atent under the Great Seal of Great Britain* of so much and such Part of all that Trad! or District of Land, situate and being at Sierra Leone, on the Coalt of Af rica, and commonly called or known by the Name or Description of The Peninsula of Sierra Leone, as already may have, or shall hereafter, by any Grant, Purchase, or Cession from any of the Kings, Princes, or Chiefs having Right therein, become vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with full Power, Liberty, and Privilege to and for the said Company to purchase of and from all Kings, Princes, and Chiefs, or other Powers having Right to make Sale thereof, so nit.ch Land as shall include the whole Tract or District so commonly called or known by the Name of The Peninsula of sierra Leone as aforesaid, as the same is bounded on the North by the River Sierra Leone, on the South by the River Giramanea, on the East by the River Bunce, and on the West by the Sea, to hold the same, and the whole Ule, Property, and Possession of the said Peninsula (as weil such Part thereof as may have so been veiled in his Majesty as aforesaid, as also such additional Part so to be purchased by them under the Authority of this Act, and his Majesty's laid Grant) unto the said Company and their Assigns, upon such Terms, Conditions, and Reservations to be inserted in the said Grant, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors respectively, shall judge expedient.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect the Rights of any other British Subjects trading to Africa, so as to prevent or in any Manner to obstruct the Ships or Vefteis belonging to British Subjects from anchoring in Sierra Leone or Caranumca Rivers, or in any of the Creeks, Bays, or Harbours within the Limits specified in this Act for the Purpose of refitting and repairing as heretofore, with full Liberty to the same to erect temporary Tents, Huts, or Sheds on the Shores of the said Peninsula, for the Security, of the Stores and Accommodation of the Persons employed upon such Occasions; and that no Impediment or Obstruction shall be given by the said Company, their Agents or Servants, to such British Subjects, or their Agents, to prevent their purchasing ivory. Wax, Camwood, and Provisions from the Natives, or procuring Fruit, Fire— wood,'and Water as heretofore, without any new Charge being exacted for the same.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this shall be quaffied or vacated (or want of Form only.

XLVII. And be it farther enabled. That if any Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought, insti-tuted, or commenced (in any Court of Great Britain) against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities, or the Orders and Directions herein-before given or granted, every such Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, or in case there shall be a Continuance of Damage, then wimin six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall cea(crB 11 aixi

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 56.

and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, Suit, or Information may, in any such Court, plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, or it any Action, Suit, or Information, shall he brought after the Time' (b limited for bringing tire fame, then and in such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Court of Sessions in Scotland shall dismiss the said Suit; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Purluer or PurfucTS, shall become Noniuit, or fuiter a DisconSnuance of his, her, or their Action, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verbid or Judgement, or Decision of the Court of Session in Scotland, shall pais against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Purfucr or Pursuers, or if upon Demurrer, or otherwise. Judge me nt fli.tl! be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs the Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs, and mail have Inch Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any A cl ion or Actions at Law.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall take place and have Continuance from the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, for and during the "Term of thirty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

XLIX. And be it (Either enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and all Judges many of the Courts in Great Britain, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same,

CAP. LVI.

An Act more effectually to prevent Abuses and Frauds committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool and Worded Yarn in the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the said City.

WHEREAS, by certain Acts of Parliament, made in the twenty-second Year of the Rcrgn of King George the Second, and the fourteenth and fifteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual breach ting of Brands and /Hafts committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the IHocIlen, Linen, Fuji i an, (Hiton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax,

Mohair, and Silk Manufactures y and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers, and Journey?nen Hotpressers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures, and for the better Payment of Their lVages\ certain Penalties and Punishments in the said Acts respectively mentioned are inflicted upon all Persons who shall reel Short or False Yarn, and on Persons embezzling the Materials used in the said Manufactures: And whereas the Purposes of the said Acts have been greatly frustrated,

within the County of Norfolk and City of Norwich and County of the same City, from the Woolcombers and Makers of Worded Yarn being unwilling to expofo themselves singly to the Lois attending the Rc- fentment of the Spinners and Work People, by prosecuting them for Offences against the said Acts:

And whereas this important Branch of the Woollen Manufacture within the Places aforesaid will be greatly prejudiced, unless the Woolcombers and Makers of Worded Yarn are enabled jointly to carry the said Acts into effectual Execution, and unless some further Regulations are made to prevent Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool and Worded Yarn,

which cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a General Meeting of the Woolcombers and Makers of Worded Yarn, in the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the same City, shall be held at the City of Norwich? upon or before the second Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, at the Hour of eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, Notice of which shall be given in some of the Norwich Newspapers, at lead twenty-one Days before the said Meeting, by the Clerk of the Peace for the City of Norwich? at which said General Meeting such of the said Woolcombers and Makers of Worded Yarn as shall be present shall have Votes, and having first chosen a Chairman, shall elect, nominate, and appoint twelve Persons from amongd themselves, which said twelve Persons so to be elected shall be a Committee of the said Woolcombers and Makers of Worded Yarn, until another Committee shall be chosen and appointed in the Manner herein after provided, and so as often as there shall be Occasion ;* which Committee are hereby authorised and impowered to nominate and recommend proper Persons to be licensed by the Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the same City respectively, at any of their Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, tovbe Inspectors for the Purposes herein after mentioned; an3 the said Committee shall also have the Direction of all Prosecutions of Offenders against: this and the said before-mentioned Acts, and the Management of the Fund or Funds herein after created, and shall have Power to do all other Matters and Things which may be deemed nccoilary and proper for carrying this Act into Execution, in such Manner as the said Committee shall, from Time to Time, think beftfor the Interest and Advantage of all the Woolcombers and Makers of Worlled Yarn in the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the same City.

II. Provided always, That no Woolcomber or Maker of Wonted Yarn, who fhrdl be employed as a Journeyman, shall attend or have a Vote at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act* or in any Manner interfere in the carrying of this Act into Execution.

Z a III. And

171

Generi! Iflac,

Treble Co ft*.

For li*iitinz the Duration of the A£fc to thirt) one Years.

[Publick Act.]

[Preamble.]

iz Geo. 2. c. 27. 14 Geo. 3.C 4.4. 1^5 Geo. 3. c. 14.

General Meet-

inz of the Ma. nufjiPurers appointed.

172

Committee to appoint a Clerk.

His Duty.

Quarterly Meetings appointed.

Chairman to be cho[en.

Question to be determined by a Majority.

No Business to be dor.e at Quarterly Meeting?, unless fiveMem-bers are present.

Three Commit-th? Men may cal) a Special ' Meeting#

New Commit-lee Men to be chosen upon Vacancies.

If Cc mmiitee neglect their Due),

Justice*, on

Complaint thereof, may till a General Meeting.

C. 56. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Committee, at any Quarterly Meeting assembled, and they are hereby authorised and required, from Time to Time, to' nominate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands, a proper Person to be their Clerk, which said Clerk shall attend the Meetings of the said Committee, and shall, in proper Books to be provided for that Purpose, enter and keep true and perfect Accounts of all the Acts, Proceedings, and Transadhons of the said Committee; and that each and every of the said Woolcombers and Makers of Worded Yarn shall and may, at all convenient Times* have Recourse to, and peruse and inspect all such Books gratis, and may demand and have Copies thereof* or of any Part thereof, paying two Pence for every one hundred Words so to be copied; and if any such Clerk shall refuse to permit any such Woolcomber or Maker of Worded Yarn to inspectany such Book, or/ refuse or wilfully neglect to make and deliver any Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, at the Rate aforesaid, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes aforesaid, a Meeting of the said Committee shall be held four Times in every Year; (that is to say,) on the fir & Friday in the Months of January, Aprils July, and October, at five of the Clock in the Afternoon of each and every of the said Days in the City of Norwich; and the Committee at such Quarterly Meetings shall have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, the fird of which said Quarterly Meetings shall be held on the fird of the said Days on which the said Quarterly Meetings are herein-before appointed to be held, which shall happen after the Election of such Committee, and at such Place as shall be fixed and agreed upon by such Committee after their Election; and at such first Quarterly Meeting, and every subsequent Meeting of such Committee, a Chairman for each such Meeting shall be chosen; and at every such Quarterly Meeting the Place at which the then next Quarterly Meeting shall be held, shall be fixed upon and appointed by the Majority of such Committee then assembled; and the Chairman of such Committee is hereby required to cause fourteen Days Notice to be given of the Time and Place of the next following Quarterly Meeting of such Committee in some of the Norzuich Newspapers; and all Matters or Things that shall come before such Committee for their Determination shall be determined by a Majority of Votes of the Members of such Committee there present; and if there shall be an Equality of Votes upon any Question which shall come before the said Committee, after the Chairman shall be chosen, then the Chairman shall have a cading Vote, by which Vote such Question in dispute shall be determined.

V. Provided nevertheless, That in case at any such Quarterly Meetings, or at any Adjournment thereof, there shall not be present and assembled five of the Persons condituting such Committee, then and in such Case no Business whatsoever shall be done at such Meeting or Adjournment, except that (if such Meeting shall be a Quarterly Meeting) then the Majority of the Persons present shall appoint the Place at which the then next ensuing Quarterly Meeting shall be held, and shall cause fourteen Days Notice to be given thereof in some of the Norwich Newspapers; or in case no such Appointment shall be made, and Notice thereof given as aforesaid, the next Quarterly Meeting shall be held at the Place where the lad Quarterly Meeting was appointed to be held.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time it shall appear to any three or more of such Committee, that, for the more effectual putting any of the Powers granted by this Act into Execution, or for settling or difeuding any Matters or Things whatsoever relative to the same, a Special Meeting of such Committee is necessary or expedient to be held, it shall be lawful for the said three or more of the said Committee to direct the Clerk to give Notice of such Special Meeting of the Committee to every Member thereof, setting forth the Place where, and the Time when, such Special Meeting shall be appointed to be held, which Notice shall be given seven Days at the lead before the Time appointed for such Special Meeting; and in case there shall be then present at such Special Meeting five of the said Committee, it shall be lawful for such of the said Committee so present to proceed in the Execution of the Powers gi\en by this Act to the said Committee.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Committee shall die, or decline Business as a Woolcomber or Adaker of Worded Yarn, or shall go to reside in any County, City, or Place not subject to the Regulations of this Act, or shall wilfully absent himself from the said Quarterly Meetings for the Space of one Year, to refuse to act, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Committee at any of their Quarterly Meetings, there being five of such Committee then present, to choose another proper Person, being a Woolcomber or Maker of Worded Yarn within the County of Norfolk, or City of Norwich or County of the same City, in his Place, who shall have the same Power and Authority as if appointed at a General Meeting.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time it shall appear to any twenty or more of the Woolcombers or Alakers of Worded Yarn within the Coupty of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the same City, that the said Committee neglect to discharge their Duty touching the Execution of this Act, and such twenty or more of such Woolcombers or Makeis of Worded Yarn shall, in Writing under their Hands, make Complaint thereof to the Justices of the Peace at any of the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the find City and County of the same City, or any Adjournment thereof, to be assembled, then and in such Case it mail be lawful for such Justices in such Sessions assembled, and they are Tiereby required (if they shall think proper, after hearing the Nature of such Complaint) to call and appoint a General Meeting of the Woolcombers and Alakers of Worded Yarn within the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the same City, at such Time and Place as such Justices shall think proper, and shall also cause Notice to be given of such General Meeting in some of the Nonvich Newspapers, setting forth the Place where and the Time when such General Meeting shall be held, the same not beine less than twenty-one Days after such Notice given; and it shall be lawful for such Woolcombers and

r; Alakers

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 56

Makers of Worsted Yarn, present at such General Meeting, to ele£l, nominate, and appoint a Committee, confiding of the same Number of Persons, and in the like Manner, and under and subject to the like Or-- ders. Regulations, and Directions as is and are herein-before laid down and ordered for the Election of the first: Committee; and the Persons so elected, nominated, and appointed to be a new Committee in Manner aforesaid, shall thereupon be inverted with the same Powers and Authorities as the former Committee were invested with; and the Powers and Authorities by this Act given to the former Committee (hr 11 from thenceforth cease and determine.

IX. And, for preventing Frauds and Abuses for the future, by Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool and Worsted Yarn within the Limits aforesaid, and for the more effectually carrying this Act into Execution,' be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the same City respectively, at their first or second Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the same City respectively next after the first General Meeting of the said Woolcombers and Makers of Worsted Yam to be held in pursuance of this Act, or any Adjournment of such Sessions, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to licence and appoint such Persons of good Character and Repute, as shall be recommended to the said Justices by the said Committee, to be Inspectors of Worsted Yarn within the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the same City, such Recommendation to be signified in Writing under the Hand of the Chairman of such Committee.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee shall and may, and they are hereby authorised to Ration such Inspectors for such Districts in the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the fadae City, as the said Committee shall think proper, notwithstanding the Jurisdiction of the Justices who shall have licensed such Inspectors respectively shall not extend to the Whole of the respective Districts for which they shall be respectively stationed, and shall and may assign, allow, and pay to the said Inspectors so appointed such yearly Salaries as the said Committee dial think proper, out of the Fund herein after mentioned to be raised for that and the other Purposes of this Act; and also shall and may remove, dismiss, find displace any of such Inspectors, who by Sickness or any other Accident shall be rendered incapable of serving the said Office, or shall misbehave, or not conduct himself or themselves to the Satisfaction of such Committee.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Inspectors so appointed shall severally and respectively, in the several Districts allotted to them by the said Committee, use all due Diligence and Industry for the convicting and bringing to Justice all Offenders against this and the said former Acts; and also shall and do, from Time to Time, and as often as they shall be thereto required by the said Committee, inspect the several Reels of all and every the Spinners of Worsted Yarn in their respective Districts, and also the Hanks or Skeins of Worsted Yarn in the Custody or Possession of such Spinners, in order to see that the Directions herein after laid down for reeling such Yarn be complied with; and also shall and do, from Time to Time, when and as they or any of them shall detect any Person or Persons offending against this or the said former Acts, within their respective Districts, lodge Informations against such Offender or Offenders, before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, and prosecute such Offender or Offenders to Conviction; and it shall be lawful for every such Inspector, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to inspect the Yarn in the Custody of any Putter-out of Wool, or of any Agent hired or employed to put out Wool, or of any Spinner of such Wool or Worsted Yarn, within such respective Districts; and in case any such Person shall refuse to shew and produce the Yarn in his or her Custody, he or she shall forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding ten Pounds nor less than five Pounds if a Putter-out of Wool, or an Agent or Person hired or employed to put out Wool, and not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, if a Spinner, as such Justice before whom he or she shall be convicted shall think proper.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Person employed or undertaking to spin or reel Worsted Yarn for Hire in the said County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the same City, shall reel, or cause or procure the same to be reeled, either upon a Yard Reel, of thirty-six Inches, or a Seven-quarter Reel of sixty-three Inches, or a Two-yard Reel of seventy-two Inches round, and when such. Worsted Yarn shall be so reeled, each and every several Hank or Skein of such Worsted Yarn, which shall be so reeled, shall consist of or contain such a Number of Raps or Leas, each and every of which Raps or Leas confiding of or containing eighty Threads of such Worsted Yarn as is herein after specified; (that is to say,) every Hank or Skein* shall be seven Leas reeled on the Yard Reel, and fix Leas reeled on the Seven-quarter Reel, and seven Leas reeled on the Eight-quarter or Two-yard Reel; and that every Hank or Skein that shall be used as a Binder to tie up or bind together any Pound or Parcel of Yarn shall contain the same Number of Threads in a Rap or Lea, and the same Number of Raps or Leas as the otbev Hanks or Skeins in the said Pound or Parcel.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person employed to spin Wool, or to put out Wool for spinning, within the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the same City, shall take in or have in his or her Possession, atone and the same Time, the Wool or Yarn belonging to more than one Woolcomber or Maker of Worsted Yarn; and that every Person who shall put out Wool, or take in Yarn, otherwise than as above specified, being a Putter-out of Wool, shall pay the Sum of forty Shillings, ^nd being a Spinner, shall pay the Sum of five Shillings for every such Offence, which Penalty shall be paid into the Hands of the nearest Inspector, and shall be made Part of the Fund herein after dueled to be established.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Spinner to whom any Wool shall be put out to be (pun within the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the same City, and who shall keep the same

*73

Justices to appoint Inspectorr of Yam.

Committee to station Inspectors, and allow them Salaries,

Inspe£r>rs to use Diligence in convicting and bringing Offenders to Justice.

Their Power.

D're&ions hovr Worsted Yarn shall be reeled.

General Regulations for putting out Wool Spinning, &c.

Further Peculations refhr&~ putting out Wool, &c.

C.

174

p?n;\lt>e< on c ret lins of Wuiited Yarn.

Pf( fecuTors not liable toChargefl of convening Oftcndei« to Prison.

No Part of Pe-jialti's to be given to Of* tenders.

Penalty on Agents refufins to discover Persons guilty of talJe reeling.

Putters* out of Wool to be an* fwerable for the Wool ^ifeo them to be put

lit.

C. 56. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 179

fame in his or her Custody more than four Months before the same shall be wrought and delivered back to the Woolcomber or Maker of Worsted Yarn to whom the same shall belong,'or his or her Agent, unless prevented working and delivering back such Wool by feme inevitable Cauib, shall be deemed guilty of

embezzling the lame.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person hired or employed in the combing of Wool, or in the spinning, reeling, or winding of Worded Yarn, in the County of Norssv, and City of Norwich and County of the same City, shall reel, or cause to be reeled, or spin, or c a life to be loan, any Worsted Yarn, contrary to the Directions before specified and k id down for the spinning or retiing such Yarn, (whether such Yarn shall leman in his or her IY-lielhin or Custody, or shall have been delivered by him other to the Putter-out, or other Person from whom ho 01 ffnc !h: il have received the Wool from which such Yarn shall have been spun,) or shall conceal, keep back, embezzle, fell, or otherwise dispose of any Wool, or other Materials entrusted with him or her to spin, or for any other Purpose, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, be subject and liable to the fan e Penalties and Punishments as are severally inflicted by the said former Acts, lb far as the said former Acts, or any of them, are unrepealed, and which laid Penalties (after deducting the reout all the Kxpcr.cc? attending the Conviction of the Offender or Offender?, and the Recovery of such Penalties) shall be publickly diilnhuted by the Over fee r of the Poor of the Township, Parish, or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, under the Direction of the Justice or Justices before whom the Offender or Offenccis shall have been convicted, among the Poor of such Township, Parish, or Place.

XVI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the subjecting any Prosecutor of any Offender against this and the said former Acts to any Charges or Expences of conveying such Offender to Prison, but such Charges and Expences shall be paid and borne by the Conibble or other Officer conveying such Offender to Prison; and such Constable or other Officer shall be reimbursed and repaid such Charges and Expences in like Manner as he is reimbursed and repaid any other Charges or Expences incurred in his said Office.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, That no Part or Share of such Penalties or Forfeitures be given to such Offender or Offenders, his, her, or their Family or Families.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Agent or Person hired or employed to put out Wool to be spun into Worsted Yarn, within the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the same City, shall have in his or her Custody or PoiEffion any Wcifted Yarn not reeled according to the Directions herein-before specified and laid down for the reeling thereof, and shall refuse or wilfully neglect to set forth and give in Evidence before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town or Place wherein such Agent or Person shall reside (being thereto required by any Woolcomber or Maker of Worsted Yarn, or Inspection) what Person or Persons was or were the Reelcr or Reelers of such Yarn, or who was or were hired or employed to reel the lame, so that the Person or Persons who reeled, or caused to be reeled, such Yarn may be lawfully convicted thereof, he or she so refusing, or not setting forth or giving in Evidence as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings for every Pound of such Yarn, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Pound, which shall be found in his or her Custody; which Penalty shall go, be paid, and applied by every such Person, and in such Manner and Form, to the Poor of the Township or Place, as any Penalties herein-before mentioned are directed to be paid and applied.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be employed to put out Wool to be (pun into Worsted Yarn by any Woolcomber or Woolcombers, or Maker or Makers of Worsted Yarn, within the County of Norfolk, and City of Nonvich and County of the same City, shall be answerable to such Woolcomber or Woolcombers, or Maker or Makers of Worsted Yarn, for all the Wool he or she shall have received from such Woolcomber or Woolcombers, or Maker or Makers of Worsted Yarn; and it shall be dawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or Place, where any Person who shall be employed to put out Wool to be spun into Yarn as aforesaid shall reside, upon the Complaint of any Woolcomber or Woolcombers, or Maker or Makers of Worsted Yarn, within the County of Norfolk and City of Norwich and County of the same City, or of his, her, or their Agent or Agents, to issue a Summons, requiring such Person against whom such Complaint shall be made to appear before such Justice at some Time and Place to be specified in such Summons; and if the Woolcomber or Woolcombers or Maker or Makers of Worsted Yarn, on whose Behalf such Summons shall be issued, shall prove by the Oath of any credible Witness, or by the Affirmation of any credible Witness, being of the People called Quakers, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, that the Person against whom such Summons shall have been issued, or if such Person shall confess that he or she hath received from such Woolcomber or Woolcombers or Maker or Makers of Worsted Yarn, any Wool to be put out to be spun into Worsted Yam, for which he or she is answerable, and shall not have delivered the same to such Woolcomber or Woolcombers or Maker or Makers of Worsted Yarn, having received forty Days Notice so to do,‘ or paid to him or them the Value of such Wool, then it shall be lawful for such Justice, and lie is hereby required to issue his Warrant for the raising and levying, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person against whom such Summons shall have been issued, not only the Value (to be ascertained by such Justice) of the Wool for which he or she shall be answerable as aforesaid, but also all the Charges and Expences of raising and levying the same, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, the Value of which said Wool, or so much thereof as shall be raised and levied, shall be paid to the Person or Persons to whom such Wool shall belong.

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 56.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be so appointed an Inspector of Worded Yarn shall die, or be removed or displaced from his said Office, it shall, in every such Case, be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the same City respectively, in Quarter Sessions assembled, or in any Adjournment thereof, and they are hereby required to license some other proper Person to be an Inspector of Worded Yarn in his Stead, upon the Recommendation of the said Committee; which said Person shall be inverted with all the Powers, and subject to the like Removal, and liable to the like Penalties for any Breach or Neglect of Duty, as the Inspector in whose Place he shall be appointed to succeed was inveded with or subject or liable to.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Inspector so appointed as aforesaid, shall at any Time take or receive from any Person offending against this or the said former Acts, any Sum oi Money or other Thing whatsoever, to fereen such Person so offending as aforesaid from Justice, or otherwise to hinder or prevent him or her from being convicted of the Offence committed by him or her, and being thereof convicted upon Oath of two or more credible Witnesses, or on the solemn Affirmation of two or more credible Witnesses being of the People called Quakers, before any Justice of the Peace of the County, City, Town, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, which Oath or Affirmation such Justice is hereby impowered to administer, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit such Inspector so offending to the House of Correction, or other publick Prison, for the Space of one Month.

XXII. And whereas, by several Acts of Parliament, made in the tenth and twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and several subsequent Acts, the Collectors of the Duties upon Soap by the said Acts granted are directed to pay out of the Monies in their Hands, by way of Drawback, unto any Person or Persons who should employ any Quantity of Soap in the making of any Manufacture, whereof the greated Part of the Value of the Materials should be Wool, or in preparing the Wool for the same, the Duties upon the Soap so spent and consumed as aforesaid; and to the End that a sufficient Fund may be raised for defraying the Expences of passing this Act, and carrying the same into Execution Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and every the Collector or Collectors, Supervisor or Supervisors, or other Person or Persons employed in the Collection of the Duties on Soap, within the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the same City, and who by the said Acts are directed to pay such Drawback of the Duties on Soap to such Manufacturers as aforesaid, and such Collector or Collegers, Supervisor or Supervisors, or other Person or Persons, is and are hereby required, from Time to Time, to deduct and retain the Sum of six Pence out of every Shilling to which any Person being a Woolcomber or Maker of Worsted Yarn, residing within the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the same City, shall from Time to Time hereafter be entitled, and of which, he, she, or they shall demand Payment, under or by virtue of the said Acts, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever, as and for the Duties of and for all Soap spent, employed, and consumed in the combing of Wool, or making of Worsted Yarn, or preparing the Woo! for the same, in the County of No folk, and City of Norwich and County of the same City; and such Collector or Collectors, Supervisor or Supervisors, or other Person or Persons, and each and every of them, shall severally and respectively pay or cause to be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to be appointed by the said Committee, at some Quarterly Meeting, (Demand being made thereof,) all and every the Sum or Sums of Money by him, them, or any of them, so deducted and retained, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, such Treasurer giving Security, to the Satisfaction of the said Committee, for all Sums so received by him or them.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Treasurer shall, out of the Money hereafter to be received by him in Manner aforesaid, pay the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and the Expences relative thereto, together with Interest for all or any Part of such Expences, the Salaries of the Inspectors and Clerk herein-before directed to be appointed, the Expences of all Prosecutions in support of this and the said former Acts, within the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the same City, and such other Charges and Expences as may hereafter be incurred or expended for the Support and Encouragement of the said Manufacture, as the said Committee shall direct or appoint; and the said Treasurer is also hereby required not to pay any Money, to be hereafter received by him for the Purposes of this Act in Manner aforesaid, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, cr for any Purposes whatsoever, without such Order, Direction, or Appointment of such Committee; and such Treasurer shall lay his Accounts before the said Committee for Examination whenever they may require the same, and shall return and transmit to such Committee a true and perfect Account of all Money which shall have come to his Hands, or been paid by him from Time to Time, as often as the said Committee shall require the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case at any Time the Monies herein-before directed and ordered to be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer for the Purposes aforesaid shall, after Payment of all and every the Charges and Expences herein-before ordered and directed to be paid thereout, amount to the Sum or two hundred Pounds only, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Committee to make Orders for increasing the aforesaid six Pence per Shilling, which the Collectors and Supervisors of Excite are herein-before directed to retain in their Hands, to any Sum not exceeding eleven Pence in the Shilling, as they may think necessary, until the Fund shall amount to three hundred Pounds, and from Time to Time, upon the like Application, reduce the same to six Pence, or any smaller Sum, so as the Fund in the Trea-liirer's Hands shall not exceed three hundred Pounds, nor be reduced to less man one hundred Pounds, and so as the same shall not exceed the Rate, Proportion, or Sum of eleven Pence per Shilling herein-before directed to be deducted and retained as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Penalties or Forfeitures are laiJ or im-poled, or authorised to be levied and recovered, and also where any Punishments are directed to be infiicled

*75

Upon Death of

Ififpe&ers, others to be appointed*

PunifTirnent of Inspectors fereening Offenders from Justice,

Fund to be established for defraying the Expences of this

Treasurer to re» pay the Charges of the Act out of the Money to be received.

The Rate of fix

Pence in the Shilling may l c increased or reduced.

Recovery of Pearlies*

176 C. 56. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

by virtue of this Act (except only where the Manner of infliding any such Punishment is by this Act particularly directed) the several Penalties and Forfeitures shall be levied and recovered, and Punishments in-flided, by such and the like Ways and Means, and in such and the like Manner, as any Penalties or Forfeitures can or may be levied and recovered, or any Punishment inflicted, by virtue of the said former Acts made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the fourteenth and fifteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any of them, for Offences committed against the said recited Acts, or any of them; and that the Money arising from such Penalties and Forfeitures (except such as are hereby directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer to be appointed by the said Committee by virtue of this Act, and shall be applied to and for the Purposes of this Act.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Distress of the Goods and Chattels of any Person shall be made for any Penalty incurred for reeling or causing to be reeled, or spinning or causing to be spun, any Worsted Yarn, contrary to the Directions before specified and laid down for the spinning and reeling of such Yarn; but that every such Person shall, in case he or she shall not immediately after Conviction of such Offence pay the Penalty to which he or she shall become subject or liable by virtue of the said former Acts, or any of them, or of this Act, and the Costs and Charges attending such Conviction, be committed to Prison by the JuiHce or Justices of the Peace before whom he or she shall be convicted, for any Term not exceeding one Calendar Month, or until such Penalty, and the Costs and Charges of such Conviction, and of conveying him or her to Prison, shall be paid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid shall cause the Conviction to be made out in Manner and Form following; (that is to say,)

BE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

14 L* ji, B, is convicted before me, [or us] of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace

46 for [Spcc\fying the Offence* and the Place where the same was committed.] Given under

my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals,] the Day and Year aforesaid."

No Distress to be made for Penalty for false or short reeling, he.

IF >rm of Con-vj&ion.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sc/fcon*.

Protifo.

limitation of Aftiuns,

Central issue.

Treble Cod*. Ptibliclc Act.

Which Conviction the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be fairly written on Parchment, and returned to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or Place where such Conviction shall be made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, and remain and be kept amongst the Records of such Sessions.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall find him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Warrant made by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or upon any Conviction before him or them, in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, City, Town, or Place, where the Cause of Appeal shall arise, which shall be held within fourteen Days after the Cause of Appeal shall arise, giving ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons on whose Evidence the Order, Warrant, or Conviction was made, and giving Security, to the Satisfaction of any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, to prosecute such Appeal with Efted, and to pay the Costs which shall be ascertained by the said Quarter Sessions, in case the Order or Judgement be affirmed; and the Justices in the said Quarter Sessions are hereby authorised to hear and determine such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just, which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removable by any Writ of Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

XXIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Order or other Proceedings, so made or had by or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace in relation to the Premises, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Suit or Action shall be ' commenced within six Calendar Months next alter the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be severally laid, brought, and tried in the County or Place wherein the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Suit or Action shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Suit or Action shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or difeon-tipue his, her, or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant hath for Costs in other Cases at Law

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken tobeaPublick Ad; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

l77

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 57 - 67.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for building and maintaining a Bridewell and Correction-house, in and for the City and County of Edinburgh.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers, within the Liberty of -lamshire in the County of York, and within fix Miles of the said Liberty, and of their Journeymen and Apprentices.

CAP. LIX.

An Avftf for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of,

in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River, neat to the City of

CAP. LX.

An Act for building a Bridge, near the Ferry over the River Ouze, from, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of in the Last Riding of the said County.

CAP. LXL

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, widening, regulating, and improving, a certain Street called The Upper Ground Street, in the Parish of Chr Church in the county of , and certain other

Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the said Parish; and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and for (hutting up Part of an Alley or Passage leading from Bull Alley to Marygold Court.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the King's Town of in the County of Kent; for removing

and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for better supplying the said Town with Water} and for repairing the Highways within the Parish of Maidstone.

CAP. LXIII.

- An Act for repealing an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for paving of the City of Chichester, and for the better paving, repairing, and cleansing, the Streets, Lanes, and publick Ways and Passages within the Walls of the said City, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for repairing, paving, and cleansing the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, within the Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between the Loughborough Canal and the Town of Leicester, and for making and maintaining a Communication by Railways or Stone Roads, and Water Levels, from several Places and Mines to the said Loughborough Canal, and for continuing the same, by passing along the said Canal to the said Navigable Communication, all in the County of Leicester.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to enable the Earl of Egremont to make and maintain the River Rather navigable from the Town of Midhurst to a certain Meadow called The Railed Pieces or Stopham Meadow, in the Parish of Stopham, and a Navigable Cut from the said River to the River at or near Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex, and for other Purposes.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation to borrow a further Sum of Money to compleat the said Navigation.

31 Geo. III.

C. 68 - 79. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Manchester to or near Prejlo-lee Bridge, in the Township of Little Lever, and from thence, by one Branch, to or near the Town of Bolton, and by another Branch to or near the Town of Bury, and to Wedel Brook, in the Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kington, in the County of Hereford, by or through Leominster, to join the River Severn near Stourport Bridge, in the County of Worcester.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for lighting, cleansing, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other Publick Passages and Places within the Township of Stourbridge, in the Parish of Old Swinford, in the County of Worcester, and for removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of All Saints, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for purchasing Land for the Purpose of a Church Yard for the Use of the said Parish.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Loes and Wilford, in the County of Suffolk.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Saffron Walden, in the County of Essex

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for building a new Church in the Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for providing a proper Burial Ground, and making Provision for a Minister to officiate in the said Church.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Chad, in the Town of Shrewsbury, and County of Salop; and for providing a new Cemetery or Burial Ground\ and making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church and Cemetery; and for raising a further Sum of Money for fully effecting the general Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse, between Newhaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the County of Sussex, and for the better draining of the Low Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the said County.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for making navigable the Rivers Wreak and Eye, from the Junction of the said River Wreak with the intended Navigation from Loughborough to Leicester, at or near a certain Place called Turnwater Meadow, in the Lordship of Cojfington, to Mill Cloje Homestead, in the Parish of Meltan Mowbray, all in the County of Leicester.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes of Ellesmere, Middle, Bafchurch, and Horsley, and to the Chapelry or District ot Hadnal (otherwise Hadnal Ease) in the County of Salop.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester* and for better supplying the said Town with Water.

179

A.D. 179*. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 80 - 84.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for paving the Footways of certain Streets within the City of Lincoln; for cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Streets, and other Streets, Lanes, and Publick Passages and Places, within the Lid City* and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein.

CAP. LXXXL

An Act for embanking and draining certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Parishes of Chatteris and Dodington, and Hamlet of Wimblington, in the said Parish of Dodington, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Hamlet of Wimblington.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to continue two Acts made in the fifteenth and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterlings upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kirkaldy and Liberties thereof.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for repairing, enlarging, and preferring the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from Stanes to Egham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS *y an Act of Parliament, made in the first Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act concerning the Bridge fl/'Stanes, the Chancellor of England for the Time being, 1 Hen. 3. c.

or the Keeper of the King's Great Seal, and their Successors, were authorised and empowered to depute and assign two, three, or four Persons of the Town and Parish of Stanes, to take and receive Toll and Cuf- tom as before that Time had been used to be paid, as well for Carts and Horses laden with Merchandise and other Stuff carried over and upon the same Bridge; as of Barges coming underneath the same Bridge; and to employ the said Tolls for repairing and making the said Bridge, and also the causeway extending from the said Town of Stanes to the Town of Egham in the County of Surrey, and to render a yearly

Account thereof to the said Chancellor or Keeper for the Time being, or before such Persons as either of them should depute and assign: And whereas by another Act, made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign

of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the better Maintenance and well-keeping of Stanes Bridge and 39 Ella.

Egham causeway, being the Highway from London unto the West Parts of England, it was enacted,

That the Chancellor of England for the Time being, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, and their Successors, should have the Deputation and Assignment of four Men, whereof two to be of the Town and Parish of Stanes aforesaid, and the other two to be of the Town and Parish of Egham aforesaid; and the Lid four to take and receive by themselves, or their sufficient Deputy or Deputies, the Toll and Custom as before that Time ought or had been used to be paid, and to employ the same upon the Reparation and Making of the said Bridge and causeway, and thereof yearly to yield Account to the said Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal for the Time being, or before such Persons as he should depute and assign, between the Feasts of Saint Michael the Archangel and All Saints; and if by Default of the four Persons aforesaid, or any of them, in not gathering or not well-employing the said Toll, the said Bridgeand causeway, or eitherof them,

should not be sufficiently kept and maintained, the Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal had Power to inflict a Penalty upon them, or any of them in whom such Default should be found as aforesaid, not exceeding ten Pounds, the same to be levied by Distress by such Person or Persons as should be nominated by i the said Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal, and to be employed for maintaining the said Bridge and causeway: And whereas by another Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Maintenance and well-keeping of Stanes Bridge mgco 2 c 2?

and Egham causeway, being the Highway from London to the West Parts of England, it is enacted, That 5* 4 certain Persons, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner therein mentioned, should, under the Controul of, and subject to such Orders for the due Execution of the said Act as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal, for the Time being, should from Time to Time think fit to make, and which they were thereby authorised to make, have Power and Authority to take upon themselves the full and absolute Care, Management, and Direction of the Repairs, Sup- port, and Maintenance of the Bridge of Stanes and Egham causeway, as Commissioners for that Purpose:

And whereas the said Bridge is narrow and incommodious, and so greatly decayed, that in the Opinion of able and experienced Workmen, it ought to be taken down, and a new Bridge built near the present Bridge;

C. 85 - 89. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

but by an Estimate made of the Expence thereof, it appears that the Toils now payable for passing over and

under the present Bridge will not be sufficient to defray the Expence of erecting a safe and commodious Bridge, and to discharge the Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said Tolls and Duties; and therefore it is necessary to make some other Provisions for the same, which cannot be done without the Aid

of Parliament :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; £sV.

Certain Persons appointed Commissioners for building a New Bridge. Upon the Death or Removal of any of the Commissioners, the Lord Chancellor, &V. to appoint others. Road to be made over the Bridge. New Tolls to be collected. Tolls shall be taken for any Horses or Carriages belonging to the Royal Family, or for the Horses of any Soldiers on their March, or for any Carriages or Horses employed in conveying the Mails and Expresses under the Authority of the Poll Mailer General, or for any Horses employed in towing of such Barges up or down the River, as have paid the Duties by this Act imposed, or in returning back. 44 No Toll to be paid on the Day of Election for Surrey or Middlesex. Inhabitants of Stanes or Eghant not liable to Payment of Toll. Toll over the Bridge to be paid but once a Day. Money to be raised by the Act vested in the Commissioners. Commissioners may erect Turnpike and Toll House on the Bridge, and appoint Collectors. Tolls may be deftrained for upon Refusal of Payment. Penalty of ten Shillings on disposing of Tickets to evade the Tolls. Tolls may be leased. New Bridge not to be rated higher to the Land Tax, &V. than the present Bridge. A Ferry to be provided when the Bridge is rebuilding or repairing. Tolls at the Ferry to be the same as at the Bridge. Money may be borrowed on Bond or otherwise. Money may be advanced for Annuities on Lives. Money to be raised, not to exceed 12,000l. 44 Annuities charged on the Tolls. Annuities may be assigned. Expences of the Act to be defrayed out of the first Money advanced, and the Remainder of the Money to be applied in building the New Bridge, lAc. *4 Treasurer to be appointed, who is to give Security. Commissioners may contract for building the Bridge and keeping the same in Repair; and may purchase Messuages and Grounds for building the Bridge* 44 Surveyors may dig for Gravel and other Materials for building the Bridge out of Wastes, or out of private Grounds, making Satisfaction for the same. Notice to be given to the Occupiers of Lands before Ma- terials are taken Tor building or repairing die Bridge. Messuages and Lands belonging to incapacitated Persons may be purchased for the Purposes of the Act. In case of Refusal to treat, to be settled by a Jury. 44 Purchases and Damages to be paid for out of the Tolls or Money advanced. Monies belonging to Corporations and other incapacitated Persons to be reinvested. Persons destroying or damaging the Bridge to be punished- Masters of Vessels made answerable for Damage done to the Bridge by their Crews. Lord Chancellor, £i?r. to direct how the Surplus of the Tolls, if any, shall be disposed of Lord Chancellor to make Orders on Matters brought before him. Bridge Mailers to account to the Commissioners for Money in their Hands. Materials of the Old Bridge to be disposed of when New Bridge is built. 44 Commissioners to pay Money already due for the Repair of the present Bridge. Rights of the City of London preserved. Former Acts repealed. Limitation of Actions. General Issue. Double Costs* 44 Publick Act."

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for making and maintaining a Canal,' or Navigable Communication, from or near a certain Place called Abernant, in the County of Glamorgan, to and through a certain Place called The Brickfield, near Melincrythan Pill> into the River of Neath, near the Town of Neath, in the said County.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for enlarging and extending the Powers of the present Prescriptive Market within the Town and Borough of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, and removing the same to a more convenient Place within the said Town and Borough, or within the Precinct of the Castle of Lewes aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for the better Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the Parish of Sunderland\ near the Sea, in the County Palatine of Durham»

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Deey and certain Lords of Manors, and other Persons intitled to Right of Common upon the Wastes and Commons, and the old common Salt Marshes* lying on the South Side of the said River, below, or to the North-eall of Greenfield Gate, in the County of Flinty and an Award made in Consequence thereof.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the City of Hereford to the City of Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the same to the Town of Nezveni, in the County of Gloucester.

11 CAP.

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 90 - 93.

181

CAP. XC.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, Finjlury Squaret in the Parish of Sa'mt Luke in the County of Middlesex, and Part of the Manor of Finsbury, and certain other Streets and Places communicating with, or near to, the said Square, and for preventing or removing Nuisances and Annoyances within the same.

CAP. XCI.

An Act for draining and dividing a certain Moor, or Trail of Waste Land* called King's Sedgtnoor^ in the County of Somerset

CAP. XCII.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain large open Tract of Land within the Manor of Holy Island, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon the ancient Infield Lands within the said Island.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Ground, Half Year's Land, Common Fens, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Anwick, in the County of Lincoln, and for embanking and draining the said Common Fens, and certain inclosed Low Lands adjoining thereto, called The Prate Grounds^ in or near the Township of North Kyme, in the said County,

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. tricesimo secundo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster^ the twenty-fifth Day of November, Ann9

ZA Domini one thousand seven hundred and niuety, in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of our jL Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the thirty-first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety^two; being the second Session of the seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain/

CAP. I.

An Act to extend the Provisions of certain Acts of Parliament made to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in th#e eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, <An Act to explain and amend an Ady made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to u regulate the Trials of Controverted Electiojis, or Returns of 'Members to serve in Parliament it is enacted, That, on the Day appointed by the House of Commons for taking into Consideration any Petition complaining of an undue Election, or Return of any Member to serve in Parliament, the House shall not pro- ceed to any other Bufinefe whatsoever, except the swearing of Members, previous to the reading the Order of the Day for that Purpose: And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Ekdionsy or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, it is enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the House, previous to the reading such Order, to proceed to such other Bullness as in the said Act is particularly specified: And whereas it is of Importance, that the like Power should be extended to the several Cases Tierein-after mentioned ;* be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That on the Day appointed by the House for taking into Consideration any Petition complaining of an undue Election, or Return of any Member to serve in Parliament, or the Petition of any Person or Persons desiring to oppose any Right of Election, or the Right of chusing, nominating, or appointing any Returning Officer or Returning Officers, which shall have been deemed valid by the Determination of any Select Committee, jt shall and may be lawful for the House, previous to the reading the Order or Orders for taking any such Petition or Petitions into Consideration, to receive any Message or Messages from the Lords; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the House, on the Days appointed for the Trial of any Articles of Impeachment exhibited or to be exhibited by the Commons before the Lords in Parliament, previous to the reading any such Order or Orders as aforesaid, to proceed to any Business that may be necessary for the Purpose of carrying on the Prosecution of such Impeachment.

pointed for Trial of Articki of Impeachment, Business neceflVy for carrying on the Prosecution may in like Mann«

32 Geo. III. B.b CAP.

[Preamble.]

11 Geo. 3. c. 4*.

and 1$ Geo. 3. c. 52. recited.

On Days appointed by the 'Commons for taking Petitions into Consideration, Messages from the Lord* may be received previous to read* ing the Order of the Day 5 and on Days ap-te proceeded on.

184.

[Preamble.]

6 Geo. 3. c. 38* recited.

From April 5, 1792, no Dwelling-hous* containing left than seven Window* chargeable with the Duty imposed by the re* cited Ad*

But net to extend to Apart-Ynenta in Inni of Court, Ac*

[Preamble.]

07 Geo. 3. e»i3« tecited.

C. 2 - 7. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

c A p. II.

An Act to repeal the Duties on Certain inhabited Houses containing left than Seven Windows, or Lights, granted by an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An A fit for repealing the several Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for granting tohisMa-

jfiy other Ditties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, it was among other Things enacted, That there ftould

be charged, raised, levied, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, several Rates and Duties upon

Houses therein-after mentioned; that is to say, for every Dwelling House inhabited, which thin was or

thereafter should be erected within that Part of Great Britain called England, the yearly Sum of three

Shillings; and for every Dwelling-house inhabited, which then was or hereafter should be erected within

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the yearly Sum of one Shilling May it please your Majesty

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, no Dwelling-house inhabited throughout Great Britain, which shall not contain more than fix

Windows or Lights, shall be charged or chargeable with the said respective Rates and Duties of three Shillings, and one Shilling, but shall be wholly freed, exempted, and discharged therefrom; and that then, and from thenceforth, all the Powers and Authorities given and granted by the said recited Act, or any other kSi of Parliament, in relation to the said recited Rates and Duties, shall be no longer used, applied, or put in Execution, with respect to such Dwelling-houses inhabited within Great Britain which mail not contain seven Windows or Lights, but shall in that Respect cease and determine; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering of any Arrears which may at that Time remain unpaid of the said Rates and Duties, and to the accounting for the tame, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon or at any Time before the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be cortftrued to extend, to exempt from the Payment of the said recited Duties, any Edifice in any of the Inns of Court or Chancery, or any Chamber or Apartment in any College or Hall in any of the Universnies of Great Britain, by reason of such Edifice, Chamber, or Apartment, separately containing less than seven Windows or Lights, but that the same shall be charged as before the malting of this Act; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. HL

' An Act for repealing the Duties on JFemale Servants.

From April 5,179*, the Duties on Female Servants, granted by 25 Geo. 3. c. 42. to cease."

CAP. IV.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Waggons. Wains, Carts, and other Carriages, granted by an Act of th* twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

* From April 5, 1792, the Duties imposed by 23 Geo. 3. c. 66. to cease."

CAP. V.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

[41. J

CAP. VI.

An Act for repealing the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his additional Duties upon Malt.

CAP. VII.

An Act for repealing a certain Part of the Duty upon all Candles (except Wax and

Spermaceti Candles).

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty^ intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of and and granting other Duties

in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Revenue;

‘ for permitting the Importation cfcertain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, the Produce of the European Dominions of the F rench King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Alomes, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on, to the of the National Debt

5 ‘aCertain

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 7

a certain Duty of Excise of one Penny Halfpenny is imposed for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois c of Candles of Tallow, and other Candles whatsoever, (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles,) made in Great Britain, and a certain Drawback of Excise is granted of one Penny Halfpenny for every Pound c Weight Avoirdupois of such Candles (except as aforesaid) exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts p May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, one Halfpenny of the said Duty and Drawback respectively for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of such Candles, shall be repealed, cease, and determine; and that then and from thenceforth the several Powers and Authorities given by any Act or Acts of Parliament, as far as relates to the levying, collecting, and paying so much of the fakl Duty and Drawback, shall qeafe and determine; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto jespectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid to every Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, in Great Britain, for every Pound Weight of Candles, (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles,) as shall be in the Stock, Custody, or Possession*, of any such Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, on the twenty-sixth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, for which the said Duties shall have been paid or charged, an Allowance of one Halfpenny.

III. Provided always nevertheless, That no Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, shall have or be entitled to any such Allowance, unless he, she, or they, shall, before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, give or leave a Notice and Declaration in Writing at the Chief Office of Excise in London, if such Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, shall reside within the Limits thereof, or to or with the proper Officer of Excise in other Parts of Great Britain, expressing his, her, or their Name and Place of Abode, and the Quantity of such Candles which he, she, or they shall have in his, her, or their Stock, Custody, and Possession, and for which he, she, or they intend to claim the Allowance given or granted by this Act, and of the particular House, Melting-house, Workhouse, Ware-house, Storehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place, where such Candles for or in respect of which he, she, or they claim such Allowance shall be kept or deposited, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Officer and Officers of Excise, at his and their free Will and Pleasure, at any Time or Times between the Houis of Five in the Morning and Seven in the Evening, of the said twenty-sixth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, to enter and go into every House, Storehouse, Shop, Room, Workhouse, Warehouse or other Place where any such Candles, for or in respect of which any such Allowance shall be claimed, shall be kept or deposited, and to take a true and particular Account, and ascertain the exact Quantity thereof; and if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall find a less Quantity of such Candles, than the Quantity which such Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, shall have specified in such his, her, or their Notice or Declaration, every such Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, shall forfeit and lose all Right, Title, and Claim to any Allowance which he, she, or they might otherwise have been entitled to under or by virtue of this Act; and if any Person or Persons whatever shall prevent or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise from entering or going into any such House, Workhouse, Ware-house, Storehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place, or from taking such Account, or ascertaining the Quantity of any such Candles as aforesaid, or shall obstruct or hinder any such Officer or Officers in the taking of such Account, or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities to him or them given or granted by this Act, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, shall, and he, she, and they respectively are hereby required to provide Sufficient and just Scales and Weights at all and singular the Houses, Workhouses, Warehouses, Storehouses, Shops, Rooms, or other Places where he, she, or they shall or do keep any such Candles, for or in respect whereof any such Allowance shall be claimed, and permit and suffer the Officer or Officers of Excise to make use thereof for the Purpose of weighing and taking an Account of such Candles, and shall also assist such Officer or Officers of Excise in uiing such Scales and Weights for the Purpose aforesaid; and if any such Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, shall neglect or refuse to keep such Scales and Weights, or either of them, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to make use of the same as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to assist any such Officer or Officers of Excise in making use of the same as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and if any such Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, shall, in the weighing of any such Candles, make use of, cr cause or procure or suffer to be made use of, any false, unjust, or insufficient Scales or Weights, or shall practise any Art, Device, or Contrivance, by which any such Officer or Officers may be hindered or prevented from taking the just and true Weight of any such Candles, then, and in every such Case, such Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, together with all such false, unjust, or insufficient Scales and Weights respectively, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

From March 25, 179*> q* Per lb. on Candles $>f the Dusy imposed, and of the Drawback allowed, by the recited Act, to cease.

t q. per lb. on

Candles to be allowed for Stock on March 26, »79l.

Dot no such Allowance to be made, unless Notice be given before March 25, 1792,of the Quantity, &c.

Excise Officer?, between Five in the Morning add Seven in the Evening of March 26, may take an Account of Slock, and if found less than contained in the Notice, the Dealer to forfeit the Allowance. Penalty of 50). for obstructing Officers.

Dealers not providing jnfl Scales and Weights for the Use of the Officers, Scc. t9 forfeit 501.

and using any Art to deceive them in taking Weight to forfeit ool ami the Scales and Weight!-

i86

Officers to give n- the Party intitled to the Allowance a Ceiti-ficate of the Ainouat, &c.

Such Crnificaiei

hei ng produced after fix Week* a^d before thiee Month* from she Time of their being granted, and Oath being f made to the Particular* herein specified, the Allowance to be paid by the Commissioners or Collectorsi

Person* faking false Oaths liable lo the Penalties for Perjury. Person* Counterfeiting, &c.' Certificate* to forfeit 5001.

How Penaltie* may be Cued lor, and how to be applied*

All Laws relative to the Excise to extend to this Act,

[Preamble.]

C. 7, 8. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the proper Supervisor or Surveyor of Excite, or the Officer of Excise who shall have taken such Account and ascertained the Quantity of such Candles in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, shall, with all convenient Speed, and without Fee or Reward, grant and give to the Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, intitled to the Allowance for or in respect of such Candles, a Certificate, expressing the Quantity of such Candles, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons intitled to the Allowance for or in respect thereof, and whether he, she, or they is or are Tallow Chandlers, or Sellers of or Dealers in Candles, and the Amount of the Allowance for or in respect of such Candles.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Certificate being produced by such Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, to the Commissioners of Excise, for such Candles as shall be taken an Account of under or by virtue of this Act, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or the Person appointed by them, or the major Part of them, to receive the same, or to the Collector of Excise of the Collection in which any such Certificate shall be granted in other Parts of Great Britain, at any Time after the End and Expiration of six Weeks, and before the End and Expiration of three Months from the Time of the granting thereof, and Oath having been made by such Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, before any of the said Commissioners of Excise, or the Person appointed by the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, for that Purpose, or before such Collector, or before the Supervisor of the Division or District in which such Tallow Chandler, or Seller of or Dealer in Candles, shall reside, (which Oath the said Commissioners, and Person appointed by them, and the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise, are respectively hereby authorised and impowered to administer,) that the said Candles, specified in any such Certificate, and for which any such Allowance is or shall be claimed, were the sole Property of such Tallow Chandler, or Seller of or Dealer in Candles, and actually in his, her, or their Custody or Possession on the said twenty-sixth Day of March onelhousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and that the Allowance granted by this Act has not, with his, her, or their Privity or Consent, nor to his, her, or their Knowledge or Belief, been claimed foe the Candles specified in such Certificate, or for any Part thereof, by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, and that he, she, or they hath or have no Reason to believe but that the proper Duties have been paid or charged for or in respect of the said Candles; and thereupon the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, or such Collector as aforesaid, being satisfied of the Truth of such Oath, shall forthwith, out of the Money in his or their Hands respectively arising from the Duties hereby in Part repealed, pay to the Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, intitled to the same, the Allowance specified in such Certificate.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath, in any of the Cases in which an Oath is required to be taken by this Act, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Certificate by this Act required or directed, or shall knowingly or willingly give any false or untrue Certificate, or shall fraudulently alter or erase, or cause to be fraudulently altered or erased, any Certificate granted by any Officer or Officers of Excise, or shall make use of any Certificate, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, false,' untrue, altered, or erased, every such Person or Persons shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed or created by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards ani Liveries, and Tenures inCapite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu there f or by any other Law now in Force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution in and for the Purposes of this Act*, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this pre-font Act.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise by

Common Brewers.

WHEREAS the Provisions already made by Law are not Efficient to deter Common Brewers from selling Beer, Ale, or Worts, in Id's Quantity than a whole Calk, containing (our Gallons and an Hair*;' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and (Jon-font of the Lords Spiritual and TemporJ, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 9, 10. 187

Authority of the same, That no Common Brewer shall fell Beer, Ale, or Worts, in any less Quantity than in a whole Cask, containing four Gallons and an Half, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence; to be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by virtue of any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

CAP. IX.

No Common Brewer to sell Beer in less Quantity than a whole Calk containing Gallons and an -J,on Penalty A 50 1. How Penalties shall be applied.

An Act for repealing, certain Regulations with respect to Certificates on exporting Tea to Ireland or America.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Preamble, George the Second, for permitting Tea to be exported to Ireland, and his Majesty's Plantations in America, without paying the Inland Duties, the Proprietor or Proprietors of Tea, imported into the Kingdom of Great B?dtain from Foreign Parts, and afterwards exported to the Kingdom of Irela7id> or to his Majesty's Plantations in America, according to the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions mentioned in that Act, or the Person or Persons appointed by such Proprietor or Proprietors to make Entry thereof, are re- quired, in Manner therein mentioned, to produce to the Warehouse-keeper or Warehouse-keepers, mentioned in the said Act, a Certificate under the Hands of the Commissioners of Inland Duties upon Tea, or any three of them, that such Security for Exportation hath been given as therein is mentioned; and which Certificate or Certificates the said Commissioners are by the said Act required to give accordingly: And whereas the requiring such Certificate or Certificates can answer no good Purpose, and it is therefore expedient that no such Certificate should in future be granted or required;' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, no such Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons, shall be required to produce any such Certificate, nor shall any such Certificate, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, be granted under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any of them; and from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, such Warehouse-keeper or Warehouse-keepers shall deliver out of such Warehouse or Warehouses to such Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons for Exportation, such Tea as is by the said Act authorised to be exported, subject and according to all and singular the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions (other than and except the Production of such Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid) contained in the said Act, or any other Act of Parliament in force relating thereto.

21 Geo. 2. c. 14. recited.

From July 5, 1792, the Certificates required by the recited Act, no longer to be produced.

CAP. X.

An Act for the better Execution of certain Warrants issued for the apprehending and committing Persons convicted of Offences against the Excise Laws.

WHEREAS many Persons, chargeable with the Duties of Excise, or incurring Penalties under the Laws relating to the said Duties, do frequently avoid being taken in Execution after Conviction for the same, by removing out of the Jurisdiction where they were convicted, to the great Prejudice of the Revenue be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, in case any Person, against whom any Warrant of Commitment in Execution, commonly called A Body Warranty shall be issued by any three or more of the Commissioners of Excise in England, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place within Great Britain, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the Duties of Excise, shall escape, go into, reside, or be in any other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, or Justice or Justices granting such Warrant as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the said Commissioners of Excise in England, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, in Great Britain, where such Person shall escape, go into, reside, or be; and such Commissioners of Excise, and Justice or Justices respectively, is and are hereby required, upon Proof being made upon Oath of the Hand Writing of the Commissioners of Excise, or Justice or Justices respectively granting such Warrant, to indorse his or their Name or Names on such Warrant, which shall be a sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons bringing such Warrant, and to all other Persons to whom such Warrant was originally directed, to execute such Warrant in such other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of Excise, or Justice or Justices respectively granting such Warrant as aforesaid, and to carry and convey such Offender or Offenders before the Commissioners of Excise, or Justice or Justices who indoried such Warrant, or some other Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place where such Warrant was indorsed, who 3 are

[Preamble.]

From July 5, 1792,if any Person aea:nft whom a Body Warrant is granted, shall remove out of the JurisdkVion where convitfed, it may be in-df rfed by the Commissioners of Excise, or any Justice of the Peace of the Place where the Offender shall be, &c.

i88

No AiHon to be hr ought agjtnlt any Person who shall indorse such Warrant.

[Preamble.]

]/) Geo. j* c. 56. recited.

A-ucVioneer* giving Notice of bates agreeable to the recited A6*, (halt, within the Times herein specified, deliver Declarations on Oath, wnetherthe Sales took place, &ic«

50I, Penalty for every Neglect«

Application of Penalties

C. 11, 12. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

are reflectively hereby authorized and impowered, by Indorsement upon such Warrant, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, or Place where such Warrant shall be executed, according to the Lx'gcncy of such Warrant, there to remain until delivered by due Course of Law.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action of Trespass, false Imprison-tr.cnt, Information, or Indictment, or other Prosecution, shall be brought, sued, commenced, or prosecuted, by any Person or Persons whatever against any such Commissioner or Commissioners of Excise, or Justice or Justices who shall indorse such Warrant, for or by reason or his or their indorl'ing such Warrant: Provided nevertheless, That such Person or Persons shall be at Liberty to bring or prosecute his or their Action or Suit against the Commissioners of Excise, or Justice or Justices who originally granted such Warrant, in the same Manner as such Person or Persons might nave done in case this Act had not been made.

CAP. XI.

An Act to compel Auctioneers to declare whether Sales have been held under the Notices now required to be given by Law.

WHEREAS, by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, every Auctioneer is required, before he begins any Sale by way of Auction, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, in Manner in the said Act preferred, a Notice in Writing, signed by such Auctioneer, specifying the particular Day when such Sale by Auction is to begin, and also a written or printed Catalogue attelled

and signed by such Auctioneer, or his known Clerk: And whereas it is expedient that every Auctioneer

delivering such Notice or Catalogue should be obliged to make it appear whether any Sale by way of Auction was opened or begun, or any Article, Lot, Parcel, or Thing, was bid for or sold under such Notice or

Catalogue be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Auctioneer who shall have delivered, or caused to be delivered, any such Notice or Catalogue for a Sale by Auction, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in, or the Person who acted as his Clerk at such Sale, or intended Sale, shall, within twenty-eight Days after the Day specified in such Notice as the particular Day when such Sale by Auction was to be made, deliver, or cause to be delivered, at the Chief Office of Excise in London, to the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the Commissioners of Excise to receive the same, a Declaration, in Writing, letting forth whether or not any Sale by way of Auction had been or was opened or begun under such Notice, or any Article, Lot, Parcel, or Thing contained in such Catalogue was bid for or (old at such Auction; and such Auctioneer, or Person acting as his Clerk, as aforesaid, shall make Oath to the Truth of such Declaration before the Commissioners of Excise, or one of them, or before such Person as the Commissioners of Excise flull' appoint to administer the same j which Oath the said Commissioners of Excise, or one of them, or other Person so to be appointed as aforesaid, is and are hereby authorised and impowered to administer; and that every Auctioneer who shall have delivered, or caused to oe delivered, any such Notice or Catalogue for a Sale by Auction, in any Part of Great Britain, not within the Limits of the said Chief Office, or the Person who acted as h* Clerk at such Sale, or intended Sale, shall, within six Weeks after the Day specified in such Notice as the particular Day when such Sale by Auction was to be made, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Collector of Excise in whose Collection such Sale has been or was intended to be, a like Declaration in Writing, in Manner as is herein-before required with respect to Persons felling by Auction within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, to be verified in like Manner, on Pain that every Auctioneer shall, for every Neglect or Refusal of delivering such Declaration, verified in the Manner herein-before prescribed, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by virtue of any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; fend that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

CAP. XII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

400,000l. to be paid out of the present Yeaps Supply to the Bank, fend placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and applied in the Purchase of Redeemable Annuities. Dividends on Annuities so redeemed to be paid to the Bank, and applied by the Commissioners in the Manner prescribed by *6 Geo. 3. c. 31."

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 13, 14. 189

CAP. XIII.

An Act to enable his Majesty to make Provision for the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of York and Albany; and also to settle an Annuity on her Royal Highness during the Time of her natural Life, to commence from the Decease of his Laid Royal Highness, in case her said Royal Highness shall survive him.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, being desirous of enabling your Majesty, as well to make a suitable Provision for the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the JDuke and Duchess of York and Albany, as to carry into Effect the Treaty entered into between your Majesty and the King of Prussia upon the Marriage of their said Royal Highnesses, respecting the Settlement to be made upon her said Royal Highness in case she should survive his said Royal Highness the Duke; do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted,'

His Majesty may grant to the Duke and Duchess of York, Annuities not exceeding j8,ooool. to commence from July 5, 1791; and an Annuity of 8,ooool. to the Duchess, to commence from the Decease of the Duke, and continue during her Royal Highness's Life. Annuities payable out of the Consolidated 4C 'Fuhd, and to be issued at the Exchequer free of all Charges, Rates, and Assessments."

CAP. XIV.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the 2 Geo. 3. c. 39. 4 United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States \) which said Act has been continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two: And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Attto extend the Powers of an All, made in the twenty‘third Year 24 Geo. 3. c. 4.5* 4 of his present Majesty, for giving his Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majestys Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned', the Powers given by the said recited Act were extended to the Trade and intercourse between this Kingdom and the British Colonies and Plantations in America, so far as the same might relate to Iron, Hemp, and Sail-cloth, and other Articles of the Produce of any Place bordering on the Baltic, which might be exported from this Kingdom; which laid last mentioned Act has also, by several subsequent Acts, been continued until the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so far only as the lame extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and also that the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign should be further continued May it therefore please your Majesty that it be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so far only as the same extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and that the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and all the Matters and Things therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and till the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

Geo. 3. c 49. to continue in force till April 5, 1793T

2 3 Geo. 3. c. 39, so far as relates to the Commerce between this Kingdom and the United States of America, and 24

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Iron, Hemp, Sail-cloth, or other Articles of the Produce of Articles from any Place, bordering on the Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this Kingdom, shall be exported afu p,ace bor-from hence in any other Manner than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall ^Vich

hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council; or if any Goods or Commodities whatever niay^e'exp^md* shall be imported from any of the Territories of the United States of America7 into any of the Ports of this from this King-Kingdom, other than such as by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by virtue dom, if ejpo.ted of this present Act, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, now are, or hereafter shall be permitted to be im- contrary to Law, ported; or if any Goods or Commodities shall be imported from the Territories of the said United States of ported from1 the America into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, in any other Manner whatever than such as is or shall be United State* ot

190 C. 54 - 21. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

Americ?, and nor permitted by Law, and also Goods imported from

allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, the same shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which fjch Goods or Commodities shall respectively be exported or imported, and all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel belonging thereto.

these States contrary to Law, to be foifeilr.d.

How Forfeitures are to be recovered and applied.

Act to continue in fore^iill

-Ap'*1 5> 1793

but may be repealed this Sef-11 on.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act shall and maybe sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, by such and the lHce Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof disposed of, paid, and applied, in such and the like Manner, and to (lien and the likeUfes and Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of Customs may now be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in the Places where respectively the Offence shall be committed; and that the Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, and applied in like Manner, in the said Places respectively; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and till the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Part thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XV.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

[3,500,000l.]

CAP. XVI.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

[2,000,000l.]

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. XX.

An Act for providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford*, and for regulating and employing the Poor therein.

pKirabtr.

5 Geo. 3. c. 43, 17 Geo 3 c. 52. and 24 Geo. 3. fciL 2. e, 48. leciteil.

From

1^92,the recited with relation so the Makers of hard Soap, so far as respe£U the Finding Wcoden Covers to Coppers, &rc to extend to all Soap-Makers.

CAP. XXL

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise with respect to the manufacturing of Soap.

C. 7" h K REAS by several Acts of Parliament, made in the fifth, seventeenth, and twenty-fourth Years of his present Majesty, certain Provisions were enacted for better securing the Duties on c Soap, of the Descriptions therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that the same should be extended to Soap of whatever Description be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, the said recited Acts, and every Clause, Matter, and T iling therein contained, with relation to the Makers of hard Soap, io far as the same extend to the finding, providing, or affixing, Wooden Covers to Coppers, Pans, or other Utensils, or to such Coppers, Pans, or other Utensils, and Covers being locked or sealed down, or to the Furnace Doors of their Coppers, Pans, or other Utensils being locked and fattened, or to the Covers* Furnace Doors, or Ash-holc Doors, of their Coppers, Pans, or other Utensils, being locked, fattened, and feaied down; or to the giving any Notice to the Officers of Excise to have the same respectively unlocked or opened, or to the paying for Locks, Keys, or Fastenings, provided by the Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise in pursuance of the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them; or to the imposing of any Penalty for the making of any hard Snap, or for the opening of any such Cover, Copper, Pan, Urenfil, Furnace Door, Ash-holc Door, or to the'breaking, damaging, or hurting any such Lock, Seal, ax Fattening; or for any other Offence relating to any of the find Provisions, committed contrary to the Paid

Acts,

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 21, 22. 191

Acts, or either of them, shall, and the same are hereby declared to extend to all and every Maker and Makers of Soap of what Kind or Quality soever, and shall be used, practised, applied, and put in Execution, against all and every Maker and Makers of Soap, as fully and effectually, as if the same were particularly and expressly enacted in the Body of this Act.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to continue and amend several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights \ and to amend the Laws now in force for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's freights.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Green- land Seas and Davis's Streights, certain Bounties were given for five Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, under various Regulations and Restrictions," to the Owners of every Ship or Vessel which should be employed in the said Fishery: And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further encou-

raging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland, and Southern JVhale Fisheries, further Regulations and Restrictions were made with respect to allowing the Bounties to the Owners of Vessels employed in the said Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights: And whereas the said fuss-recited 4 Ad, and so much of the last-recited Act as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and

Davis's Streights, has by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, been continued until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts should be continued in like Manner for a further Term be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and also so much of the said recited Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, shall be, and the same are hereby continued until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, except so far as the same are expressly varied or altered by this present Act.

[Preamble.]

2,6 Geo. 3. c. 4i9 and

29 Geo. 3.0 53# recited,

and the former Act, and so much of the la'.ter as relates to the Fisheries in the Greenland Seas

and Davis's Streights, continued to Dec, 25, 1798, except where altered by the present Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That instead and in lieu of the Bounty granted by the said recited Acts, the following Bounties or Premiums shall be paid and allowed; that is to say, A Bounty or Premium of twenty-five Shillings^ Ton for each and every Ship or Vessel, as shall proceed upon and return from the said Fishery, between the twenty - fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and the twenty-fifth Day of Dcce?nber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, having fully complied with all the Requisitions of the before recited Acts, as amended and continued by this Act; and a Bounty or Premium of twenty Shillings per Ton for each and every Ship or Vessel as shall proceed upon and return from the said Fishery, between the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, having fully complied with all the aforesaid Requisitions.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Ship or Vessel, having on Board one Apprentice for every fifty Tons Burthen,-every such Apprentice not exceeding the Age of twenty Years, nor being under twelve Years, at the Time he shall be indentured, shall be deemed properly fitted and qualified, with respect to the Number and Age of Apprentices, to proceed on the said Fishery to the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, and to be entitled to the respective Bounties granted by this Act.

Instead of the Bounties granted by the recited Acts, those herein specified to be allowed.

Every Vessel, having an Apprentice not exceeding 20 Year of Age, nor under 1 a, when in-dertured, for every 50 Tons Burthen, to be intitled to the Bounties*

IV.‘ And whereas Doubts have arisen whether, under the Provisions of the said first recited Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Whaie Fins, Oil or Blubber of Whales, Seal Oil, or Seal Skins, or any other Produce of Seals, or other Fish or Creatures, taken 01 caught in the said Green- land Seas or Davis's Streights, or in the Seas adjacent, by British Subjects usually refilling in Great Britain or Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Alan, in British Ships or Vessels, owned, registered, and navigated as required by Law, but not fitted out in other Respects under the Regulations re- quired by the said Act to entitle such Ships or Vessels to the Bounty therein given, will ha\e a Right to im- port the same into this Kingdom, without paying any Custom or other Duty To obviate which Doubts, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Whale Fins, Oil or Blubber of Whales, Seal Oil, or Seal Skins, or any other Produce of Seals, or other Fish or Creatures taken or caught in any Part of the Ocean by British Subjects, usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or the Islands of Gucrtly, ferfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, in Ships or Vessels built in either of the said Kingdoms or Islands, owned, registered, and navigated according to Law, shall and may be imported into Great Britain without paying any Custom or other Duty for the same, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; provided that Proof be made, that the said Articles were actually caught and taken by the Crew of the Vessel in which they are imported, 32 Geo. III. C c by

Any Produce of Creatine- caught in the Ocean by British Subjects, usually rffi 'ing in Great Britain, &c. may be imported Dutyfree, if the Re*

C. 42, 23. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

-fit, by Oath of J*; "ftb°f

SSffSL

ferlciJ every Day. and parocuUTl^Ae Times whei^Ihch Sh|p^or Ve^l &a^haj^e b^Mn^ht^f^aidjthf

any wBe, or other Creature living in.he Sea shall have been k 1 cd, taken or caught by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel; which Log Book, so to be kept as nave ncen k. icu, , s Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such

S o r V" atteT^ fe-SnS. Report of tool. Ship or Vessel. to the Cplleflor of the Customs attLLrtin ' Great Britain where such Ship or Vessel shall arrive, for his Mpeaion and Examination; and the said Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or \ ellel, toge-2r with the Mate thereof, shall, jointly and severally, verify on Oath the Contents of such Log Book before such Collector who is hereby authorised and required to admmiltcr the lame. -

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Harpooner, Line Manager, or Boat v Anu De u Kplont? to any Ship or Vessel in the Greenland t lflierv rade, although such Ship

ctTeQbl be not fitted out under foe Regulations of the said recited Acts to entitle such Ship or Vessel to the Bounty therein given, and whole Name (distingu.Qiing the Capacity in which the Person lo named is toad) ^ounty ti erem g \ hereby required to be delivered on 03th by the Owner of such Ship or Vessel

foJ h-Collkw of the Customs at the Port from which such Ship or Vessel is intended to proceed upon the salt f iflicrvUwhich Oath such Collector is hereby unpowered and required to admm.fter,) shall be.mpressed from the fid Service; and that any such Harpooner, Line Manager, or boat Steerer may, during the Time of t c Year that he or they are not employed in the said f ifhery, fa.l in the Colliery or Coasting rade, upon vimt Security, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs that he or they will proceed ,n the Sid Ship or Vessel to the Greenland Seas, or Da Straps, on the M'haleHfhery the next Season; and that every Seaman or common Mariner who, during the Continuance of this Act, shall be entered to >erve on Boa.d inv such Ship or Vessel which shall be so intended to proceed on the said Fishery whose iName shall be infened in a List to be delivered as aforesaid, and who shall have given Security to the Satisfaction of the Commissione rs of the Customs, to proceed, and shall proceed accordingly, shall be pr.v. eged and exempt from being impressed from or out of the said Service from the first Day of m each \ ear, until the

V ov\ve Home from thence shall be fully complete and ended, and no longer; any Law, Custo,n,or Usage, to the'eomrary notwithstanding: Provided always, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend,

f fmm heing imorciled any greater Number of Harpooners, Line Managers, and Lout Steerers,

and fa Boa. Steerc, s, and ightcao Seamc, or — Mating befongfog to each such Ship or Vessel of the Burthen of four hundred Tons, and so in Proportion lor any leis Tonnage.

No Harpooner9,

&c. btrlo.ig*ng 10 Si»ips in the Oieenland f ifhery, thouiji not fiatd cut so as to entitlethem to Bounties u rider the recited A£)s, shall be io prelfed, and mat, w hen not employed in the Fishery, fail in the Colliery Trade, &c.

Seamen entered for loch Ships, exerr pted from being impiefled from Feb. i yearly ro the End of the Voyage.

Protection from being impressed, to exiend only to the Numbers herein specified.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Boat used as and commonly called A Whale Boat, belonging to any Ship or Vessel employed in the said Fishery to the Greenland Seas, or Davis's Sfreights, or in the Fishery carried on in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, shall be liable to Seizure for or 011 Account of her Built, Dimensions, or Construction; provided, on the Return of such Ship or Vessel from the Fisheries at the End of every Season, such Boat shall be laid up by the Owner or Owners thereof, in such Place or Places as shall be approved of by the principal Officer of his Majesty's Customs of the Port at which such Ship or Vessel shall arrive, and shall not be employed or made use of in any Way whatever but i.i the said Fisheries.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Time for which any Apprentice shall have been indentured to lerve on Board any Ship or Vessel employed in the last mentioned Fisheries, or either of them, shall expire during the Voyage of such Ship or Vessel, such Apprentice shall be accounted and considered, to all Intents and Purposes, as an Apprentice for the whole Voyage, and shall, on the Ship's or Vessel's Return from the said Fisheries, or either of them, be mustered accordingly.

No Whale Boat belonging to Ships in the Greenland Fishery, &c. liable to Seizure, on Account ot her Construction, if employed in the Fishrry only.

Apprentices v/hofe Times may expire du» ring a Voyage, to be considered as such till the End of the Voyage,

No Per Ton to he

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be deemed a legal A p-a,enu.i a legal prentice, within the Intent and Meaning of this present Act, or of the said recited Acts, or either of them, Appremice, if except such Apprentices who have become such previous to the pamng of this Act, unless he shall be a oub-SSSSfiTrf jetT of his Majesty.

line At, un.efs a Subject of lus Majesty.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled An At! jor tr ranting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be in Great Britain, the Service the Tear one

thousatal seven hundred and ninety-one; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named

in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, granting an Aid lo his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, the Service of the Year one /even

hundred and ninety-two; and for indemnifying such Persons as have sidedI as Commissionere for executing the said Act, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, the Service of the Year one thousand /evenhundred and ninety-one.

*3 C A i.

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 24*—32

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, maJe in the twenty-sevench Year of his present Majesty, as relates to the Sale of the House in Privy Garden, heretofore used as an Office for the Commissioners of the Lottery j and to enable his Majesty to grant the said Premises.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments 5 and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to^ give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose; and for allowing further Time to such Persons as have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a.Lottery.

[812,500l.]

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for establishing a permanent Fund for the Relief and Support of Skippers and Keelmen employed in the Coal Trade on the River Wear, in the County of Durham, who by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families; and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for taking down the Church, Chancel, and Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, in Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and for rebuilding the same, and for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Parish.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for more effectually embanking, draining, and otherwise improving, the Island of Convey, in the County of Essex.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to revive and continue so much of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the Conveyance of Sheep between Cowes in the JJle of Wight, and the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth; and to extend the same to

Horses and Lambs; and to amend the said Act.

WHEREAS, by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, among other

« y, Things, _/irr allowing the Conveyance fnm the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, to the Port

of Cowes in the Isle of Wight, of Goods not liable to Duty on or prohibited to be exported, and of Sheep and Cattle between the said Ports, without Cocquets being taken or Bonds entered into for that Pur-

P°f*i it was enacted, That no Cocquet or Bond should be required for carrying or conveying Sheep

(provided the same be carried in open Boats or Hoys,) nor any other Kind of Cattle, (Horses and Lambs

excepted,) between the Port of Cowes in the Isle of Wight, and the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth

And whereas by another Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, amongst

-by

*9

Preimblc.

6 Geo. 3. c. 50# tad

i'94

28 Geo. 3. c. 38 recked,

From July 5,

1-92, recited <Act of 6 Geo. 3. so far as relates to the Ports of Cowe«, Southampton, and Portsmouth, revived,

Horses not exceeding fix in one Vessel, and any Number of Cattle (Sheep and Lambs excepted) may be convejed between Cowes and Southamp* ton and Portsmouth, without Sufferance, &c.

Officer of the Customs in the Hie of Wight to grant Suffer-aoces.

[Preamble.]

3 1 Geo. 2. C. 10, recited.

C. 32, 33. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

other Things, to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, several Laws now'in being for pre^ 4 venting the Exportation of Live Sheep, Lambs, and Rams, the said first recited Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was repealed in respect to the Conveyance of Sheep between Cowes and the Ports of Southampton zni Portsmouth: And whereas it is expedient that the said first recited Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same shall relate to the Ports of Cezves, Southampton, and Portsmouth respectively, should be revived and continued in force, and should extend to permit the Removal of Horses between the said Ports of Southampton, Portsmouth, and Cowes respectively, when not exceeding fix in Number in any one Vessel, and of any Number of all other Cattle, except Sheep and Lambs, without any Sufferance or other Custom-house Document whatever, and of Lambs without Cocquet or Bond, as well as Sheep, and to permit the Removal without Cocquet or Bond from the said Port of Cowes to the said Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth respectively, of any Kind of Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes which are not, or shall not be prohibited to be exported from Great Britain to foreign Parts, nor liable to any Custom or Duty to his Majesty on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain, and to permit and allow the Removal without Cocquet or Bond from the said Port of Cowes to the said Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, of any Kind of Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, subject or liable to Duty on the Importation thereof into Great Britain, provided the Duty of Custom on such Importation shall not exceed five Pounds for such Goods which are to be so carried or conveyed as aforesaid, and the same Goods so liable to Duty be carried or conveyed in one Vessel or Boat, at one and the same Time, belonging to the Inhabitants of the Ports of Cowes, Southampton, and Portsmouth respectively be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, so far as the same shall relate to the said Ports of Cowes, Southampton, and Portsmouth, be revived, and shall continue in full Force and Effect, the same as if the said recited Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, had not been made.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to carry or convey Horses, when not exceeding fix in Number in any one Vessel, and any Number of all other Cattle, (Sheep and Lambs excepted,) without obtaining any Sufferance or other Custom-houseDocument whatever, between the said Port of Cowes and the said Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, and also Lambs, without talcing out any Cocquet or Cocquets, or giving any Security by Bond, or otherwise, for the due landing the same; provided the same be carried in open Boats or'Hoys, in like Manner as Sheep are required to be carried by the said recited Act, made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign 3 and to carry and convey from the said Port of Cowes to the said Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, without taking out any Cocquet or Cocquets, or giving any Security by Bond, or otherwise, for the due landing the same, any Kind of Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, which are not or shall not be prohibited to be exported from Great Britain to foreign Parts, or which are not or shall not be liable to any Custom or Duty to his Majesty on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain, and to carry and convey, without taking out any Cocquet or Cocquets, or giving any Security by Bond, or otherwise, from the said Port of Cowes to the said Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, of any Kind of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, subject or liable to Duty on the Importation thereof into Great Britain; provided the Duty of Customs on such Importation shall not exceed five Pounds for such Goods which are to be so carried or conveyed as aforesaid, and the same Goods so liable to Duty be carried or conveyed in one Vessel or Boat at one and the same Time, belonging respectively to the Inhabitants of the Ports of Cowes, Southampton, and Portsmouth.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of the Customs residing in the Ife of Wight, near the Place where any Sheep or Lambs are to be so carried or conveyed as aforesaid from the said Port of Cowes to the said Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth by Sufferance only, to grant such Sufferance, and such Officer is hereby required to grant the same on due Application for that Purpose 3 any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the pun£iual% frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages \ and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Families; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments; and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, lerv-ing, or who may have fervtd, on Board any of his Majesty's Ships.

WHEREAS an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragemeat of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for cjlablifnng a regular Method for the punttual^ frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages; and for enabling

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 33. 195

enabling them more eastly and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Families; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments: And whereas it is just that certain Provisions of the said Act mould be extended to Marines serving on Board Ships in his Majesty's Service; and it would tend much to the Advantage of Seamen and Marines, that the Method established by the said Act for the .4 pundual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages, should be further extended;' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, From Aug r, from and ascer the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, when and so often as any 1797»the Agent Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, belonging to any Ship or Vessel in the Service of his of Hospitals to Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall, by Order of the Captain or Commanding Officer of such Ship or Jhar^sforNon-Vessel, be set Tick ashore, and be sent into any Hospital or Sick Quarters for his Recovery, and such Non- comTiffioned°n-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, be discharged from such Hospital or Sick Quarters unservice- officers of Ma-able, the Agent of such Hospital or Sick Quarters is hereby charged and required to make out a Certificate of rjne~% or Ma-such Discharge, and to sign, testify, and deliver the same, in the Manner and Form directed by the aforesaid n,!CS» ^fmifled Ad of the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, in Cases where Seamen are so discharged from such Hospitals or Sick Quarters. by recited

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall die in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, the Captain or Commander of the Ship or Vessel in which such Officer or Marine served at the Time of his Death shall, as soon as may be after his Death, make out a Ticket for the Wages or Pay due to such Officer of Marines, or Marine, for his Service on Board of such Ship or Vessel at the Time of his Death; which Ticket the said Captain or Commander shall sign himself, and shall cause to be signed by the proper signing Officers of such Ship or Vessel, and shall fend or transmit the same to the Commissioners of the Navy at their Board; and the said Commissioners shall note, examine, and assign the same for Payment, and shall deliver the same to the Executors or Administrators, or others duly authorized to receive the same, in the Manner directed by the aforesaid Adx>f the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, in Cases when Seamen die on Board Ships or Vessels in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

III. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall die in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, the Captain or Commander of the Ship or Vessel in which such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, served at the Time of his Death, shall as soon as may be thereafter cause the Cloaths or other Effects which such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, was possessed of at the Time of his Death, to be publickly sold at the Mast, and the Amount of such Cloaths or Effects bought at such Sale to be marked and charged against the Wages of the Person or Persons purchasing the same; provided always, that the Cloaths or Effects so bought shall not exceed the Net Wages due and payable to the Person purchasing the same: And the said Captain or Commander shall further direct and order the Purser under whose Inspection such Cloaths or Effects shall have been put up to Sale, to make out, or cause to be made out, a List or Bill, containing the Name of the Person or Persons who shall have purchased such Cloaths or Effects, or any Part thereof, and specifying the Amount and Value purchased by each as aforesaid, and shall direct such Purser to sign the same, and shall himself sign and transmit such Bill or Account of Cloaths or Effects fold, annexed to and by the same Conveyance, and at the same Times, as he shall fend and transmit the Dead Ticket for the Wages of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, who shall have so died as aforesaid 5 and when and To often as any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall die, without leaving at the Time of his Death any Cloaths or Effects as aforesaid, the said Captain or Commander shall certify to that Effect on the Dead Ticket to be made out as aforesaid.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, when and so often as any Captain or Commanding Officer of any Ship or Vessel in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, which shall not be in any Port of Great Britain, or on the Coast thereof, shall, in Compliance with the Directions given him in the aforementioned Act, read over, or cause to be read over, the Names of all the Inferior Officers and Seamen belonging to such Ship or Vessel, the said Captain or Commanding Officer is hereby directed and required to read over in like Manner, cr cause to be read over, all the Names of the Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, belonging to such Ship or Vessel, and shall cause them to answer to their Names; and if any such Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall be delirous to remit to his Wife, Father, or Mother, in Great Britain^ or if any Inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall be desirous to remit to his Grandfather, Grandmother, Brother, or Sifter, the said Captain or Commander shall cause Lifts to be made out for such Officers, Seamen, and Marines, in the Manner directed by the aforesaid Act, in Cases of Inferior Officers and Seamen remitting their Wages to their Wives, Fathers, or Mothers, and shall in like Manner sign, complete, and transmit the same to the Commissioners of the Navy at their Board; and the said Commissioners shall cause Bills to be made out for every such Allotment, which Bills they shall make payable, and transmit, assign for Payment, and direct to be paid, in every Resped, the same as directed by the aforesaid Act of the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, in Cases of Bills made out for Allotments made by Inferior Officers and Seamen on Board of such Ships or Vessels.

10 V. And

On the D- ath of any such Offic< r or Marine, the Captain ci the Ship 'o make out a Ticket of the Pay due, &c.

On the Death of any Petty Officer, &c. the Captam to cause his ErFc£ls to be sold at the Mast, &c.

Captains to cjufo the Names of the Non-commissioned Officers ot Marines, and Mariner, to be reado er with the Names of the Pet y Officer!, and Seamen, and to transo.it Lists of such as shall be deft rout of remitting t heir Wages, &c.

196

FcrWta*' when payable, Marines niay rectitc Bills open the Re-ceiver-gen-ral of the Land Tax, &c.

On Product in of ih<* Duplicates of a Bill tMthin fix M< r.tVn of the Date to the Receiver-ps^e-ral, he shall exam-ne into the Truth of it upon Oath, tfnd pay the same without Fee, but if Dot produced within six Months, the Bill frail be returned to the Treafmer of the Naty, dec*

Captains to ^rant to Petty Officers, drc. turned over, or discharged, &c. Tickets for the Pay doe, containing the Particulars herein fjxxified.

C. 33. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousaiul seven hundred and ninety-two, when and so often as any Wages or Pay due to any Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, Hull be paid at the Pay Office of the Navy, or at any of the Oat Ports, if such Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall deftre to receive a Bill for the Whole, or any Part of the same, to be drawn upon the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Check as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Commissioner of the Navy comptrolling such Payment shall cause Bills to be made out, which he shall sign, and cause to be attctled, forwarded, and delivered in like Manner as directed in the aforesaid Act of the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, in Cales of Inferior Officers and Seamen remitting their Wages.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as the Duplicate of any Remittance Bill or Bills, made out in Favour of or granted in the Manner h:rein-before directed to any Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall be produced and delivered to any Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Check, in Great Britain respectively, within six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, he is hereby required and enjoined to examine such Duplicate, and enquire into the Truth thereof, by the Oath of the Person producing the same, which Oath he is hereby authorized and directed to administer, and upon being duly satisfied to testify the same on the Back of such Bill, and shall immediately pay to the Person or Persons to whom such Bills1 shall be made payable, and who shall be entitled to receive the same, without Fee or Reward on any Pretence whatsoever, the Sum contained in such Bill, taking his, her, or their Receipt for the same on the Back thereof, which Bill so paid, upon being produced and delivered, together with the Duplicate thereof, at the Navy Office, shall be immediately, assigned for Payment by three or more Commissioners of the Navy, and shall be immediately repaid by the Treasurer of the Navy, to such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, Clerk of the Check, or to the Order of any of them respectively, who shall have paid such Bill; but in case the Duplicate of such Bill shall not be produced and delivered, and the Payment thereof be demanded within six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, then the said Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Check, shall return such Bill to the Treasurer of the Navy, who shall cause such Bill to be immediately cancelled; and from and after the cancelling thereof the Sum 16 contained in such Bill shall accrue and become payable to such Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, for whose Wages or Pay it was made out, or to his lawful Attorney or Attornies, or to his Representatives, in case he shall be dead, in the same Manner as if such Bill had never bcenissued.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, when and so often as any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall be turned over from any Ship or Vessel in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, into any other Ship or Vessel in such Service, and which Ships or Vessels shall not at the Time of the Removal of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, be in any Port of Great Britain, where any Commissioner of his Majesty's Navy maybe and re fide, and when and (o often as any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-coraroiffioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall by Wounds, Sickness, or any other manifest Infirmity, be disabled, and be discharged from such Ship or Vessel as unserviceable, or be lent sick to any of his Majesty's Hospitals or Sick Quarters, at Home or Abroad, then and in either of such Cases the Captain or Commanding Officer of the Ship from which the ^1 id Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall be so turned over, or be so discharged, or lent sick, shall at the same Time make out, or cause to be made out, a Ticket for the Wages or Pay due to such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, for his Services on Board such Ship or Vessel at the Lime of his being so turned over, discharged, or lent sick, and which Ticket shall conlilt of two Parts, that shall be Duplicates, and joined together by oblique Lines, Flourifttes, and Devices, and each of which shall specify the Name, Age, Stature, and Complexion of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, and likewise the Date of his Entry into such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, and the Date of his being so turned over, discharged unserviceable, or sent sick, from the same; and, if jttirned over, the Name of the Ship or Vessel to which he shall be so turned over, and if discharged unserviceable as aforesaid, the Name of the Ship or Vessel into which he may be invalided to return Home, together with the Name of the Place where he shall be so discharged; and if sent sick, the Name of the Hospital or Sick Quarters to which he shall be so sent; and each of the said Parts of such 'Picket shall also ddcribe the Number at which such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, stood upon the Books of the Ship or Vessel from which he shall be turned over, discharged, or sent sick, and also the Particulars of all the Slops and other Deductions which were charged agamlt his Wages in the said Ship or Vessel, and the Amount of the same shall be wrote or printed in Words at Length; and if the said Petty Officer or Sea-mar^ Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall be lent sick, as aforesaid, to any Hospital or Sick Quarters, either at Home or Abroad, one Part of such Ticket shall also specify the different Eftefts or Necessaries which shall be sent with him, and shall describe the Disorder or Infirmity for which he shall be Jo sent, and shall be addressed to the Commissioners appointed to take care of Sick and Wounded Seamen, or their Agent, at such Hospital or Sick Quarters, and the Form of such Remove Ticket, Unfer-i*iceab!e Ticket, or Sick Ticket, as the Case may be, shall be as follows, or to the like Effect;

Sick

fSIcfc Ticket,

j Unserviceable Ticket, or

( Foreign Remove Ticket.

K° on the Ship's Book.

( )

N° on the Entry Book.

Act of Parliament 32 Geo. ///. Cap. 33.

[Not saleable or transferable.]

Seaman, aged Years,

r eet, Inches high, of a Complexion,

entered on Board his Majesty's on the

Day of one thousand seven hundred and

and served until this Day of one thousand seven hundred and in the Quality of

at which Time he was to

Abatements to be made -----/

For Marine Necessaries

Venereals -

Neglect:

Cloaths in Sick Quarters

Navy Slop Cloaths -

Dead Men's Cloaths — Beds-----

Tobacco-----

Wages remitted from Abroad — Two Months Advance -

Amounting to and Pence

Given under our Hands, Captain Purfcr

Pounds

{Sick Ticket, Unserviceable Ticket, or Foreign Remove Ticket.

N° on the Ship's Book.

( )

Feet,

N° on the Entry Book.

Act of Parliament 32 Geo. III. Cap. 33.

Shillings

Matter

Boatswain

[Not saleable or transferable.] Seaman, aged Years,

Inches high, or a Complexion

entered on Board his Majesty's # on the

Day of one thousand seven hundred and

and served until this Day of one thousand seven hundred and in the Quality of

it which Time he was to

Abatements to be made

For Marine Necessaries

Venereals -----~

Negleds

Cloaths in Sick Quarters —

Navy Slop Cloaths-----

Dead Men's Cloaths-----

Beds-----

Tobacco-----

Wages remitted from Abroad Two Months Advance-----

Amounting to

Pounds

and Pence

Given under our Hands, Captain Purler

Shillings

Matter

Boatswain

If the Person in whose Favour this Ticket is made out shall be sent Sick to any Hospital, or Sick Quarters, at Home or Abroad, and shall afterwards return to his Ship, he shall leave this Ticket with the Agent --N je rj. y. I, % f f m

of such Hof iral or Sick Quarters. C*' If the Party be discharged unserviceable, be turned over to any ether Ship in the Service of hi*

0 If he shall be fem from such Hospital or Sick Quarters to serve in any other Ship, he shall cany this be rent/,ck> and dojiot return to his Ship, the Captain or Commanding Officer is to fend

Ticket with him, which shall not be payable until the Ship on Board of which he goes shall come in Course ‘hts Duplicate to the Comm,(Goners of the Navvi.uJer, by the fitft fate Opportunity thereafter,

of Payment, or until he shall be discharged therefrom. C^'c0~l. °.r any 4.pta,n or Commanding Officer, who shall have this Duplicate ,n his Possession, upon his

If he shall be removed f rom one Ship to another Abroad, he shall deliver it, when he arrives in Eng!andy ^rnva* in Etgbnd, is immediately to forward it to the Commissioners of ihc Navy, London,

to the Commissioners of the Navy in London, or to the Commissioner of the Navy residing at Portsmouth,

Plymouth, or Chatham, who will cause Payment to be made as soon as may be, at whichever of thele Places it shall be delivered.

I: he shall be in any Way discharged unserviceable, he may receive Payment in the same Manner at any C of th- fe Places j or if, b*dng so discharged unserviceable, he shall be or arrive at any other Port or Place in CC Great Britain or Ireland, and shall be desirous to receive Payment at such Place, of this or any other Ticket EH u/hich he may have, he shall apply to the nearest Collector of the Custom8 or Excise, or Receiver of the CD Land Tax, 01 Clerk of the Check, and shall deliver to him such Tickets, together with a Certificate of his Q_ having received no Wages for his Services during his Passage, if be shall have come Home in a Packet or Merchantmany and the said Colleger of the Customs, or whichever of the above Revenue Officers he shall f apply to, shall transmit the same to the Commissioners of the Navy in Lor.dwy who will forward a Bill for the Amount of the Wages, to be immediately paid to the Person entitled to them; and the said Revenue —

Officer (bail also transmit such Person's Address, who mud be identified to him by the Mailer of the said Packet or Merchantman, or by some other Person of good Repute.

N.B. 1 he prrfonating or falsely afToming the Name and Character of any Petty Officer, Seaman, or N^Marine, or procuring any other to do the same, in order to receive any Pay or Wages due, or supposed to be r\Qduc, is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by Act 32 Geo.

III. And if the Person in whose Favour this Ticket is made out, shall die before he receives Payment, it is to be returned, together with any other Tickets he may have in his Peflefliun, to the Commissioners of the Navy, London.

A.D. 179a. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii C. 33. 197

C. 33. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792;:

SICK TICKET-

To the Commissioners appointed to take care of Sick 7 and Wounded Seamen, or their Agent, at )

WHEREAS we have sent on Shore the Person mentioned V in the within Ticket, being afflicted with we desire

that Care may be taken to promote his Cure, and to provide him Quarters, according to the Methods of the Navy.

He has taken the following Necessaries on Shore with him:

~D

CD

N

O)

b

HOSPITAL DISCHARGE.

'T' HE S E are to certify. That the within-mentioned

was sent to this Place upon the Day of 179 for the

Cure of and being cured, was discharged

hence this Day of 179 to go forthwith

to

He has received in Cloaths to the Value of — — — £.

And in Conduct Money -

Amounting to Pounds Shillings and

Pence.

Witness my Hand,

Appointed to take care of Sick and Hurt Seamen.

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 33. T99

And the Captain or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall sign both Parts of such Ticket, and cause the same to be signed by the proper figirng Officers of the Ship, and he shall cut them asunder indentvyife, through the oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, and shall deliver one Part of the same to the Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, who shall be turned over, discharged, or sent sick in Manner aforesaid; and if such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, having been sent sick to any Foreign Hospital, cr Sick Quarters, shall not return to his Ship, or having been sent to any Hospital or Sick Quarters in Great Britain, shall not return to his Ship within thirty Days from the Time of his having been so sent; or if such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall have been discharged unserviceable, or removed from one Ship to another abroad, the said Captain or Commander shall transmit the other Part by the first safe Opportunity thereafter, without any Negle&or Delay whatsoever, to the Commissioners of the Navy at their Board, for the Use of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine; who are hereby directed and required, as soon as they shall receive such Part, to cause the same to be forthwith examined, and the Day upon which it shall be received to be indorsed thereon; and when any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Maiines, or Marine, who shall be so sent to any of his Majesty's Hospitals or Sick Quarters, shall be discharged therefrom, the Agent of such Hospital or Sick Quarters is hereby required and directed to make out a Certificate of such Discharge, by filling up the Blanks, as the Truth may be, of the Form subjoined to the Sick Ticket, which shall have been delivered, as aforesaid, to the said Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, and which he shall figrv and deliver to him; and when any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall be so discharged from any of his Majesty's Hospitals, or Sick Quarters abroad, and shall arrive in any Port of Great Britain, in any Packet, or Trading Ship or Vessel, and shall not have received any Wages, Pay, or other Consideration, for any Service performed by him while on Board the same, the Commander of such Ship or Vessel is hereby directed and required to grant a Certificate thereof, which shall also express and set forth the Dates of the Entry of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, on Board of his Ship or Vessel, and Discharge therefrom: And if any such Commander shall refuse or delay to grant such Certificate, upon Application to him for the same from such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, one Half thereof to be applied to such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, and the other Half thereof to the Person who shall sue so* the same.

Captains t<5 fig,) Pay Tickets* &c*

Navy Board to cause Pay Tickets transonitred, to be examined1, &c,

Ageirsof Hospitals, &c. to give Certificates of the Discharge therefrom of Petty Officers, &c.

Commanders of

Vessels bringing home Petty Of<* ficers, &c. discharged from Hospitals abroad, to grant Certificates of their having paid them no Wages for their Services durirgtheir Paffiage home, on Penalty of 501.

VIII. And whereas, by the above-mentioned Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, the Sum of Sixpence per Diem was thereby directed to be allowed and paid to British Governors,

Ministers, Consuls, and Merchants, residing in foreign Parts, for the Subsistence of all Seafaring Men and Boys, Subjects of Great Britain, that should be shipwrecked, captured, or by other unavoidable Accidents c be driven or cast away, or that Should be discharged unserviceable from any Ships or Vessels of the Royal Navy; and the like Sum of Sixpence per Diem was directed to be paid and allowed to every Master or Person having Charge of a Ship or Vessel taking cm Board such Seafaring Man, in the Manner in the said Act mentioned be it hereby enabled, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hun- 9 <3. per Diem to dred and ninety-two, the Sum of Ninepence per Diem shall be allowed and paid in the Stead of the aforesaid be allowed m Sum of Sixpence; which said Sum of Ninepence per Diem shall be paid in the same Manner, and under the ^asC^eaed aacJ same Regulations and Restrictions, as are clirested by the aforesaid Act respecting the Sum of Sixpence per al|owe(1 i)y 31 Diem thereby allowed, any Thing to the contrary in any former Act contained notwithstanding. Geo. a. c. 10.

IX. And be it further enacted, That as fbon as any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer The Navy Board of Marines, or Marine, who shall have been in any Way discharged abroad, as aforesaid, shall present that to assign for Pay-Part of the Ticket or Tickets which shall have been delivered to him as herein-before directed, together with *ment Tickets

a Certificate of Discharge in case he shall have been sent sick to any Hospital or Sick Quarters, and a Ticket ^Vfmined^o. or Certificate from the Commander of any Packet or Trading Ship or Vessel, if he shall have so arrived in any &c#

Port in Great Britain, to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board, they shall examine, or cause the same to be examined, by the Muster Books, or other Returns for the Time, if received; and, upon being duly satisfied that the Person so presenting the same is the Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, upon whose Account the same was made out, they, or any three of them, shall immediately assign for Payment that Part of such Ticket or Tickets which shall have been so presented to them by such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or that Part of.

the same which shall have been transmitted to them by any Captain or Commanding Officer in his Majesty's Service, if such Part shall have come to their Hands, or either of such Parts; and the Part so assigned shall include the Time that such Petty Officer jor Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, upon whose Account the same shall have been so made out, shall have been in any of his Majesty's foreign Hospitals or Sick Quarters, in case he shall have been in any such Hospital or Sick Quarters, and of which he shall have produced Certificates, as herein-before directed, from the Agent of such Hospital or Sick Quarters, and also the Time which such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall have been in any Packet, or Trading Ship or Vessel, on his Passage home, if he shall have so come home, and of which he shall have produced Certificates, as herein-before directed, from the Commander of such Packet, or Trading Ship or Vessel; and the said Commissioners having so assigned and otherwise completed such Ticket, they shall immediately deliver, or cause the same to be delivered to the Petty Officer or 32 Geo. III. D d Seaman,

200

Petty Officers, tee. emitled to Payment of affined Tickets, &c.

Commissioners of the Navy at any Port to examine Tickets, and transmit them io the Navy EozrJ, who are to affiign them for Pay-ucen:, &c.

Tickets so assigned to be returned to the Port for Payment.

/gents of Hospitals to make rut Lists of the Petty Officers, &c. sent there, which, when signed as herein directrd, shall be their Vouchers*

Petty Officers,

Scc. returning to \ heir Ships from r?ofp'.Ta!s to leave ihcir Sick Tickets with the Agents, See, but if they are discharged as un. Urv:C'able, or lent into any ether Ship, to ktFp them, &c.

Petty Officer,

tec, fenttoHof-

pitalf, Scc. in Great Britain to be allowed only 30 Dajs Pay whi

Navy Board to make out Tickets for Petty Officers, &c. left behind on Service, when Shlp3 proceed to Sea, &c.

C. 33. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, upon whose Account the same shall have been, made out; who shall be entitled to receive Payment thereon, and to remit what Part thereof he may think proper, with the same Powers, Privileges, and Restrictions as if the said Wages were due at the general Payment of any Ship, provided he shall actually belong, at that Time, to his Majesty's Service, or shall have been duly and regularly discharged, therefrom- and in case any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, belonging to his Majesty's Navy, or who shall have been duly and regularly discharged therefrom, shall be at any Port in Great Britain where any Commissioner of the Navy may be and reside, and be desirous to receive his Wages or Pay at such Port, which shall be due upon any Ticket or 'Pickets, Certificate or Certificates, which may be in his Possession, and made out as herein-before directed, he shall prefer,t the same to such Commissioner, who shall examine the same, and the Person so presenting them; and being satisfied that such Tickets or Certificates were made out for and on Account of the said Person, he shall immediately transmit them to the Commissioners of the Navy at their Board, who shall cause the Day upon which they shall receive the same to be indorsed thereon, and shall examine, or cause them to be examined, by the Muster Books, or other Returns for the Time, if received; and they, or any three of them, shall assign for Payment that Part of such Ticket or Tickets which shall have been so transmiued to them, or that Part of the same which shall have been transmitted to them by any Captain or Commanding Officer in his Majesty's Service, if such Part shall have come to their Hands, or either of such Parts; and the Part so assigned shall include the Time that such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, upon whose Account the same shall have been so made out, shall have been in any of his Majesty's Foreign Hospitals, or Sick Quarters, in case he shall have been in any such Hospital or Sick Quarters, and of which he shall have produced Certificates as herein-before directed, from the Agent of such Foreign Hospital or Sick Quarters, and also the Time which such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marines, shall have been in any Packet or Trading Ship or Vessel on his Pailage home, if he shall have so come home, and of which he shall have produced Certificates, as herein-before directed, from the Commander of such Packet, or Trading Ship or Vessel; and the said Commissioners having so assigned, or otherwise completed such Ticket, they shall immediately return, or cause the same to be returned to the Commissioner at such Port wno shall have transmitted the same to them; and the said Commissioner, upon receiving such Ticket, shall immediately deliver, or cause the same to be delivered, to the Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, upon whose Account it shall have been made out; and shall direct Payment to be made thereon without Delay, and shall allow the said Powers and Privileges of Remittance as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Petty Officers or Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, or Marines, shall be lent lick to any Hospital or Sick Quarters at Home or Abroad, from any Ship or Vessel in his MajestyV Service, the Agent of such Hospital or Sick Quarters shall make out or cause to be made out from the respective Sirk Tickets of such Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, a List containing their Names, and the Numbers at which they respectively flood upon the Books of the Ship or Vessel from which they shall have been sent; and the Officer of such Ship or Vessel who shall have attended them on Shore shall examine such Lift, and finding the same to be just and true, shall date and sign the same, and deliver it to the Agent, who shall take the first Opportunity thereafter to procure to the same the Signature of the Captain or Commander of such Ship or Vessel, and which Lift shall remain with him, and be to him a sufficient Voucher for having received such Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, or Marines, into such Hospital or Sick Quarters, in lieu and instead of the Sick Ticket directed to be made out, lent, and delivered by the aforesaid Act of the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty*

XI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall be sent sick to any Hospital or Sick Quarters at Hsrne or Abroad, and shall afterwards be discharged therefrom to return to the Ship from which he shall have so been font, he Hi all leave his Sick Ticket in the Hands of the Agent of such Hospital or Sick Quarters, who shall transmit the same to the Commissioners of the Navy, with their Monthly or Quarterly Returns; but if such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall be discharged unservice-ab!e from such Hospital or Sick Quarters, or be discharged therefrom to serve in any other Ship or Vessel, he shall keep and preserve fqch Ticket for Payment: Provided always, That if such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall be so discharged to serve in any other Ship or Vessel, such Ticket shall not be payable until the Ship on Board of which he shall go from such Hospital or Sick Quarters shall come incourse of Payment, or until he shall be in any Way discharged therefrom.

XII. And be it further enacted, That any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of. Marines, or Marine, who shall be so sent sick from any Ship or Vessel into any of his Majesty's Hospitals or Sick Quarters in Great Britain, shall not be allowed Wages or Pay for more than thirty Days of the Time which he shall remain in such Hospital or Sick Quarters.

lie they remain there.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, being absent from his Ship upon any detached Service or Employment, shall be left behind when the Ship or Vessel to which he belongs shall proceed to Sea or foreign Service, then, and in every such Case, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy shall, upon Application from the Captain of the Ship on Board of which he shall be ordered to serve, make out, or cause to be made out, from the Monthly Adulter Books of such Ship or Vessel, as soon as the same shall be

8 received

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 33. 201

received for the Time, a Ticket for every such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, as shall be so left behind', which Ticket they shall check and examine, and on such Application shall assign and deliver the same to the said Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, but which shall not be paid or payable until the Ship or Vessel into which he shall be sent shall come in course of Payment, or until he shall be regularly discharged therefrom.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Petty Officers, Marines,* or Marine, shall have been duly discharged, as disabled or unserviceabk, from his Ship, or be dif- &c.difcting-.-das charged as disabled or unserviceable from any of his Majesty's Hospitals or Sick Quarters, at Home or unfervict3b,e

Collectors, St o', on such Application to ascertain the Identity of the Party, and transmit Tickets, &c. to the Navy Board, &c,

Tickets so transmitted, to be examined, and Remittance Bills made out for the Balance

from Hospitals,

or reside, and shall at such Port, or at any other Place in Great Britain, be desirous to receive Payment of where to Com-any Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, which shall have been made out on his Account as herein- m'-fficner of the before directed, and for any Time when such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Ma- Navy refidts, rines, or Marine, shall have been upon his Passage Home, after having been discharged from such Ship, or from iiich Hospital or Sick Quarters, he shall apply to the Cclledor of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or of Ticket?,*1 Receiver General of the Land Tax, or Clerk of the Check, who may be at or neared to such Port or other apply to the Place in Great Britain, and shall present and deliver to him such Ticket or Tickets, together with the Certi- Coiicflorsof the ficate of his having been duly discharged from such Ship, or such Hospital or Sick Quarters, as the Case may be, and likewise (if he has received no Wages or other Consideration for his Services in any Packet or Trading Ship or Vessel on BoarcHbf which he may have arrived in Great Britain) a Certificate thereof from the Matter or Commander of such Packet or Trading Ship or Vessel; and such Collector of the Customs,

Collector of the Excise, Receiver General of the Land Tax, or Clerk of the Check, in Great Britain, to whom he may apply respectively, is hereby required and directed to receive such Tickets and Certificates, and to require a Certificate from the Matter of the Packet or Vessel in which such Seaman shall have come Home, if he shall have so come Home, or from some reputable Inhabitant of such Place, that he knows the Person applying to him as aforesaid, or believes such Person to be the Party entitled to hold the Ticket or Certificates which he shall havefo presented, and whose Address they shall also specify; and the said Collector of the Customs, Coheftor of the Excise, Receiver General of the Land Tax, or Clerk of the Check, as the Case may be, being satisfied in every Respect with regard to the Identity of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall grant an Acknowledgment or Receipt to him for such Tickets and Certificates as he shall so deliver, and shall immediately transmit the same, together with the Certificate, and Party's Address, taken by him as before directed, addressed to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, at their Board in London, who shall cause the Day upon which they shall receive the same to be indorsed thereon, and they shall immediately cause such Ticket or 'rickets, and Certificate or Certificates, to be examined by the Mutter Books, if received, and shall make or cause to be made out, within three Days, a Remittance Bill for the net Balance due upon such Tickets and such Certificates, or upon the Ship's Books for which such Ticket or Tickets shall have been made out, in case the Ship or Ships shall have been paid for the Time, and which Remittance Bills they are hereby directed and required to make out, assign, attest, forward, and transmit, in the Manner herein-before directed in Cases of foreign Remittances, and which Remittance Bill for Payment shall be made payable only to such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, to whom such Wages shall be due; and such Remittance Bills shall be made out in the Form herein-befdre directed, in Cases of Parties desiring their Wages to be remitted from Abroad, or to the like Effect.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in case both Parts of any such Remove Ticket, herein-before directed to be granted and delivered to such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, and to be transmitted to the Commissioners of the Navy as aforesaid, or that Part of such Ticket which shall contain the Certificate of Discharge herein-before directed to be granted by the Agents of his Majesty's Hospitals or Sick Quarters, shall happen to be lost or destroyed before the Ship or Vessel shall be paid for the "Lime for which such Ticket shall have been made out, then, and in any such Case, another Ticket or other Tickets, or another Certificate or other Certificates, shall, upop Application to the Commissioners of the Navy, (upon their being satisfied of the identity of the Party,) be immediately made out from the Mutter Books and Hospital Returns rc-(pectively if received, and which other 'Picket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, shall be to such Petty Officer or Seaman* Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, in every Respect the same as the Ticket or Tickets, and Certificate or Certificates, which were so loft or destroyed: And provided also, That in case any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, to whom such Ticket or Tickets, and Certificate or Certificates, shall have been made out, shall not appear in Person and present the same, in order to obtain Payment as aforesaid, before the Ship or Vessel shall be paid for the Time for which such Ticket or Tickets shall have been made out, then, and in every such Case, the Pay or Wages due to such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, for such Time, shall not be payable by virtue of such Ticket or Tickets, or upon any Part thereof, but the Commissioners of the Navy shall cause the same to be cancelled; and all such Wages or Pay shall accrue or become payable to such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Amarine, his Attorney or Attornies,

Executors or Administrators, demanding the same, and duly authorized to receive^ the same, as if such Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, had never been made*out, granted, or sent; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And provided also. That in case any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non- Executors re-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, to whom such Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, ceive Bay due, shall have been made out, shall die before he shall have received Payment thereof, and before the Ship oi^£h're the Party Vessel shall be paid, for which such Ticket or Tickets shall have been made out, then, and in every such Case^H11 have

Tv j 7 .1 before rtremi'g

b' d Z the lament ol such

Tickets,

Other TJclte*s

may be made for those loft, on Application to the Navy Office, Sc c.

Such Tickets (9 he cancelled if not presented before the Ship be paid,&c.

20 2

A:ents of Hospital-, &c. to forward Ticke 3 vf Persons so dy'ng, to the Navy Board*

On Production of the Duplicate of a Remittance Bill to any Receiver General of the Land Tax, See, wi hin 6 Month* from the Date, he shall examine into the Truth »«f it up >n Oath, and pay t! efame without Fee; but if not produced within 6 Months, it shall be returned to the Treasurer of the Niry,&c.

If Receiver General, &c. shall n »t hive Money in Hand when Duplicates are tendered, hc shall app< int a Day for Payment within a Month, &c.

Penalty on Receiver General, Jrc. delaying Payment, or taking Fees, &cM

Pavrnent c.f Tickets, Sic. not to be postponed, th» ugh the Moffer Books iTuy not be regularly transmitted to the Navy Office* Errors in Tickets to be made g< od by the Per-A-ni granting the r.i.

Bills and Duplicates vo he Vouchers to the Treasurer of fee Navy*

C. 33. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

the Pay or Wages due on such Ticket shall become payable upon the same, or on the Duplicate thereof, to the Executors or Administrators of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, demanding the same, and duly authorised to receive the same; and the Agent of the Hospital or Sick Quarters,'or the Matter or Commander of the Ship or Vessel in which such Officer, Seaman, or Marine shall be at the Time of his Death, or the Person or Persons into whose Possession or Custody the said Ticket or Tickets may come and devolve, are hereby strictly required and enjoined immediately to forward the same to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board, London.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as the Duplicate of any Remittance Bill or Bills, made‘out in favour of, or granted in the Manner herein-before directed to, any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall be produced and delivered to any Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Check in Great Britain respectively, within six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, he is hereby required and enjoined to examine such Duplicate, and enquire into the Truth thereof, by the Oath of the Person producing the same, which Oath he is hereby authorized and directted to administer, and upon being duly satisfied to testify the same on the Back of such Bill, and shall immediately pay to the Person to whom such Bill shall be made payable, and who shall be entitled to receive the same, without Fee or Reward on any Pretence whatsoever, the Sum contained in such Bill, taking his Receipt for the same on the Back thereof; which Bill so paid, upon being produced and delivered, together with the Duplicate thereof, at the Navy Office, shall be immediately assigned for Payment by three or more Commissioners of the Navy, and shall be immediately repaid by the Treasurer of the Navy to such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, Clerk of the Check, or to the Order of any of them respectively who shall have paid such Bill; but in case the Duplicate of such Bill shall not be produced and delivered, and the Payment thereof be demanded, within six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, then the said Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Check, shall return such Bill to the Treasurer of the Navy, who shall cause such Bill to be immediately cancelled, and from and after the cancelling thereof the Sum fc> contained in such Bill shall accrue and become payable to such Inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, for whose Wages or Pay it was made out, or to his lawful Attorney or Attornies, or to his Representatives, in case he shall be dead, in the same Manner as if such Bill had never been issued.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Check, to whom the Duplicate of any of the Bills herein-before directed to be made out and addressed, shall be tendered for Payment, shall not then have in his Rands Publick Money sufficient to answer the same, and shall for that Reason refuse or delay the immediate Payment thereof, such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of" the Check, shall immediately indorse on the Back of the said Duplicate the Day of its being so tendered to him, and the Cause of his Refusal or Delay to pay the same, and shall appoint thereon for the Payment of such Bill some future Day, within the Space of one Month at the farthest from the Day of its having been first tendered to him as aforesaid; and such Duplicate, with the Indorsement thereon, shall immediately be delivered back to the Pet son presenting the same; and if upon Complaint to be made to the respective Commissioners appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to manage the said several Duties of the Land Tax, Customs, or Excise, or to the Commissioners of the Navy, if the Person complained of be a Clerk of the Check, it shall appear that such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Check, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed the Payment of such Bill, or that such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Check, or any Person employed by or under any of them, hath directly or indirectly received or taken any Fee, Reward, Gratuity, Discount, or Deduction whatsoever, on Account of the Payment of the said Bill, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the said Commissioners to convict and fine any such Offender under their respective Direction in any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and such Fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Conviction may be made, and any Penalty or Fine may be levied or recovered for any Offence against any Law by which any Custom or Excise is imposed or laid; and the said Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers against such Offender or Offenders.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Duplicate or Duplicates of any Ticket or Tickets, or in case the Mutter Books or Pay Books, for any Ship or Vessel, shall not be regularly transmitted to and received by the Commissioners of the Navy in the Manner heretofore prescribed, yet the Payment of the Tickets or Parts of 'Pickets, or Lifts, herein-betbre directed to be made out or granted to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall not be delayed or postponed for such Omission; but if any Error to the Detriment of the Publick Treasure shall be made in any such Ticket or Lift by the Captain or Commanding Officer issuing or making out the same, the Lots arising by such Error shall be m.Je good and compensated out of any Wages or Pay due or to grow due to such Captain or Commanding Officer by whom such Ticket or Lift was so

made out or granted as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further cn2&ed. That at! and every such Ticket and Tickets, Bill and Bills, Duplicate and Duplicates, respectively, he rein-before directed to be made out and paid as aforesaid, shall be deemed ;md taken as good and sufficient Vouchers for the Treasurer of the Navy for fg much Money as shall have been

so

A.D. 1702. Anno tricesimo fectindo Georgii III. C. 33.

<o directed to be paid upon all or any such Ticket, Bill, or Duplicate, respectively, and as shall have been paid determined by him thereon, and shall be allowed as such in passing his Accounts.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of rfugyft one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, when and so often as any Wages, Fay, or other Allowance of Money, shall become due and be payable for the Service of any Commissioned or Warrant Officer in his Majesty's Navy, the same shall be paid to such Commissioned or Warrant Officer himfclr, if present at the Pay Table when such Wages or Allowance of Money is appointed to be paid, upon his producing the usual Certificates and Papers, or in case of his Absence, the same shall be paid to his lawful Attorney, such Attorney producing the usual Certificates and Papers, unless in the Case where such Commhfioned or Warrant Officer shall have granted an Alignment or Bill of Sale of such Wages, Pay, or Allowance of Money, and that such Assignment or Bill of Sale shall, at the Time of paying such Wages, Pay, or Allowance of Money, be produced at the Payable, and Payment claimed thereon, in which Case Payment shall be made to the Person claiming under such Alignment or Bill of Sale (he or file producing the usual Certificates and Papers); and in case of more Alignments or Bills of Sale than one, they shall be satisfied and paid according to the Priority of their Dates-, but the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, or the Person appointed to pay such Wages, Pay, or Allowance of Money, shall not be bound or obliged to pay, regard, or take notice of any Alignment or Bill of Sale, unless such Assignment or Bill of Sale shall be presented at the Pay Table, and be accompanied by the usual Certificates and Papers, at the Time vffen such Wages, Pay, or Allowance of Money, is appointed to be paid; and the said Treasurer of the Navy shall not pay, or be liable to pay, under or by virtue of any Assignment or Bill of Sale which shall sell, assign, or convey any certain Annual, Half-yearly, Quarterly, or Monthly Allowance, or any particular Wages, Pay, or Allowance of Money, f*ar any Service whatever, but only under such Alignments or Bills of Sale as shall be made for a certain fixed Sum specified in such Assignment or Bill of Sale, and for the Satisfaction of which Sum so specified, all Wages. Pay, or other Allowances, payable to such Officer by the Treasurer of the Navy, shall be subject and liable.

XXI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer of the Navy (or the Time being shall not be bound or obliged to pay, regard, or to take notice of any Power of Attorney, or Check of any Power of Attorney, unless such Power or such Check be actually produced at the Time when the Wages, Pay, or other Allowance of Money claimed by virtue thereof is appointed to be paid; and in case two or more Powers of Attorney, or two or more Checks of Powers of Attorney shall be produced at the same Time, Payment shall be made upon or under the Authority of that which is the latctt in Date, and accompanied with the usual Certificates and Papers: Provided further, That this Act, or any Thing herein or in any former Act contained, shall not extend or be construed to invalidate or make void any Indenture or Indentures, whereby any Mailer is or shall be entitled to h!tve or receive the Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money earned by his Apprentice, but such Wages, Pay, and other Allowances, shall be

said by the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, or by his Direction, according to such Indenture or ndentures, as has been usual in such cases, unless such Apprentice shall be above the Age of eighteen Years at the Time when such Indenture or Indentures were made and executed; or unleP such Indenture or Indentures shall not be produced at the Pay Table when such Wages, Pay, and other Allowances of Money, shall be demanded by such Apprentice, or Persons appearing to be by him legally authorised to receive the same, in which Case such Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money of such Apprentice, shall be due and payable to himself, or to such Person appearing to be legally authorised by him to receive the same; or unless such Apprentice shall have been hired and lated as a Servant to any Commissioned or Warrant Officer belonging to any of the Ships or Vessels of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and such Apprenticeship not being then known by the Indenture having been produced to such Officer, and Proof of such Production exhibited to the Treasurer of the Navy, or Persons duly authorised to pay for him, in which Case the Wages. Pay, or other Allowances of Money of such Servant, shall be due and payable to such Commissioned or Warrant Officer, according to the ufui.l Practice of the Navy, down to the Time that such Officer shall be informed in the Manner aforesaid of such Apprenticeship; and in each and any of the Cases herein-before mentioned the Matter of such Apprentice shall not be entitled to receive any Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money, by virtue of any such Indenture; any Thing herein contained, or any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXII. c And, to prevent for the future, as far as may be, any unjust or fraudulent Arrests upon Petty c Officers or Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, or Marines, actually belonging to any of the c Ships of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,' be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of Augyft one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, no Person whatsoever, who shall serve as a Petty Officer or Seaman, or be embarked as a Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, on Board any of the Ships or Vessels of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be liable to be taken out of the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by any Process or Execution whatsoever, either in Great Britain, Ireland, or any other Part of his Majesty's Dominions, other than for some Criminal Matter, unless such Process or Execution be for a real Debt, which shall have been contrafted by such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, when he did not belong to any Ship or Vessel in the Service of his Majesty, his Heiis or Successors, or other just Cause of Action, and unless Jjefore the taking out of such Process or Execution, not being for a Criminal Matter, or for a Debt contrafted in the Service as aforesaid, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, or some other Person or Persons on his or their Behalf, shall make Affidavit before one or more Judge or Judges of the Court of Record, or other Court out of which such Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorised to lake Affidavits in such Courts, that to his or their Knowledge the Sum justly due and owing to the Plaintiff, or Plaintiff's,

203

Pay to be paid to the Party or to his Attorney

unless an Argument thereof be produced ac the Time of Payment, &c. t-^ge-tb«.r with the usual Cert fi a:es and Vouchers.

Treasurer not liable to pay under any Affirm-ment, which dues no- specify a fixed Sum.

Treasurer not bound to regxid any Power, unlch produced w. hen the Wage* are paying.

Matters to receive the Wage* of Apprentices, except in the Cases herein spe--c fied*

No Petty Officer, &c. liable to-Process, but for for a Criminal Matter, or for x Debt contracted before he belonged to any Ship, of 20l. at lead.

Oath of the Debt to be made before a Judge, & O'-

*04-

persons arreiled contrary t<* this Act* to be discharg«-d, and to b" intilled to Co£s«

Terrons counterfeiting Ticket', See, guilty of Fc-hiuy.

So much of 31 Geo. a. c. 10. as is not hereby repealed, to rc-maio in force*

[Preamble.]

2.6 Geo. 3. c. 63* ftccited.

From A»*uft r, 1792, no Letter ot At o ev or Will of a Non-commiflinned Officer of Mari oe',or Marine, 10 be v lid un-Jess m »dc according to the recited Act, &c.

C. 33, 34. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III'. A.D. 1792.

from the Defendant or Defendants, in the Action or Cause of Action on which such Process shall issue, or the Debt or Damage and Costs for which such Execution shall be issued out, amounts to the Value of twenty Pounds at the least, and that such Debt, so amounting to twenty Pound or upwards, was contracted by the said Defendant when he did not belong as aforesaid to any Ship in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, a Memorandum of which Oath shall be marked on the Buck of such Process or Writ, for which Memorandum or Oath no Fee shall be taken; and if any Person be nevertheless arrested, contrary to the Intent of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for one or mere Judge or Judges of such Court, upon Complaint made thereof by the Party himself, or by any one of his superior Officers, to examine into the same, by the Oath of the Parties, or otherwise, and by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals to discharge such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, so arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, without paying any Fee or Fees, upon due Proof made before him or them that such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, so arrested, was actually belonging to one of the Ships or Vessels of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and such Judge or Judges shall also award to the Party so complaining the Costs of such Complaint, to be taxed by the proper Officer of such Court, for the Recovery whereof he shall havetiic like Remedy that the Person who takes out the said Execution might Have had for his Costs, or the Plaintiff: in the said Action might have had for the Recovery of his Costs, in case Judgment had been given for him with Coils, against the Defendant in the said Action.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly act and assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting, any Ticket for the Wages or Pay due to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, for his Services on Board any Ship or Vessel of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Duplicate of any such Picket, or any Certificate of Discharge from any Naval Hospital of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Remittance Bill, or Duplicate of Remittance Bill, with Intention to receive any Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, due, or supposed to be due, for or on Account of the Service of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, on Board any Ship or Vessel of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or shall utter or publish as true any Ticket for the Wages or Pay due to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines* or Marine, for his Service on Board any Ship or Vessel of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Duplicate of any such Picket, or^ny Certificate of Discharge from any Naval Hospital of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Remittance Bill, or Duplicate of Remittance Bill, with Intention to receive any Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, due, or supposed to be due, for or on Account of the Service of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, on Board any Ship or Vessel of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited, then every such Person so offending, being lawfully convicted of any such Offence or Offences, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly declared, That so much of the aforesaid Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as is not repealed by this Act, shall remain in full Force and Effect.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Usages, Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on Board any of his Majeflfs Ships; and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have ierved, on Board any of his Majesty's Ships.

WHEREAS an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances due for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on Board any of his Majesty's Ships:) And whereas it is just that the Provisions of the said Act should be extended to Marines serving on Board Ships in his Majesty's Service, and would conduce much to the Advantage of the Representatives of Seamen and Marines if the same were further extended, and certain Parts thereof explained and amended Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Letter of Attorney, or Will, made or execu^d by any Non-commissioned Officer of Marines,*or Marine, or Letter of Attorney made or executed by the Executor or Executors, or Administra-for or Administrators, of any such Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be good and valid, and sufficient for receiving the Whole or any Part of the Wages, Prize Money, or other Allowances of Money due, or which may hereafter become due, to such Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, or Marine, for their Services in the Navy, or to such Administrators or Executors, as the Representatives of such Non-commissioned Officers of Marines,

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 34. 205

or Marine, unless such Letter of Attorney, and Will, shall be made, executed, and attested in the Manner and Form, and agreeable to the Directions in the different Events specified and mentioned in the aforementioned Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and all Letters of Attorney, and Wills, so made or executed by any Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, for the Purpose of receiving and bequeathing all or any Part of their Wages, Prize Money, or other Allowances due to them, or Letters of Attorney made by such Executor and Administrator, for the Purpose of receiving Money due to him or them, as Representative of such Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine,

shall be transmitted, inspected, checked, and proved in the same Manner, and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures, as by the Act above-mentioned is directed and enacted in regard and with respect to Letters of Attorney, and Wills, made and executed by Petty Officers or Seamen in his Majesty's Service, or by the Executors and Administrators of such Petty Officers and Seamen, in so far as the afore-mentioned Act passed in the twenty-sixth Ye^r of the Reign of his present Majesty, is not repealed, altered, or amended, by this pFefent Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Letter of Attorney, or Letters of Attor-Order, made or executed by any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Ma- neycr o-.ders rine, who shall have been discharged from the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and who dQ^ 3rgred shall be at or within the Distance of seven Miles from any of the Ports where Seamen's Wages are paid for &c?«eCiItec'i* such Service, at the Time of making such Letter of Attorney, shall be good and valid and sufficient for re- within seven ceiving the Whole or any Part of the Wages, Prize Money, or other Allowances of Money due, or to grow Miiesof a Parc due, to such Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, for such Service, where Seamen'* unless such Letter of Attorney, or such Order, shall be figued before and attested by a Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy at such Port, or by the Inspector of Seamen's Will?, and Powers of Attorney; any Thing in the unief "attend ty aforesaid Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. - a clerk of the;

Treasurer of ihc Navy-,

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of An*v(l one thousand seven hundred and ninety two, when and lb often as any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Mamies, or Marine, shall be in anyways discharged from any Ship or Vessel in the Service of his Majesty, his Heir4* or Successors, the-Captain or Commanding Officer of such Ship or Vessl- shall make, or cause to be made out, a Certificate in the Manner and Form following, or to the like Effect:

c No

HP H E S E are to certify, That A.B. has served as 4 A jesty's Ship under my Command, from the

to the Day of Dated the of

A.B. is Feet Inches high, is of a

Years.'

And which he shall sign with his Name, and deliver, or cause to be delivered, to such Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, at the Time of his being discharged; and no Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall be entitled to receive his Wages, Pay, or other Allowances for Services on Board any Ship or Vessel in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, unless at the Time of paying such Wages, Pay, or Allowances, he shall be identified by one or more of the Commissioned or Warrant Offictrs who belonged to the Ship or Vessel at the Time, or during some Part of the Time for which he may so claim the Payment for such Services, or unless he produces a Certificate as above described, and directed to be delivered to him as aforesaid; and no Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, who Avail be discharged from any Ship or Vessel in the Service of his Majesty, into any other Ship or Vessel in such Service, shall be entitled to receive his Wages, Pay, or Allowances of any Kind, for his Service on Board of the Ship to which he shall have last belonged, unless he shall enter and be muttered three Times in the Ship or Vessel into which he shall be so discharged, or appear upon the Books of such Ship or Vessel into which he next goes to be regularly discharged therefrom; or if such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, be taken by the Enemy, unless he voluntarily return and enter on Board some Ship or Vessel in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in a reasonableTime after he shall be relcr.fed from Prison; or if the Ship or Vessel in which such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, last served be lost or destroyed, and the Crew, qr any Part of the Crew, be laved, unless he enters again in a reasonable Time on Board some Ship or Vessel in such Service; or if such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, be discharged from the Ship or Vessel to which he belonged, to any of his Majesty's Hospitals, unless he enters the Ship or Vessel to which he fnaii be discharged from such Hospital, or be discharged out of the Service; or unless, in any of the above specified Events, reasonable Cause shall be shewn, and allowed by the Commissioner of the Navy comptrolling such Payment, and the Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy making the same, for not producing such Certificate, or for Non-compliance with any Thing herein directed.

IV. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commis-. fioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, who shall be marked on the Books of any Ship or Vessel in the Service

of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as having run therefrom, shall receive his Wages, Pay, Prize Aloncy, or other Allowances of Money for such Ship or Vessel, unless such Mark shall be taken oft by Order of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Gnat or by Order of the Com-

- nufiiuners of his Majesty's Navy.

on Board of his Ala-Day of

Complexion, and aged

Captains to deliver to discharged Petty Officers, &c. a Certificate in the following Form.

Form of Certificate

No Petty Officer, &c. to be entitled to receive his Wages unless his Per ion oe identified by an Officer of the Ship, or unless he pr duces such a Cer:ifi:a'c; or if diLharged from «ne Ship into another; or tiken by the Fnemy; or fli'p-wrecked, unit Is becocnplies with the Regulations herein men* tiomd.

No Petty Officer, ifcc. who ha* run from a Ship shall ie(e»ve

unlcf? his Mttk be taken off.

2c6 C. 34., Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Ship or Vessel, having been twelve or more Calendar Months in Sea Pay, shall be or arrive in any Port of Great Britain where any Commissioner of the Navy shall be or refiJe, and Money shall have been issued for Payment of the Wages due upon the Books of such Ship or Vessel, sufficientTime shall bs allowed for fending to the Navy Office, preparing and examining the Books of the said Ship or Vessel; and the Wages due to the Officers or Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, or Marines, of or belonging to such Ship or Vessel, for the Time during which the said Books shall have been examining and preparing (which shall be done without Delay) shall fee reserved and kept in Arrear, over and above the six Months ordered to be left unpaid by an

____ r_ Act made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Att

for the Time the for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the Borjks are pre- funSlual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages; and for enabling them more castly and readily to remit »c7e^6 ?ovlr u>c Same for ioe Support of their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending fab hTto be Payments, any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

left unpaid pursuant to 31 Geo. 2. c. 10.

When Ships having been twelve or more Months in Cay, shall arrive where any Commissioner of the Navy reside% and Money shall be issued for piyii g them, the Wages

No Le'ter of Attorney to be passed bj the ] n-f >e£Vor, until a Certificate is produced in the following

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, no Letter of Attorney granted by any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall be passed, damped, and allowed of by the Inspectcr of Seamen's Wills and Powers of Attorney, until a Certificate is produced to him from the Captain or Captains, or Commanding Officer or Commanding Officers of the Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, to which the Grantor of such Letter of Attorney at the Time belonged, and for which the Wages, Pay, or Allowances to be received by such Letter of Attorney became due, and which shall be in the Manner and Form following, or to the like Effect:

Form5

N°

f IE S E are to certify, That A. B> has served as. on Board of his Majesty's Ship under my Command, from the to the

Dated the of

6 A.B. is Feet Inches high, is of a Complexion, and aged

Years.'

unless executed on Board agreeable to recued Act, or reasonable Cause be shewn for dispensing the tewith. An Order for any Sum not exceeding 7 1. may be given upon the Treasurer of the Navy to be atrested,

&c. as herein mentioned.

Who are to be

dermed L'etry Officer3, &c, within the Meaning of this and former Acts.

Months to be reckoned by the Calendar except in ihe Computation of Pay, &c. Lieutenants to fi^n their Njmes in Muller Book

Unless such Power of Attorney shall have been made on Board the Ship or Vessel for which he claimed Payment for his Services as aforesaid, and is executed in the Manner or Form directed by the before-mentioned Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or unless reasonable Cause shall be shewn to and allowed of by such Inspector of Seamen's Wills and Powers of Attorney, or Person authorised to act for him, for dispensing with all or any of such Certificate or Certificates.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Sum, not exceeding the Sum of seven Pounds, shall be due and payable, by the Rules of the Navy, to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, in respect of his Services in the Navy, it shall and may be lawful for such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, to give an Order in Writing for the Payment of the same, upon the Treasurer of the Navy, which Order shall be revocable as in the Case of Powers of Attorney, and shall be payable to the Person in such Order named, or to his Order; and the same shall be attested by the Captain or Commander, or any other of the signing Officers, or a Lieutenant of the Ship, on Board of which such Services were performed, accompanied with a Certificate from one of the signing Officers or Lieutenants of such Ship, certifying the Particulars of the Services of the Drawer of such Order, and the said Order and Certificate shall be laid before the said Inffiec-for, who shall examine the same, and if he fees no Cause to suspect the Truth and Authenticity thereof, he shall (lamp and pals the same for Payment; but if he shall see good Cause to suspect the Truth and Authenticity of such Order, he shall report the same to the Treasurer, or to the Paymaster of the Navy, and shall enter his Caveat against the same, which shall prevent any Money from being had and received thereon, until the same shall be authenticated to the Satisfaction of the said Treasurer or baymaster.

VIII. And, for the better explaining and distinguishing those Officers in his Majesty's Service who are herein described, and in former Acts have been described, Inferior or Petty Officers, and Non-commissioned Officers of Marines; and like wife for the better explaining ai\d distinguishing of that Part of the Cotnple- ment on Board his Majesty's Ships who are herein described, and in former Aits have been described, to be Seamen and Marines,' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Part of the said Complement of such Ship and Ships shall be, and are hereby declared to be, Petty or Inferior Officers, Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, or Marines, excepting such as are rated upon the Books of such Ships, Admirals or Flag Officers, and their Secretaries; Captains, and Lieutenants; Mailers, Second Matters, and Pilots; Physicians, Surgeons, Chaplains, Boatswains, Gunners, Carpenters, and Pursers; Captains of Marines, Captain Lieutenants of Marines, Lieutenants, and Quarter Matters of Marines.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That alb Months mentioned in this and preceding Acts of Parliament, relating to the Navy, shall be counted and reckoned Calendar Months', excepting only in the Computation of Pay, Wages, and other Allowances, which shall be computed and cast by reckoning twenty-eight Days to the Month, according to the usual Practice of the Navy.

X. And, for the Purpose of more eft'edtually preventing Frauds and Forgeries in the Execution and attest- ing of Letters of Attorney, Wills, Orders, or Certificates, made by or in Favour of Petty Officers, Sea-

7 4 men,

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 34.

men, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, or Marines/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Lieutenant on Board any of his Majesty's Ships shall, upon a Page of every Muster Book of such Ship, sign his Name, for the Purpose, and for the Purpose only, that the Inspector of Seamen's Wills, or J such Persons as shall be deputed by him, may have the Opportunity of comparing the same with the Name of any such Lieutenant, 2ttefting the Will, Letter of Attorney, Certificate, or Order, executed by or in Favour of any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Captains and Commanders of Ships shall, upon their Monthly Mutter Books or Returns, specify which of the Men mentioned in the find Returns have granted or ifitted any Will or Testament during that Month dr Space of Time from the preceding Returns, by inferring the Date thereof opposite to the Party's Name.

XII. And be it further enacted, That when ^nd so often as any Captain or Commander of any Ship or Vessel shall fail from any foreign Station at a Time when no Opportunity shall otter of transmitting to the Navy Board the Muster Books, Tickets, and Lifts, by'this or other Acts of Parliament directed to be made out and transmitted, then and in every such Case such Captain or Commander shall leave such Muster Books, Tickets, and Lifts with the Naval Officer, if any such Officer shall be and reside at such Place, or if there shall Be no Naval Officer at such Place, then and in that Case with some respectable Merchant, or other Perform with proper Directions to forward the same to the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, by the first fife Opportunity thereafter.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Captain or Commander shall be in anyways removed from any Ship or Vessel in his Majesty's Service', he shall deliver, or cause to be delivered over to his Successor, one compleat Muster Book, figfted by himself and the proper Officers, made up to the Time of such Removal, and for which he shall receive a Receipt fiorn the said Successor; and the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, are hereby strictly directed and required not to grant to any such Captain or Commander the General Certificate to entitle him to his Wages or Pay for such Ship or Vessel, unless such Receipt shall be produced to them, or unless thereto required by particular Order from the Lord Pligh Admiral of Great Britain, or from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or any three or more of such Commissioners, in Cases of Necessity, and on its being made appear to their Satisfaction, that the Directions herein-before given in this Behalf have been complied with, as far as the Nature of the Service would admit.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Minister of any Parish to whom the Inspector of Seamen's Wills shall transmit his Check of any Letter of Attorney, or Will, passed and allowed by him, to deliver the said Check to the Attorney or Executor in the said Letter of Attorney, or Will, named and appointed, any Thing contained in the said Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Letters of Attorney, and Wills, made prior to the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, by Petty Officers and Seamen belonging to any of his Majesty's Ships, or by the Executors or Administrators of such Petty Officers and Seamen, and every Letter ot Attorney, and Will, made by any Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or by the Executors or Administrators of such Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, or Marine, prior to the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, for the Purpose of receiving Money of any Kind in respect of his Services in the Navy, shall be inspected and examined by the Inspector of Seamen's Wills, for the Purpose of preventing Frauds, Forgeries, or Impositions of any Kind therein; and if such Inspector shall fee no Cause to suspect the Authenticity of the same, he shall affix the Stamp of his Office, and ifltte Checks for the same; but if he shall see good Cause to suspetft the Truth and Authenticity of such Letter of Attorney, or Will, he shall report the same to the Treasurer or to the Pay master of the Navy, and shall enter his Caveat against such Letter of Attorney, or Will, which shall prevent any Money from being had and received thereon, until the same shall be authenticated to the Satisfaction of the said Treasurer or Paymaster.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, belonging, or who shall have belonged to any of his Majesty's Ships, has died or hereafter shall die Intestate, leaving any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or Allowances of Money of any Kind due to him, in Vefpe£l of Services in his Majesty's Navy, the same shall not be paid, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, unto any Representative of such Intestate, but upon Letters of Administration, to be obtained in the following Manner;

(videlicetThe Person claiming such Administration shall fend or give in a Note or Letter to the Inspector of Seamen's Wills, dating the Name of the Dcccafed, the Name or the Ship or Ships to which he belonged, and that he has heard or been informed of his Death, and requesting the Inspector to give such Directions as may enable him to procure Letters of Administration to the Deceased, or to the like Effect, upon Receipt whereof the inspe&or of Seamen's Wills shall deliver or send to the Person claiming such Administration, a Taper in the Words and Form following, or to the like Effect;

32 Geo. III.

E e

‘SIR,

207

for th't Purpose of being compared with the A reflation of Wills, &c.

Captains in 'he Musters to fp :-ci'y which of the Men have granted Wills in the Month.

Captains faiTng from foreign Stations when r® Opportunity of transmitting Musters, Sec, offers, to leave them wirh the Naval Officer, &c.

Captain', whin removed, to deliver compUat Muster Books to their Successors, who are to give Receipts for the fanne, without which no General Certificate to be granted, See,

Parish Ministers may deliver Check", transmitted by the Inspe£lor of Seamen's Wills to Attorneys, &c. Letters of Attorney and Wills to be exami; ed by the Inspector, who shall iflfue Check?, or in case of Suspicion shall report to the Treasurer of the Navy, See,

Wage* of Persons dying Intestate to be paid only upon Admintf-tration, obtained in the Manner herein mentioned.

208

Form of Paper to be delivered by the Inspector to Representatives of Persons tying Imestate -p

mu ft be filed up and certified; and if the Inspetfor be fati'fied, he shall make out ar Certificate in the following Foim.

Form of Certificate.

C. 34. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

LIST.

ift Degree—Widow, ad Child.

3d Father.

4rh --- Mother.

5th - 1 Brother, or Sifter*

6h----- Grand-tather, or Grand-mother*

th Uncle, Aunt j Nephew, or Niece*

8th — — - Cousin-german.

qth —-----Cousin-german, once removed,

loth Second Couiln,

My Place of Abode is

c S I R,

TLjAVING obtained Information, That A\ B. born about the Year 17 at». ' and belonging to

his Majesty's Ship about the Year

died at in the Month of 17

without leaving any Will to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief; 4 I now apply for a Certificate to enable me to obtain Letters of Administration to his Effects, being his

and | nearest of Kin, no one, to the bed of my Know-

ledge and Belief, of a nearer Degree being living at the Time of the Death of the said Deceased, who died a of*VvS I

c. ds

c

hereby certify. That wc personally know the above subscribing C- D. and believe what j has stated to be true.

Beth Inhabitants of the Parish of

in the County of

E. F. 4 G.H.

c No

WE hereby certify, That the above E. F. G. H. are known to us, are Housekeepers, and Persons of good Repute*

Witness our Hands,

Dated at 1 / A\ Minider.

this Day > L. M. j Churchwardens

of 3 N. O. \ or Elders. J

N.B. Tf the Person applying is the Widow of the Party deceased, Ihe must forward, herewith, an Extract

from the Parish Regiller, or some other authentic Proof of her Marriage.

If the Deceased died, after he had left the Naval Service, an Extract from the Parish Regiller of his Barial,

« or some other authentic Proof of his Death, must likewise be sent to this Office.

If the Person applying knows any Proctor in Doflors Commons, orft£e is desired to mention his Name, that

he may be employed in obtaining the Letters of Administration.

This Application, when filled up and attelied, is to be sent by the General Poll, under Cover, directed to the

Treasurer or to the Paymaster of his Majesty's Navy, London

And upon the Receipt of the said Paper the Person claiming such Administration shall fill up, or cause to be filled up, the several Blanks in the first Part of the said Paper, according as the Truth may be, and shall duly subscribe the same; and two Inhabitants of the Parish within which the Person claiming such Administration shall reside, shall sign the fird Certificate on the said Paper, having previously filled up the Blanks therein agreeable to the Truth; after which the Minister and two Churchwardens, if in England, and two Elders, if in Scotland, shall sign the second Certificate upon the aforesaid Paper, the Blanks therein being firli filled up agreeable to the Truth; and the said Paper being in all Thirtgs completed according to the Directions thereon and hereby given, the same shall be returned, addressed to the Treasurer, or to the Paymaster of his Majesty's Navy, London, who upon receiving the same shall direct the Inspector of Seamen's Wills to examine the same, and make such Enquiry relative thereto as may appear to him necessary on that Behalf, and being satisfied, he shall forthwith make out a Certificate in the following Form, or to the like Effect:

Act of Parliament, 32 George III. Ch. 34.

C No

CERTIFICATE to obtain LETTERS of ADMINISTRATION.

Navy Pay-Office*

TJ AVING duly examined an Application made to this Office by C.D. of and*

County of dating that c^c is the ( ru\'fZ?nt [ next of Kin of A.B.

4.originally of and late a waiiac belonging to his Majesty's Ship

and who died Intedate, a ^tNc1hwiCrcror upon the Day of and without leaving

any one of a superior Degree ot Kindred to him; and it appearing that no Will of the Deceased has been lodged in this Office, I therefore grant this Abstract of said A ppheation, and certify that I believe what is therein dated to be true, and al.o that the said C.D. may obtain Letters of Administration to the Effects of the said Deceased, which appear not to exceed the Sum of Pounds; provided always that

1 I is otherwise entitled thereto by Law*

I, P Inspe£lor*

To

ProPor in Dotlors Commons* " 4

N.B. Tier

209

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 34.

« N.B. The previous Commission pr Requifnion is to be nddrefled agreeably to the Superftription of the within

Cover, in which the same is to be inclosed, and forwarded by the Proctor; and when the Conimi&on or Rc-

quisition shall be returned to this Ofdcc it will be forwarded to him, and he is then to fee out Letters of Administration, and fend them to the inspector, with ids Charge noted thereon.*

And after filling up the Blanks therein ns the Case may be, shall sign and acMicfs the same to a ProRor or Prodors in Doctors Commons, the said Inspector of Seamen's Wills shall at the same Time inclose and fend with such Certificate a Letter add relied to the i\i ini Ter and Churclnvatdcns, or Elders, as the Cale may be, of the Parish within which the Person applying for such Letters of Administration then resides; and the Treasurer or the Paymader of his AL.jefiy's Navy, or the said Inhector, or either of them, shall frank the said Letter, so as to carry the same, and the previous Cornmiflijn or Requiliuon to be inclosed therein, free of the Charge for Postage, and which Letter so to be addressed to the Mi nil ter, and to the Churchwardens or Elcfcis, as the Cale may be, shall be in the Words, figures, and Form following, or to the like E fil'd:

cho7lTdc'iTI of your Parish, from C.D. and owoiihe I next of Kiti of

N° Navy Pay-Office, Day of

Rev4 SIR,

TJrAVIN G received an Application attcfled by you and two

also of your Parish, llatinglthat 1 is the ______ t

A.B. late a s"uriieOP belonging to his Majesty's Navy, and requeuing Leave to administer to his

Effects;

I am directed by Act of Parliament of the thirty-second of George the Third, Ch. 34.. to forward you

the enclosed -| r^S'"uor foY the Purpoll of swearing oIlA accordingly; provided, to the bed of your

Knowledge and Belief, 1 0?*c I answers the Description contained in the same.

I am, Revd SIR,

Your mod obedient Servant,

/. P. Inspection.

f P. S. When the [ *SJaor is executed, you will please to return it, addressed To the Treasurer, or

To the Paymader of his Majesty's Navy, London;

And specify and describe the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Cudoms, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Check, whose Abode is neared to the Person applying, who will be directed to pay 1 w" I the Wages due to the Deceased.

To A.B.

Minister of the Par ish of 4 N.B. If the Application above-mentioned was not attestcJ by you, as dated therein, be pleased to return the enclosed ^u'2aoc immediately, that Means may be taken to discover the ImpositionP

And the Inspector, before he fends such Certificate as before directed to the Proctor in Dotfors Commons, shall fill up the Blanks therein agreeably to the Circumstances of the Case; and the Prodtor or Prodtors to whom such Certificate shall be addressed and sent, and which shall likewise enclose the Letter to the Minister, Churchwardens, or Elders, as aforesaid, shall, immediately upon Receipt of the same, sue out the previous Commission or Requifltion, or take such other proper and legal Steps as may be necessary towards enabling the Person so applying for Letters of Administration to the deceased lined ate, to obtain the same, and shall enclose such previous Commission or Requifnion, or other legal and neceihry Indrument, with Instructions for executing the same, in the Letter so to be addressed to the Minister and Churchwardens, or Elders, and which had been transmitted to him by the Inspection of Seamen's Wil s, along with the aforesaid Certificate, and shall forward such Letter and Inclosures as aforesaid by the General Pod, agreeably to the Address put thereon by the Treasurer of the Navy, the Paymader of the Navy, or the Inspection of Seamen's Wills.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Minister, and the Churchwardens, or Elders, as the Case may be, shall, immediately upon the Receipt of such Letter as aforesaid, with the previous Commission, or Requisition, or ether Instiuments inclosed therein, take such Steps as to them may (cem proper or necessary for procuring the Execution of such previous Commission or Requifnion, or ether Instrument transmitted by the Prodtor, to be executed, and, being lb executed, he or they shall tranbnit the same to the Treasurer, or to the Paymader of his Majesty's Navy, London; and if the Person applying for such Leiters of Administration shall be and relide. at a Didance from the Place where the Wages, Prize Money, or other Allowances of Money, due to the Deceased, are payable, he or they shall speeny and describe the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Check, who may be most convenient or neared to such Person applying for such Administration; and the said Treasurer or Paymader of his Majesty's Navy shall immediately upon the Receipt thereof, fend the said previous Commission or Requisition, or other legal Indrument, executed by the Person applying for the Administration as aforesaid, to the aforesaid Proctor in Dctlors Commons, who in pursuance therecl shall forthwith sue out and procure Letters of Administration in favour of the Person so applying for the same, in the Manner and Form above-mentioned, to the EHate and Efleets of tlvc Person who has lb died intellate as aforesaid.

roi/Tion when executed Co the ProSor, in order that Letters of Administration

Certificate to b« aii^refled to n Pro-for, w'th a L*tt«r tri m th*? in pcOc»r in the followup Form:

Form of thq Letter.

Prohor, on receiving Certiti-cate and Letter, to sue our a previous Chm million, and to transn.it the famr, with the Lett-r, to the MaUlcr.

Minirterf, on receiving such Commissions, to procure the Fxscution of them, and trar.f-mic them to the Pay Office. Persons living at a Pittance from PI ice» where Wage s are paid, to describe the n?~rett Receiver General of the Land Ta*, &c. Treasurer of the Navy to fend tho frevtou* Um. may be obtained.

210

Exteutori to obtain Probate* of Wills in the Manner herein dite&ed.

Form of Check to be fciven on lodging Wills at the Navj Pay Office.

On Return of Checks &c* to the Pay Office, the in pe&or to BO‘e ihe Wage* du'i and forward the Will t» ;he Prof":or, with a Letter in the following Form:

C. 34. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Petty Officer* Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marine®, or Marine, belonging, or who shall have belonged to any of his Majesty's Ships, has died, or hereafter shall die, and shall nave left a Will or Tdlament, appointing any Executor or Executors therein, any Pay, Wages, Prize Money, or Allowance of Money, which may have been due or owing to such Testator at the Time of his Death, shall not be paid Over to, or recovered by such Executor or Executors, but upon Probates of such Wills, to be obtained in the following Manner, (videlicetafter such Wills shall have been transmitted, inspected, and lodged in the Office of tee Treasurer of the Navy, as directed by the afore-mentioned Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Inspector of Seamen's Wills and Powers of Attorney shall issue, or cause to be issued, a Cheek in lieu thereof, with Directions to return the same upon the Testator's Death, and to which Check there shall be subjoined a Blank. Certificate, to be signed by two reputable Housekeepers of the Parish where such Executor is resident at the Time such Certificate shall be so returned to the Pay Office of the Treasurer of the Navy, certifying that they personally know and believe that he is the Person described as Executor in the said Check; and also another Blank Certificate, to be signed by the Minister of the said Parish, and two of the Churchwardens, or two Eiders of the same, as the Case may be, certifying that such two Per so ns who certified as above-mentioned are resident within the Parish, and of good Repute and such Check anff Certificates shall be in the Form and Words following, or to the like Effect:

N* CHECK.

Navy Pay-Office.

tT being directed by Ac^s of Parliament, twenty -sixth George III. Chap. 63. and thirty-second George 4 A III. Chap. 34.. That Wills granted by Perry Oinceis and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marine®, belonging to his Majesty's Navy, shall be lodged in this Office, for Purposes therein specified; and that a Check shall be issued lor every such Will, mentioning the particular Heads thereof, which, by virtue of the said Act, shall Band in place of the same;

This is therefore issued to shew Receipt at this Office of a Will, dated at

upon the Day of granted by A.B. now of

formerly of his Majesty's Ship in favour of 6'. D. and appointing E. F. Execut I Jf,

and which is attested by G. //. and I. K. The above E.F. upon the Telia tops Death is entitled, upon Production of this Check, to demand of this Office the Wages, Pay, or any other Allowances due to the Deceased; and that the above-mentioned Will be directed and lent to a Proctor in Doctors Commons, to obtain a Probate thereof, which is also to be lodged in this Office.*

'^'E hereby certify. That we personally know the above-described E.F. the present Holder of this Check: and that he is an Inhabitant of this Parish.

L. M.

N. O.

Both Inhabitants of the Parish of in the County of

WE hereby certify. That the above L.M. and N. 0. are known to us, are Housekeepers, and J^rfons of good Repute.

Witness our Hands,

At 1 P. Minister.

this Day > R. S. I Churchwardens 1

of J T. U. I or Elders. J

If the Testator dies after he leaves the Naval Service, a Certificate of his Burial, or some other authentic Proof of his Death, must likewise be sent to this Office.

If the Execut | knows any ProCtor in Doctors Commons, | is desired to mention his Name, that he

may be employed in obtaining the Probate.

The above Certificates are to be filled up upon the Testator's Death, and the Check to be sent by the General ' Poll, under Cover, directed to the Treasurer, or to the Paymaster of his Majesty's Navy, London? r

And the said Check having been with the Certificates duly filled up, returned to the Treasurer of the Navy, or to the Paymaster of the Navy, in the Event of the Testator's Death, and the said original Will having been passed and stamped in the Manner specified and directed by the aforesaid Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Inspector of Seamen's Wills, or the Persons authorised to act for him, shall note thereon the Amount of the Wages due to the said Deceased, and shall forward the said Will to such Proctor or Proctors in Dolors Com?nons as aforesaid, together with a Letter addressed to the Minister and Churchwardens, or Elders, as the Case may be, of the Parish within which the said Executor or Executors, applying for such Probate of Will, shall then relide; and the Treasurer or the Paymaster of his Majesty's Navy, or the said Inspector, or either of them, shall frank the said Letter, so as to carry the same, and the previous Commission or Requisition to be inclosed therein, free of Charge for Postage 5 and which Letter, so to be addresshd to the Minister and Churchwardens, or Elders, as the Case may be, shall be in the Words, Figures, and Form following, or to the like Effect:

4N*

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 34.

N° Nam Pay-Office. 179

Revd SIR,

XjrAVING received a Check, formerly issued by this Office, to which there are Certificates annexed, A attested by you and two Cho7tuicrr*CM I of your Parish, certifying that C.D. also of your Parish, is the Person defrribed in the said Check to be the Execut X. I to A.B. late a JEIK? I belonging to his Majesty's Navy, and requesting that a Probate of the Will of the said A* B. may be granted;

I am directed by Act of Parliament of the thirty-second of George the Third, Chap. to forward you the enclosed ^u7«tkTiT 1 and Copy of the Will, for the Purpose of swearing the Person so named Execut I Xx I accordingly. ‘

I am, Rev4 SIR,

Your most obedient Servant,

/. P. Inspector.

P. S. When the I %I is executed, you will please to return it, together with the Copy of the c Will, addressed

To the Treasurer, or

To the Paymaster of his Majesty's Navy, London;

And specify and describe the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Check, whole Abode is nearest to the Execut I who will be directed to pay 4 I I the Wages due to the Deceased.

47iA.B.

Mintfler of the Parish of

And the said Proctor having received the said Will, and the said Letter so written by the Inspector, shall immediately sue out the previous Commission or Requisition, or take such other proper and legal Steps as may be necessary towards enabling the said Executor or Executors, so applying for Probate of the said Will, to obtain the same, and shall endole such previous Commission or Recjuifition, or other legal and necessary In-itrument, with Inductions for executing the same, as also a Copy of the said Will, in the Letter so to be ad-drelied to the Minister, Churchwardens, or Elders, and shall forward such Letter and Enclosures as aforesaid by the General Poll, agreeable to the Acid refs put thereon by the Treasurer of the Navy, by the Paymaster of the Navy, or by the Infi>ecior of Seamen's Wills.

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Minister, and the Churchwardens, or Elders, as the Case may be, shall immediately upon Receipt of such Letter, as aforesaid, with the previous Commission or Requisition, or other Instruments enclosed therein, take such Steps as to them may seem proper or necestary for procuring the Execution of such previous Commission or Requisition, or other InstrumeYit directed by the Prodtor to be executed, and the same being so executed, he or they shall transmit the same to the Treasurer, or to the Paymaster of his Majesty's Navy, London; and if the Person applying for such Probate of Will fhalhbe and refidb at a Distance from the Place where the Wages, Prize A'loney, or other Allowances of Money due to the Deceased, are payable, he or they shall specify and describe the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collator of the Excise, or Clerk of the Check, who may be most convenient, or nearest to the Person applying for such Probate; and the said Treasurer or Paymaster of his Majesty's Navy shall immediately upon Receipt thereof fend the said previous Commissionf or Requisition, or other legal instruments, executed by the Person applying for the Probate as aforesaid, to the aforesaid Proctor in Doctors Commons, who in pursuance thereof shall forthwith lue out and procure such Probate.

Treasurer of the Navy to fend ihe previous Commission, when executed, to the Proltor t

XX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Person or Persons alledging him, her, or tfiemselves to be Creditor or Creditors of any. Petty Officer,* Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, dying intestate, or leaving a Will, of which the Executor or Executors shall renounce the Execution, or shall refuse to act thereupon, ftvall in that Character be desirous of procuring Letters of Administration, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or other Allowances or Money of any Kind, due to such Petty Officers or Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, or Marines, in respect of Services in his Majesty's Navy, the same shall not be paid unto any such Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid, but upon Letters of Administration, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, to be obtained in the following Manner, (videlicet:) Such Creditor or Creditors shall apply by Letter or Note to the Inspeblor of Seamen's Wilis, stating the Nature and Amount of his Demand; and if the Person upon whose Account the Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or other Allowances are due, shall have died after he left the Naval Service, such Creditor shall also exhibit a satisfactory Proof of such Death; and if he knows any Proctor in Dorters Commons, whom he may wish to employ, he shall mention his Name to the said Inspector, who shall further require a Certificate, signed by two reputable Housekeepers of the Parish where such Creditor is resident, certifying that they personally know him, and believe that he is the Person whom he describes himself to be, and also another Certificate from the Minister of the said Parish, and two of the Churchwardens, or two of the Elders of the same, as the Case may be, certifying that such two Persons who signed and certified as above-mentioned, are resident within the Parish, and of good Repute; and upon receiving such Certificates, together with a stated Account in Writing of such Creditor's Demand, he shall sign his Name to such Account exhibited by such Creditor, and shall also put a Sump thereon, in Token of his Approbation thereof; and every such Account, and the Vouchers exhibited by such Creditor, shall be kept by the said Inspector as V ouchers of the Accounts of the Treasurer of the

6. Navy,

2II

Form of the Letter*

Prrffcor, on receiving the Will and Letter, to sue out a previous Con milf-(ion and to transmit the same with the Letter to the Minister.

Minister®; on receiving such Commission?, to procure the Exe* cution of them, and transmit them to the Pay Office.

Persons living at a Distance from PI cee where Wages are paid, to def ribe the nearest Receiver General of the Land Tax; and > obtain Probates.

Creditor desirous of administering to Petty Officers, ‘ Seamen, &c. mud apply to the lnlpcdtor of Seamen's Wills, and state the Amount of hit Demand; dec.

Inspector to sign the Account, and make out a Certifies e of the Demand, and

£12

f< rward it to 1 Proper, with a Letter in the following Form i

Form of Letter.

Pro^Tf to take the neerflary Strp* to enable the C reditor for obtain Lexers of A'miiiUlrauon, &c.

?vl'nifl^r* and Churchwarden* to t.»ke the Sops nece(Or\ for cx-eewtin: Iodru -mcnf* as direc ted by the Proctor, and to transmit them to the Trea finer of the Navy, 5cc. Treasurer to fend such Instrument* to the Jrnft »r, that Letters of Adrni-niftrat'on may be obtained.

Balance, after payiny the Claim of the Creditor dminirtering, to remain with the Treasuref, &c.

At so^n as Letters of A dm in if-tration have been obtained and

C. 34. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

Navy, and such Inspection shall immediately make, or cause to be made out a Certificate, dating the Nature and Amount of such Creditor's Demand upon the Estate of fuc h Petty Officer, Seamen, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, as aforesaid, deceasi d, and lluiii sign and (lamp, and forward the same to the Protlor or Proctors in DofAors Commons as shall have been named by such Creditor, and he shall aifoenclofe and fend therewith a Letter addressed to the Minister and Churchwardens, or Elders, as the Case maybe, of the Parish within which the Person applying as Creditor for I :ch Letters of Administration then resides, and the Treasurer or Paymaster of his Majesty's Navy, or the LiJ Inspection, or either of them, shall frank the said Letter so as to carry the same, and the previous Commission or RequisitLon, or other necessary Instruments to be er.closed therein, free of the Charge te r Postage, and which Letter so to be addressed to the Mi-nifter, and to the Churchwardens, or Elders, as the Calc may be, shall be in the following Words, Figures, and Form, or to the like Effect:

No

Navy Pay-Office

179

Revd S I R,

TLTAVING received (Certificates, attested by you and two. I ClH,rtCIhw*n!en, I of your Parish, from C.D. X dating that he is resident therein, and ddiring to administer to the Effe£ls oi A.B. late of his Majesty's

Navy, as his Creditor;

I am directed, by Act of Parliament of the thirty-fecor.d of George the Third, Ch. 34. to forward you the enclosed ScqaTauSST for the Purpose of 1 wearing him accordingly.

I am, Itevd SIR,

Your most obedient Servant,

/. P. Inspector.

P. S. When the | is executed, you will please to return it, addressed

To the Treasurer, or

To the Paymaster of his Majesty's Navy, London;

And specify and describe the Receiver General of the Land lax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the ~ Excise, or Clerk of the Check, whose Abode is nearetl to the above Creditor, who will be directed to pay that Part of the Wages due to the Decealed which hCc I appears by Law entitled to receive.

To A.B.

Minjfler of the Par'ifh of

And the Prodtor or Proctors to whom the aforesaid Certificate shall be addressed and sent, and which shall likewise enclose the Letter to the Minister, Churchwardens, or Elders, as aforesaid, shall immediately upon Receipt of the same sue out the previous Commission or Requisition, or take such other proper and legal Steps as may be nee (Vary towards enabling the Person so applying as Creditor for Letters of Administration to such Decealed to obtain the same, and shall enclose such previous Commission^pr Requisition, or other legal and necefLry Instruments, with Lift ructions for executing the same, together with a Copy of the Will in Cases of Administration with the Will annexed, in the Letter so to be addressed to the Minister, Churchwardens, or Eiders, and shall forward such Letter and Inclosures as aforesaid by the General Post, agreeable to the Atldress put thereon by the Treasurer of the Navy, Paymaster of the Navy, or the Infj>e<Slor of Seamen's Wills; and if it shall be necessary to cite the next of Kin, Notice of such Citation shall be previously given to the said Inspector, who shall point out one or more publick Papers, in which such Citation shall be in felted.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Minister and Churchwardens, or "Elders, as the Case may be, shall, immediately upon the Receipt of such Letter as aforesaid, with the previous Commission or Requisition, or other Instruments, enclosed therein, take such Steps as to them may seem proper or necessary for procuring the Execution of such previous Commission or Requisition, or other lnftru-ment, directed by ihe Proctor to be executed, iflid, being so executed, he or they shall transmit the same to the Treasurer, or to the Paymaster of his Majesty's Navy, London; and if the Person applying for such Administration shall be and re fide at a Distance from the Place where the Wages, Prize Money, or other Allowance of Money due to the Decealed are payable, he or they shall specify and describe the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excile, or Clerk of the Check, who may be most convenient or neardl to such Person chiming such Administration; and the said Treasurer or ray* matter of his Majesty's Navy shall, immediately upon Receipt thereof, fend the said previous Commission or Requisition, ot other legal Instruments, executed by the Person applying for the Administration as aforesaid, to the aforesaid Proctor or Proctors in Dotiors Commons, who in pursuance thereof shall forthwith sue out an] procure Letters of Administration in favour of the Person so applying as Creditor for the same, in the Form and Manner above-mentioned, to the Estate and Efleets of the Person who has died as aforesaid, but which Letters of Administration may and shall only entitle such Administrator, as Creditor, to receive such Part of the Estate of such Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, as shall satisfy the Amount of the Claim or Demand made by him as aforesaid, together with Expences incurred in establflhing his Right as aforesaid to receive the (lime, and the Balance of such Intestate's Estate (if any) after satisfying the Demand of such Creditor, and Expences incurred, shall remain in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, subject to the Claim and Demand of any other Creditor, next of Kin, or Executor, to take and receive the same, when legally authorfted so to do.

XXII. And be it further enacted That as loon as atly Letters of Administration, or Probates of Wills, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, have been obtained, and passed the Seal of the proper Court, in the Manner herein-before directed in the different Events herein-before speciffed, the Pro£lor or Prodlors. , 7 who

by

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 34.

who have sued out the same shall immediately fend such Letters of Administration, or Probates of Wills, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, addressed to the Treasurer or to the Paymaster ofjiis Majesty's Navy, together with an Account of his or their Charges and Expences in obtaining the fyme, which said Charges and Expences shall not exceed the Sum or Sums herein after allowed to be charged in the different Events herein after specified; and the said Treasurer or Paymaster of his Majesty's Navy, upon receiving such Letters of Administration or Probates of Wills, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, shall direct the Inspector of Seamen's Wills, or the Person authorised to act for him, to issue, or cause to be issued, a Check, containing the Heads of such Letters of Administration, or Probate of Will, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, as the Case may be; and the said Inspector, or the Person authorised to act for him, shall notevthereon the Amount of the said ftroflor or Procftors Charges and Expences, provided the same shall be at and after the Rates herein after allowed to be charged, and likewise specify and describe upon the said Check the Revenue Officer or Clerk of the Check, residing as aforesaid nearest to the Administrator or Executor so to be named in such Check, if such Communication shall have been made to him *, and in Cases of Letters of Administration, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, granted to Creditors, he shall also note upon such Check the Amount due to such Creditors, and which Check of Letters of Administration, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, so prepared, fhdl be delivered over by him to the said Administrator, and which Check of Probate of Will shall be delivered over by him to the said Executor, together with the Copy of the Will which had been transmiued to him by the Proctor or Proctors in Doctors Commons, the said Copy being first stamped by the Inspector, if the said Administrator, or the said Administrator with Will annexed, or the said Executor, as the Case may be, shall be present or demand the same in Person; but if he shall not be present, but be and reside at a Distance, then and in that Case the said In-spector shall deliver such Check, and such Copy of Will, to the Deputy Paymaster, and which shall be in the following Form, or to the like Effect:

‘ N° CHECK.

c Navy Pay-Office, Day of

% tT being directed by Acts of Parliament, twenty-sixth George the Third, Chap. 63. and thirty-second

A George the Third, Chap. 34. that Letters of Administration, and Probates of Wills, granted to the Re- presentatives of Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, belongs ing to his Majesty's Navy, shall be lodged in this Office, as Vouchers to the Treasurer for Payments made thereon, and that a Check shall be issued for every such Administration and Probate of Will, and Adminif-

tration with Will annexed, specify ing the particular Heads thereof, which by virtue of the said A tl shall stand in place of the same;

This is therefore issued to shew Receipt at this Office of

C.D. of in the County of

of A.B. late of his Majesty's Ship dated

No

Remittance Bill to be addressed to at

AduiLnitliation. with Win annexed

1 Admin iii rat

Extcut

Adoxiuiflrat with Will annexed J

Day of

_. I'Letters of Administration

The aforesaid with win were sued out by

? Prodlor in Doflors Commons, whole Charges amount to

\To the Deputy Paymaster of the NavyP

6 I. P. Inspector.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Sum not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds shall be due for the Services as aforesaid of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, deceased, in order that the Widow, next of Kin, Creditor, or Person named as Executor in any Will or Testament of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, may not be put to great Expence, it shall and may be lawful for the Inspec-for of Seamen's Wills, after having taken the previous Steps to ascertain the Justness of their respective Claims to Probate or Administration, or Administration with Will annexed (in like Manner as he has been herein-before directed to take in Cases of granting Certificates to Doctors Co?nmons for Letters of Administration, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, or for Probates of Wills) to issue or cause to be issued a Certificate in the following Form, or to the like Effect:

c Act of Parliament, thirty-second Gcorre III. Chap. 34. c N° C E RT 1 F I CA TE.

Navy Pay-Office, Day of

c HAVING duly examined a Claim presented to me as Inspector of Seamen's Wills, £sV. by A.B. of ‘. in the County of stating that £ is the '

, of C D ongmally of - and lately a | belonging to his Majesty's Ship

and who died at on the

« If I therefore hereby certify. That I believe the Contents as therein stated to be true, and also that the said I r' jS7^nti!ltcl to receive whatever Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances of Money may be due to me laid Deceased, provided the Amount thereof docs not exceed the Sum of ten Pounds.

Remit-

pa (led, the Proctor ro lend them ro the Treifuier or P.tymaster of the Navy, who are to direct the Inspection to issue a Check, &c.

Form of Check,

If the Sum due exceeds not 10 ! the Inspefior to iHue a Certificate.

Form of Certt-.ficate.

214

Certificate to be delivered to the Widow, &c. if prefi nt, ouicr-wife to *he Deputy Paymaster.

Deputy Pavmaf-

ter, O'l receiv.ng Checks or Certificates, to compute the Wig<*« due, and the Balance to be paid, &.'Ct

If the Party reside at a Distance, a Remit* tance Bill to be made out for the Balance*

Form of Remit* taoce Bill,

Remittance Bill to be fijned, &c. as in Cases of Parties defifing Wages to be remitted at the Pay of a Ship by 31 Geo. a* c. zo. Sc c*

C. 34. Anno triceumo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

Remittance Bill to be addiefied to at

s 4 /. P. Inspector.

To the Deputy Paymaster of the Navy, 'll'bo shall take Care to note

hereon ail Sums which he shall pay, or cavje to be paidy upon the Authority of the Jartud

And which Certificate, so prepared, shall be delivered overby him to the said Widow, next of Kin, Creditor, or Person named as 1 xecutor, if he or they shall be present* but if he or they shall not be pi dent, hut be and reiide at a Distance, then and in that Calc the said Inspector shall specify and ddcribe upon the said Certificate the Revenue Officer residing as aforesaid nearest to such W idow, next-of Kin, Creditor, or Person named as Executor, and shall deliver such Certificate to the Deputy Paymaster.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Deputy Paymaster, upon receiving such Check, or such Certificate, addielled to him, as the Case may be, shall cause the Whole of the Wages due thereon to be calculated and ascertained in the usual Manner, in which Calculation, Consideration shall be had to the Prcxftor's Charge, if any such Charge shall have been incurred, which shall be abated and deducted from the said Wages, and be immediately paid to the said Proctor, or some Person authorised to receive the same on his Behalf, and the Amount due on such Check, or Certificate, as the Cale may be, being lo ascertained, and the Proctor's Charge, where there may be any, being so deducted, tnc Xet Balance, or that Part of the Net Balance which may be due to the Administrator, Executor, idow, next of Kin, or Person named as Executor or Creditor, shall immediately be paid to him or them, if he or they shall be present ;«and the Check or Certificate upon which the same was so paid shall also be delivered to him or them, that it may be and remain in his or their Hands, and (land in place and in itead of Letters of Administration, or Probate of the Will, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, as an Authority to receive whatever other Sums may be due or become due to the Ellate of such DcceafeiL

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Executor or Administrator, Widow', next of Kin, or Creditor, or Person named as Executor, shall not be present, but be and reiide at a Distance, the said Deputy Paymaster, or Treasurer's Clerk, shall make out, or caulc to be made out, a Remittance Bill or Bill for the Net Balance, or that Part of the Net Balance ascertained as aforesaid, and which shall be in the following Form, or to the like Effect;

No

SIR, pAY to B. C. of

Day of

on

kts

her

their

To

rer

1

s.

L

producing and delivering the Duplicate hereof, the Sum of ' being on Account of the Wages of D. E.

belonging to his Majesty's Ship the if the same be demanded within

six Calendar Months from the Date hereof, otherwise you are to return this Bill to the Treasurer of the Navy, at the Pay-Office of the Navy, London.

The Receiver General of the Land Tax in the County of The Collector of the Customs at the Port of The Collector of the Excise at The Clerk of the Check at

Signed Attelled

By virtue of the Act of the thirty-second of George the Third. c N- B. The personating or falsely affirming the Name and Character of any Person entitled to receive the Wages of any Inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or procuring any other to do the same, in order to receive Wages due to such Officer or Seaman, Non- commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by the thirty— 4 second of George the Third.

F* G, Commissioner of the Navy.

H. L Clerk to the Treasurer of the Navy*

The Officer to whom the within Bill is addressed, is directed by Ad 32 Geo. III. Chap. 34. to examine the € Duplicate thereof when presented, and inquire into the Truth, by the Oath of the Person presenting the same; and being satisfied, he is to testify to that Purpose upon the Back of the Bill, and pay the Amount without Fee or Reward; but if he shall not be able to pay the Amount, from not having Publick Money sufficient in his Hands, he shall note the Cause of his refusing Payment, and shall appoint another Day, within one Month at furthest from that Time, and shall deliver back the Bill, so noted, to the Person presenting it. And if, upon Complaint to the Commissioners, it shall appear that the Officer to whom this is addressed has unnecessarily de- layed Payment, taken any Fee, or made any Deduction whatsoever, he shall be fined a Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds.'

And which Bill shall be signed, attested, forwarded and transmitted in the Manner directed in Cases of Parties desiring their Wages to be remitted at the Pay of a Ship, by the aforesaid Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty; and which Remittance Bills shall be made payable to such persons only as shall be expressed as Administrators, Executors, Widows, next of Kin, or Creditors, in the Check or Certificate ifllied as before directed by the In(pe£lor; and all the Money payable by the Treasurer of the Navy upon such Check of Administration, or Probate of Will, with Copy of Will annexed, being made into a Remittance Bill or Bills, the Treasurer's Clerk shall examine the said Check, and if it shall appear that there are no further Sums due by the said Treasurer of the Navy, but that the full Sum due by him upon such Authority

On Production of the DuplLae of a RetTiiitance Bill to aay Ue-cei\er General of the Land Tar, &c. within six Months from the Date, he shall examine into the Trirh of it upon Oath, and pay the same without Fee; but if not produced wi'hin six Months the same shall be returned to the Treasurer oT the Navy, &c.

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 34. 215

thority has been paid and satisfied, his said Clerk shall enclose the said Check, together with the said Copy of "Will, in the Letter or Cover which contains the Bill of Remittance, and forward it by the same Conveyance to the Administrators, or Executors, Widows, next of Kin, or Creditors, that it may be and remain in their Hands, and (land in Place and in Stead of the original Administration, or Probate of the Will, as an Authority to receive whatever other Sums may be due or become due, to the Estate of such Deceased.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as the Duplicate of any Remittance Bill or Bills made out in favour of or granted in the Manner herein-before diiedled in the different Events specified, to any Administrator, Executor, Widow, next of Kin, Creditor, or Person named as Executor to any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, (half be produced and delivered to any Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Check, in Great Britain respectively, within six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, he is hereby required and enjoined to examine such Duplicate, and esquire* into the Truth thereof, by the Oath of the Person producing the same, which Oath he is hereby authorised and directed to administer, and upon being duly satisfied to testify the same on the Back of such Bill, and immediately to pay to the Person or Persons to whom such Bills mail be made payable, and who shall be entitled to receive the same, without Fee or Reward on any Pretence whatsoever, the Surn contained in such Bill, taking his, her, or their Receipt for the same on the Back thereof, which Bill so paid, upon being produced and delivered, together with the Duplicate thereof, at the Navy Office, shall be immediately assigned for Payment by three or more Commissioners of the Navy, and shall be immediately repaid by the Treasurer of the Navy to such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, Clerk of the Check, or to the Order of any of them respectively who shall have paid such Bill; but in case the Duplicate of such Bill shall not be produced and delivered, and the Payment thereof be demanded within six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, then the said Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Check, shall return such Bill to the Treasurer of the Navy, who shall cause such Bill to be immediately cancelled, and from and after the cancelling thereof, the Suin so contained in such Bill shall accrue and become payable to such Executor, Administrator, Widow, next of Kin, Creditor, or Person named as Executor to such Inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, for whose Wages or Pay it was made out, or to their lawful Representatives in case they shall be dead, in the same Manner as if such Bill had never been issued.

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Check, to whom the Duplicate of any of the Bills herein-before directed to be made out and addressed to him as aforesaid shall be tendered for Payment, shall not then have in his Hands Publick Money sufficient to answer the same, and shall for that Reason refuse or delay the immediate Payment thereof, such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Check, shall immediately indorse on the Back of the said Duplicate the Day of its being so tendered to him, and the Cause of his Refusal or Delay to pay the same, and shall appoint thereon, for the Payment of such Bill, some future Day, within the Space of one Month at the farthest from the Day of its having been first tendered to him as aforesaid, and such Duplicate, with the Indorsement thereon, shall immediately be delivered back to the Person presenting. the same; and if upon Complaint to be made to the respective Commissioners appointed by his Majesty,

-his Heirs or Successors, to manage the said several Duties of the Land Tax, Customs, or Excise, or to the Commissioners of the Navy if the Person complained of be a Clerk of the Check, it shall appear that such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excile, or Cleric of the Check, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed the Payment of such Bill, or that such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Check, or any Person employed by or under any of them, hath directly or indirectly received or taken any Fee, Reward, Gratuity, Discount, or Deduction whatsoever, on Account of the Payment of the said Bill, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the said Commissioners to convict and fine any such Offender under their respective Direction in any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, and such Fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Conviction may be made, and any Penalty or Fine may be levied and recovered, for any Offence against any Law by which any Custom or Excise is imposed or laid; and the said Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers against such Offender or Offenders.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Bill and Bills. Duplicate and Duplicates respectively herein-before directed to be made out and paid as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken as good and sufficient Vouchers for the Treasurer of the Navy for so much Money as shall have been so directed to be paid upon all or any such Bill or Duplicate respectively, and as shall have been paid by him thereon, and shall be allowed as such in passing his Accounts.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Person, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly act and assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting any Petition for a Certificate, herein-before described or mentioned, to enable any Person or Persons to obtain Letters of Administration to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer or Private of Marines, v\ho shall have served on Board any Ship or Vessel of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or shall utter or publish as true any Petition for a Certificate, herein-before described or mentioned, to enable any Person or Persons to obtain Letters of Administration to any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer or Private of Marines, who shall have served on board any Ship or Vessel of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly ad and assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting

31 Geo. III. F f any

If Receiver Ge* nera!, &c< shall not have Money in Hand when Duplicates are tendered, he shall appoint a Day for Payment within a Month, &c.

Penalty on Receiver Genera), &c. delaying Payment, or taking Fees;

Bills and Duplicates to be allowed in passing the Accounts of the Treasurer of the Navy. Persons forging Certificates, Check?, &c. to suffer Death.

21 <5 C. 34. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

any Certificate for enabling him, her, or them to obtain Probate, or Letters of Administration with the Will annexed, or any Check, Remittance Bill, or Duplicate of Remittance Bill, or any Certificate to the Deputy Paymaster, in respect of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances of Money, not exceeding ten Pounds, herein-before severally described or mentioned, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, due or supposed to be due for or on Account of the Service of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer or Private of Marines, on board any Ship or Vessel of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or shall utter or publish astrueany Check, Remittance Bill, or Duplicate of Remittance Bill, or Certificate, to the Deputy Paymaster, in respect of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances of Money, not exceeding ten Pounds, herein-before severally described or mentioned, in order to receive any Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, due or supposed to be due for or on Account of the Service of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer or Private of Marines, on board any Ship or Vessel of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited, then every such Person, being lawfully convicted of any such Offence or Offences, according to the due Course of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

Te»ty Officer?, XXX, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August Seamen, &c. at- one t|10ufan(j seven hundred and ninety-two, if any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of cXe thei^Pay Marines, or Marine, shall receive his Pay, or shall attempt to receive the same, or any Part thereof, upon In forged Certi- any Certificate, purporting to be a Certificate of Servitude, or a Certificate of Discharge, knowing the same ficare^ or assist- to be forged or counterfeited, or if any such Petty Officer by himself, or by employing others, shall assist in hig In forging the forging or counterfeiting of any such Certificate, every such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned

rbenn, to be pu- Officer of Marines, or Marine, being thereof convicted, shall be punished as in Cases of Perjury.

n shed as inLalcs '

Sums to be paid

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of for Probates of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, no Ecclesiastical Court, Pro£tor or Procftors in such Wills, or Letters Courts, nor any Person or Persons whatsoever, under any Pretence, shall take and receive any more than of Administra- the gum of fifteen Shillings and two Pence, for the Seal, Parchment, writing, and suing forth the Probate of Executors o^rt0 any Will, granted to the Executors of any Warrant or any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Of-t>eltficer of Marines, or Marine, for the Purpose of receiving Wages or Pay, or Allowances of Adoney of any Kind which shall remain due to such Warrant or Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, at the Time of his or their Death, for his or their Services in his Majesty's Navy, and for the Pains, Trouble, and Expence, attending the suing forth such Probate, nor more than the Sum of one Pound four Shillings and two Pence for Letters of Administration, granted to the next of Kin of any Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, unless the Goods and Chattels of such Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, do amount to the Vslue of twenty Pounds, nor more than the Sum of one Pound eight Shillings and eight Pence for any such Probate granted to the Executors of any Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine; nor more than the Sum of one Pound seventeen Shillings and eight Pence for any such Letters of Administration granted to the next of Kin of any Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, unless the Goods and Chattels of such Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, do amount to the Value of forty Pounds; nor more than the Sum of one Pound eleven Shillings and two Pence for any such Probate granted to the Executors of any Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines* or Marine; nor more than the Sum of two Pounds eight Shillings and six Pence for any such Letters of Administration granted to the next of Kin of any Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, unless the Goods and Chattels of such Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Amarines, or Amarine, do amount to the Value of sixty Pounds; nor more than the Sum of one Pound thirteen Shillings and eight Pence for any such Probate granted to the Executors of any Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine; nor more than the Sum of two Pounds eleven Shillings for any such Letters of Administration granted to the next of Kin of any Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, unless the Goods and Chattels of such Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, do amount to the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and in all Cases where it shall be necessary to issue Commissions or Requisitions to swear the Executors or Administrators of such Warrant or Petty Officer* Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Amarine, no Ecclesiastical Court, Pro&oror Prohors in such Court, nor any Person or Persons whatsoever, under any Pretence, shall take or receive more than the Sum of fifteen Shillings for the Seal, Parchment, writing, and suing forth of any such Commission or Requi-fition, and for the Pains, Trouble and Expence attending the same, unless the Goods and Chattels of such Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, do amount to the Value of twenty Pounds; nor more than the Sum of one Pound three Shillings, unless the Goods and Chattles of such Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, do amount to the Value of one hundred Pounds.

Snrvrs to be paid

XXXII. Provided always, That no Ecclesiastical Court, Protftor or Proiftors in such Court, nor any lor Probates of Person or Persons whatsoever, under any Pretence, shall take and receive any more than the Sum of fix Shi!-lings for the Seal, Parchment, writing, and suing forth the Probate of any Will granted to the Executors of lion, g,anted *<o any Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, such Executors widows, cm* being the Widow, Children, Father, Mother, Brother, or Sifter, of any such Warrant or Petty Officer, drco,&c. Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, for the Purpose of receiving Wages or Pay, or

8 Allowances

217

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 34.

Allowances of Money of any Kind, which shall remain due to such Warrant or Petty Officer, or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, at the Time of his or their, Death, for his or their Services in his Majesty's Navy, and for the Pains, Trouble, and Expence attending the suing forth such Probate; nor more than the Sum of fourteen Shillings for the Letters of Administration granted to the Widow, Children, Father, Adother, Brother, or Siller, of any such Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, unless the Goods and Chattels of such Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-Commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, do amount to the Value of twenty Pounds; nor more than the Sum of nineteen Shillings and Sixpence for any such Probate granted to the Executors of any Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, such Execucor being the Widow, Children, Father, Mother, Brother, or Sifter as aforesaid; nor more than the Sum of one Pound seven Shillings and six Pence for any such Letters of Administration granted to the Widow, Children, Father,

Mother, Brother, or Sifter, of any such Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, unless the Goods and Chattels of such Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, do amount to the Value of forty Pounds; nor more than the Sum of one Pound three Shillings for any such Probate granted to the Executors of any Warrant or Petty Officer,

Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, such Executors being the Widow, Children, Father, Mother, Brother, or Sifter, as aforesaid; nor more than the Sum of one Pound eleven Shillings for any such Letters of Administration granted to the Widow, Children, Father, Adother, Brother, or Sifter, of any such Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, unless the Goods and Chattels of such Warrant cr Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, do amount to the Value of sixty Pounds; nor more than the Sum of one Pound seven Shillings and Sixpence for any such Probate granted to the Executors of any Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, such Executors being the Widow, Children, Father, Mother,

Brother, or Sifter as aforesaid; nor more than the Sum of one Pound fifteen Shillings and six Pence for any such Letters of Administration granted to the Widow, Children, Father, Adother, Brother, or Sifter, of any such Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioneed Officer of A/iarines, or Marine, unless the Goods and Chattels of such Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, do amount to the Value of one hundred Pounds; and in all Cases where it shall be necessary to jflue Commissions or Requisitions to swear Executors or Administrators, being the Widow, Children, Father, Mother, Brother, or Sifter, of such Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, no Ecclesiastical Court, Prodlor or Prodtors in such Court, cr any Person or Persons whatsoever, under any Pretence, shall take or receive more than the Sum of twelve Shillings for the Seal,

Parchment, writing, and suing forth of any such Commission or Requisition, and for the Pains, Trouble, and Expence attending the same, unless the Goods and Chattels of such Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, do amount to the Value of twenty rounds; nor more than the Sum of fifteen Shillings and six Pence, unless the Goods and Chattels of such Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Amarine, do amount to the Value of forty Pounds; nor more than the Sum ofiixteen Shillings and six Pence, unless the Goods and Chattels of such Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, do amount to the Value of sixty Pounds; nor more than the Sum of eighteen Shillings and six Pence, unless the Goods and Chattels of such Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, do amount to the Value of one hundred Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it hereby further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand No more tin* seven hundred and ninety-two, no Ecclesiastical Court, nor any Person or Persons whatsoever, save as here- Sums herei* in-before mentioned, under any Pretence, shall take and receive more than the Sum of five Shillings for the rPecified (except Seal, Parchment, writing, and suing forth of the Probate of any Will, or any Letters of Administration *s ^Tu/bc*1*

t ranted to the Widow, Children, Father, Adother, Brother, or Sifter, of any such Warrant or Petty Officer, palTWr Probates eaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, and for the Pains, Trouble, and Expence at- of wjin or Let-tending the suing forth such Probate or Letters of Administration, unless the Goods and Chattels of such ters.of Adminif-Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, do amount to the tratio.n sranted Value of one hundred Pounds; and in all Cases where it shall be necessary to issue Commissions or Requifi- for^ntc«Sunder tions to swear the Widow, Children, Father, Adother, Brother, or Sifter, being Executors or Administrators 100 L C of any such Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, no Ec- '

clefiastical Court, nor any Person or Persons whatsoever, save as herein-before mentioned, under any Pretence, shall take or receive more than the Sum of five Shillings for the Seal, Parchment, writing, and suing forth of any such Commission or Requisition, and for the Pains, Trouble, and Expence attending the same, unless the Goods and Chattels of any such Warrant or Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, do amount to the Value of one hundred Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, in all Cases where it Bill of Keenest shall be necessary to grant Letters of Administration, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, to ar.y on Letters of Creditor or Creditors of such Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, Administration the Prodlor or Proctors suing forth, or causing the same to be sued forth, shall make out a Bill of Coils, £[anted 10 Cre-which he or they may have actually paid for Stamps, or Fees, in the Ecclesiastical Court, or otherwise or befcrV the Bel* elsewhere, and which Bill of Expences shall also contain an Account of Charges for his or their Pains giftersofth* " and Trouble in every Thing attending or relating to the suing out, or causing to be sued out, such Prerogative Letters of Administration, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed; which Bill of Expences Court»ro and Charges the said Prodlor or Prodtors shall lay before the Registers of the Prerogative Court of Cav.- taxcd»cctCr terbury, or certain Deputies authorised to act for them, to be examined and taxed, and the said &egifters

2l8

Fee to Register for taxing.

Pro£ors to for-wjr.i Letters of Administration and Certificate of Expences to the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy.

Penalty on Proctors, &c. taking more than the prescribed Sums for Probate*,&c, and

on Officers of the Ecclesiastical Court, procuring Probates, &c. contrary to this AO, or 26 Geo. 3. c. 63.

The Treasurer

or Paymaster may allow a reasonable Charge for extraordinary Expences, &c.

9o much of 26 Geo. 3. c. 63. a» is n >t hereby repealed, to continue in force*

C. 34, 35. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

and Deputy Registers are hereby authorised to examine and tax the same; and which Bill of Costs and Charges, after having been so examined and taxed by the said Registers of the Prerogative Court of Canter-lury, or by their Deputies, or by any one of the said Registers, or by any one of the said Deputies, they shall certify the same, or that Part of the same which lemains after being so taxed, to be fair and equitable Charges, according to the usual Fees allowed, and customary Charges made by Prodors in DoSIors Commons, and then shall return the said Letters of Administration, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, and the said Bill of Expences and Charges, to the Proctor or Prodtors who shall have so laid the same before them, and which Bill of Costs and Charges shall be allowed to contain a Fee of three Shilings and four Pence to be paid to the said Registers, or to the said Deputy Registers, who shall have so taxed and examined the same; and when the said Prodtor or Prodtors have finally obtained such Letters of Administration, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, granted to the Creditors of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commi (Tinned Officer of Marines, or Marine, and such Bill of Expences and Charges, certified as here- ' in-directed, he or they shall forward such Letters of Administration, and Letters or Admin.stration with Will annexed, and Certiiicatcs of Expences and Charges, to the Treasurer, or to the Paymaster of his Majesty's Navy; and if any OiEcer or Officers, Proctor or Proctors, or any other Person or Persons, shall pre-lume to take any more than the several Sums herein-before allowed and directed to be taken, in the different Events specified, for the Charges of Probates, Letters of Administration, Corn millions, and Requisitions, in the Manner herein particularly mentioned and expressed, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered with fuli Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at IV:Ji?nirJtei\ or elsewhere; or if any Register or other Officer of any Ecclesiastical Court shall knowingly and wilfully be aiding or assisting in procuring Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration, for the Purpose of enabling any Person or Persons to receive the Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or Allowance of Money of any Kind due, or becoming due for the Services of any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, on board any Ship or Ships, then or formerly belonging to his Majesty or his Predecessors, or Heirs and Successors, otherwise than in the Manner prescribed by this Act, and the other Act herein-before mentioned, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, every such Prodtor, Register, or other Officer, shall for ever after be incapable of acting as Proctor, Register, or in any other Capacity, in any Ecclesiastical Court in Great Britain, and shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be sued for, recovered, and levied, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and one Half of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be and belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and one Half to him or them who shall discover, inform, or lue for the same.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any extraordinary Pains, Trouble, or Expence has attended the fifing out Letters of Administration, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, to the Widows or next ot Kin, or Probates of Wills to the Executors of any such Petty Officers or Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, or Marines, the Proctor or Prodors who have sued out the same may, in consideration thereof, make an Addition, in Proportion to the said extraordinary Pains, Trouble, and Expence, to his or their Bill of Charges and Expences, and which appearing reasonable, the Inspector shall allow and pass the same; but if the iame shall appear unreasonable or exorbitant to the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy, in that Case the said Bill of Charges and Expences shall be returned to DoBors Commons, to be checked and taxed as aforesaid by the Registers, or any one of them, or by the Deputy Registers, or any one of them, who are hereby directed so to do without Fee or Reward, unless the said Charges and Expences shall have arisen in consequence of any Litigation or Suit respecting the obtaining or suing out such Letters of Administration, Letters of Administration with Will annexed, or Probate of Will, in which Cases the said Registers, or Deputy Registers, shall be permitted to charge and take the aforesaid Fee of three Shillings and four Pence.

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly declared, That so much of the said Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as is not repealed by tins Ad, shall remain in full Force and Efted.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Oideis, or other Orders loft, burnt, or other wise destroyed.

" 2,300,000l. may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund 5 which may be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills on the Credit of the said Fund. Money lent on Security of this Act not to be rated to any'Fax. 44 Tallies of Loan to be struck, fsfe. Orders for Repayment to be registered and paid in Coarse. No Fee to be taken for registering, OV. on Penalty of treble Damages and Costs. Not to be deemed undue Pre- ference which Orders of the same Date brought the same Day, are entered firlf, so they are all entered \ 44 nor if subsequent Orders are paid before prior ones not brought for Payment, if Money be reserved to discharge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the Sum hereby granted to be raised by Exchequer Bills, in the Manner prescribed by the Land Tax Ad of this Session; the Provisions of which Ad (except such as charge the Bills on the Land Tax, and limit the Rate of Interest) to extend to this. Bills and Interest, iSc^to be discharged out of the Consolidated Fund. Bank may advance Money on the Credit

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 35, 36. 219

"of this Act. 155,495 / igs* zq. Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, on January 5, 1792; 21111436,107l.

w iij. 2^/. Surplus ol ditto on April 5, 1792, to be issued towards the Supply.-Monies raised by the

Land Tax, Malt Act, and Loans, 3,500,000l. Further Loans, 2,000,000l. Lottery; 155,49;/- 19 s.

2 q. Surplus of the Consolidated Fund on "January 5, 1792; 436,107l. 11 s. 2 d. Surplus of ditto on April 44 5, 1792; 2,300,000l. hereby granted out of the Consolidated Fund, shall be applied (with the Residue of the Sale of French Prizes) to the Uses hereafter expressed.-----1,854,482l. for Naval Services 1792.

131,000l. for Navy Debt. 877l. 11 r. 2d. for Land Service of the»()rdnance prior to December 31,

1783. 43,225l. i8r. 5 d. for Land Service of the Ordnance, in 1790. 377,898l. u. 8 d. for Land Ser-

vice of the Ordnance, in 1792. 1,814,800 /. or 4^/. for Land Foices, viz. 285,064l. i2j. 9^. 2y. for

17*013 effective Men, Officers, &c* in GVctf/ Britain, from 25th December 1791 to 24th of 1792;

44 and 275,140l. 19l. 3^/. for 15,701 effective Men, &c. from 25 to December 24 1792; 170,193 /.

95. for Forces in the Plantations,^, from December 25, 1791,10 June 24, 1792, and 149,294l. 131.

5 d. for those Forces from 25 co December 24, 1792; 4,250l. i2r. 8<Z. Difference between British and Irish Establishments of seven Battalions serving in North /.imerica, from December 25, 1791, to

24, 1792; and 2,903 /. 41. 7 for those Battalions, from June 24 to December 24, 1792; 8,345 /.

16 s. zd. for Regiments serving in the £Vz// Indies, for 1792. 98,037 /. 15 r. for recruiting Land Forces,

and Contingencies, tsV. 15,064l. nr. for supernumerary Officers; 6,427l. or 6Z. for General and Staff Officers in Great Britain \ 52,338l. 5 r. 2r/. to the Paymaster General, Secretary at War, £sV.;

159,797l. ior. for reduced Officers of the Land Forces and Marines; 202l. ior. for reduced Officers,

fcfr. of the Horse Guards; 3,161l. ior. lod. for Officers late in the Service of the States General;

55,092l. ior. for reduced Officers of the British-American Forces; and 4,907l. ior. for Allowances to them; 173,104l. 3 r. nd. for Chelsea Hospital\ 9,381l. 13 r. roc/, for Widows Pensions; 1,785l.

3 r. 8 d* for Garrisoned Officers, &c. in 1791; 340,306l. 8 r. for Extraordinaries of the Army in 1791.

3,500,000l. to pay off Exchequer Bills, 31 George III. 2,000,000l. to discharge further ditto, ditto.

26,043l. 3r. 3 d. issued in pursuance of Addresses. 5,376l. 17 r. 6d. for the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia* 4,520l. for New Brunswick. 2,020l. for the Island of St. John in America. 1,800l. for Cape Breton. 1,306l. y s. 6d. ior Newfoundland. 4,180l. for the Bahama Islands. 580l. to the Chief Justice of Bermuda. 600l. to the Chief Justice of Dominica* 6,565l. 7 r. for Upper Canada* 4,726l.

for Nezu South Wales* 13,000l. for Forts in Africa. 4,660l. for Roads and Bridges in the Highlands*

100,000l. to discharge Exchequer Bills 31 George III. made out for Expences of Augmentation of the Forces 1790. 400,000l. towards the Reduction of the National Debt. 6,401 /. 4 s* 8 d* zq. issued to the Representatives of H. and J* Bradley for Convicts in Langflone and Portsmouth Harbours. 17,023l.

171. zd. issued to Z). Campbell Esq. for Convicts on the Thames. 22,179l. \zs* 6 d. for Provisions sent

to New South Wales, &c. 100l. issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners under the Slave Act.

6,347l. iij. 6d* Expences of Trial of IV. Hastings Esq. 1,926l. c)s* 10 d* 3 q. issued to T* Cotton Esq. to pay Bills of Exchange. 4,141l. 11s. yd. 3 q. for Compensation to Owners of Ships in the African Trade. 9,8^9l. 18 s* yd. for extraordinary Expences of the Mint in 1791. 707l. 3 s. 8 c/. for prosecuting Offenders against the Coin Laws. 10,329l. 155. 4d. for Presents to inhabitants of the North-welt Coast of America. 12,262l. 19s. gd. for Losses on evacuating the Musquito Shore.

224,787l. ys. 11 d. zq. for Part of Orders made out pursuant to 28 George III. Cap. 40.; and 44 60,205 /. y s. 6d. for ditto, made out pursuant to 30 George III. Cap. 34. 28,000l. to T. Cotton Esq.

for Relief o f American Sufferers. 436,990l. 18 s* od. zq. for Deficiency of Grants 1791. By.31 44 George III. Cap. 41. 155,287l. 5 s. 5 d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced Officers for 1791. The Overplus of which Sum may be disposed of to Officers maimed, Ssfc* as his Majesty shall direct. Dupli- cates of Exchequer Bills, cete* loft, may be made out on Affidavits being made before the Barons of the Exchequer prior to October 1, 1792, &c."

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America; to the prohibiting the importation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to prevent the (educing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas;, to the better regulating of Pilots, for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover Deal, and the Isle of Thanet; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clark's Hydrometer; and to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have by Experience been found ufefi.il and bene- ficial, and are near expiring;' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to dfcontinue^ for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation

Preamble.-

7 Geo. 3. c. 12.

to cii(continue the Duties pay-'

220

able upon the Importation of Tallow, &c. continue! to March 15,1794* See,

C.

o A 0°*

, at

So much of 9 C o. 3. c. 39< relates t»free Importation of Raw Hides and Skins from Ire* l«nd and he r.ri ifh Plantain n» in America, continued to Ju,ic X» »796*

A'C.

26 Cm, 3. c. Sg, extending to other Tool? and Vtenft's 15 Geo. 3. c. 6 continued to the End of the next SeiTioni

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

iion of Tallow% Hois Lard, and Gtcafe, which was to be in force for three Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament*, and which by several subsequent Acts of the tenth, thirteenth, sixteenth, nineteeth, twenty, second, twenty-sixth, and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his said Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliamentj shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and from thence to the End of the them next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the free Importation of certain raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British i'flotations in America, which was to continue in force for five Years, from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffiort of Parliament; and which by several Acts made in the fourteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-sevenrh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the first Day of June one thousand feveri hundred and ninety-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the Hrlt Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and Utevjih, an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, M An Act to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Fools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this

thirty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the third Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and P'JJi'ls from Dover, Deal, and the Ijie of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway, which was to continue in force for seven Years, from the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also a Clause in an Act of the seventh Year of his said Majesty's Reign, for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the lfte of Thanet, which was to continue in force during the Continuance of the said Act of the third Year of his said Majesty's Reign; which said Act, together with the said Clause, were by several subsequent Acts of the tenth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, and of the eighth and twenty-third Wars of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the fourth and eighteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the twenty-filth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be; and the same are hereby further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eigne hundred and six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the twenty-feveiuh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in foreign I Vines for the Stock of certain foreign I Vines in their P offession, at a certain Time, upon which the Duties on Imputation have been paid \ and for amending fever a I Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise \ as directs that all Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the Hydrometer commonly called Clark's Hydrometer, shall, upon trial by any Officer or Officers of Excite, denote any such Spiiits to be, which was to be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

c>f "thfonext*Sc?- eight, an(^ vv^c^ by several Acts made in the twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirtieth, and thirty-first Years lion/ of his present Majesty's Reign, was continued until the End of this Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to allow the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with foreign Salt, free of Duty for a limited Time, which was to continue in force from the fourteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the fourteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and Irom thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

3 Geo. 1. t. 13. far regulating Pilots of Ship* from Dover, &c. «nd 7 Geo. I.

. c. 2 r. /. 14. for further regulating such Pilot*, continued io March 25, Sc6, &c. '

So much of 27 Geo. 3. c. 31. at directi that all Spirits shall be detmed of the Strength denot'd by Clark's Hy drometer, continued to the End

3 r Geo. 3.e. 26. all v*»ng the Importation ot Seal Skins, cured with foreign Salt, Duty-free, continued to June 14, 1798, Jtt,

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 37 - 40. 221

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for making perpetual an Act made in the twenty-sevenih Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize3 in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama I Bands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has been found useful and beneficial, and ought to be made perpetual \ be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the hnportation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the If and of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the If and of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the If and of Do. minica, and in the Port of Nassau in the If and of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions\ which was to continue in force until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was amended by an Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, shall be, and the same is hereby made perpetual.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River South Efk, at or near the Town of Montrose, in the County of Forfar'y and for making suitable Approaches thereto.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Botolph without Alderfgo.tcy in the City of London, to raise Money for paying and discharging the Debts that have been contrafted in repairing their Parish Church, and building a new Workhouse.

CAP. XL.

An Act for amending the Laws of Excise relating to the Manufactory of Flint Glassy

WHEREAS certain Regulations, not required in other cases, are necessary in the making of Flint Glass be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Maker of Flint Glass, who shall have given any Notice for beginning to fill or charge any Pot or Pots with Metal or Materials for the making of Flint Glass, in the Manner required by Law, shall be allowed the Space of three Hours next after the Time and Hour specified in such Notice, before he, she, or they shall be required to begin to fill or charge such Pot or Pots with such Metal or Materials, and such beginning to fill or charge such Pot or Pots with such Metal or Materials, within three Hours next after the Time and Hour specified in such Notice, shall be deemed and taken to be a Beginning to fill and charge such Pot or Pots, according to and under such Notice, any Thing in any former Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker of Flint Glass who shall give any such Notice for beginning to fill or charge any Pot or Pots for the making of Flint Glass shall, within six Hours next after the Time and Hour at which he, she, or they shall begin to fill or charge such Pot or Pots, put into such Pot or Pots one-fourth Part at the least of the true Weight of the Metal or Preparation, specified in such Notice as being to be made use of in the making of Flint Glass, on-Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Neglect or Refusal thereof.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass to unstop or take down any Stopper from his, her, or their Pot or Pots, containing any Metal or Preparation for the making of Flint Glass, unless Notice in Writing shall, by the Space of one Hour next before he, she, or they shall so unstop such Pot or Pots, or take down any such Stopper from any such Pot or Pots, be given to the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, of his, her, or their Intention so to do, specifying therein the particular Time and Hour when and at which any such Pot or Pots is or are intended to be unstopped, or any such Stopper or Stoppers is or are intended to be taken down, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Neglect or Refusal to give such Notice as aforesaid. "

[Preamble.]

27 Geo. 3. c. 27*-which wa9 amended by 30 Geo 3. c. 29. made perpetual*

Preamble

Makers of Flint Glass to be allowed Three Hours after the Time specified in the Notice, f of beginning to fill Pots with Materials.

l-4th at least of the Metal specified in the Notice to be pur inio Pots within fix-Hours after beginning to charge them, 0:} Penalty of 50l. One Hour's previous Notice of unstopping Pots, to be given to the Excise Officer, on Penalty of

222

If Pots are not fceeun to be un-fl porfuint

to No ire, ti« ih Notice must Le given.

Penal'y not extr i d to iheuu-fleppin.' Po s which mav h *p-p-n to cuclc,&c.

nftr to the ui.

flopping f 1 cm within 36 Ht r.rs fri in the Time of beginning to charge them.

On giving six Hours prrvious Noiioe, 40 lb. of Meal which has pjid the D.ity n ay be put into any new Pot, in the Pit fence f thi Officer, for the Puirofe of glazing it,

and on like No-t'.i e, 10 lb. of unOaineJ Me'al may be used for the Purpose of cleansing any S*ained-Cldfs Pet,

How Penalties are to be reco. vered ard applied.

Powers of x 1 Car, 2. c. 24. li. c. to extend to this Act.

A£1 to commence from July 5, 1791.

C. 40. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

IV. Provided always, That if any such Pot or Pots, so intended to be unstopped, and whereof such Notice shall have been given, shall not be begun to be unstopped pursuant to such Notice, then, and in every such Case and Casts, such Notice or Notices respectively shall be null, void, and of no Effect; and all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glass, who, after the Expiration of the Time mentioned in such Notice, shall unstop or take down any such Stopper from any such Pot or Pots, without having first given a new or like Notice as 2 fore said of his, her, or their Intention to unstop or take down any such Stopper or Stoppers from any such Pot or Pots, shall, in every such Case, incur and be subject to the like Penalty and Forfeiture as if he, she, or they had not thereof given any Notice at all.

V. Provided also, That nothing herein-before contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to subject any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass to the said Penalty of fifty Pounds, for or by reason of his, her, or their unstopping or taking down any Stopper from any such Pot which may happen to crack or break whislt the same is filled or charged with any Metal or Preparation, for the sole Purpose of preventing the Loss of such Metal or Preparation, or from any other Pot or Pots, for the sole Purpose of discovering such broken Pot or Pots, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, That nothing herein-before contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to subject any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass to the said Penalty of fifty Pounds, for or by reason of his, her, or their unstopping or taking down any Stopper or Stoppers from any Pot or Pots, during the "l ime of the filling or charging any such Pot or Pots, and within thirty-six Hours from the Time of his, her, or their having begun to fill or charge such Pot or Pots, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glass, (on his, her, or their giving to the Officer or Officers of Excise, under whole Survey he, she, or they shall then be, six Hours previous Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention so to do,) to glaze, or cause to be glazed, any new Pot or Pots previously gauged, and taken an Account of by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, and specified in such Notice, and for that Purpose to take from and out of any other Pot any Quantity of Metal, on which the Duty has been charged, not exceeding forty Pounds Weight in the Whole, and to put such Metal immediately, in the Presence of such Officer or Officers, into such new Pot or Pots for the sole Purpose of glazing the same, without such Maker or Makers of Flint Glass being liable to any further Duty for or in respect of such Metal so put into such new Pot or Pots for the Purpose aforesaid, or without incurring any Penalty for beginning to fill or charge such new Pot without Notice.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glass, (on his, her, or their giving to the Officer or Officers of Excise, under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, six Hours previous Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention so to do,) to cleanse any Pot or Pots in which any Stained Glass hath been melted, and specified inlueh Notice, by taking any Quantity of unstained Metal on which the Duty has been charged, not exceeding ten Pounds Weight in the hole, and by lading and unlading the same in the Pres. nee of such Officer or Officers into and from such Pot for that Purpose, and by repeating such Operations in the Presence of such Officer or Officers, until such Pot shall be Efficiently cleansed, without incurring any Penalty for beginning to charge such Pot without Notice.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed or created by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or iYIethods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland., respectively; and that one Moiety of every Rich Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act,) shall be practised, uied, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Duties, by this Act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and immediately after the fifth Day of July one thousanu seven hundred and ninety-two.

CAP.

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 41, 42. 223

CAP. XLI.

An Act to exempt Whale Oil, and other Articles therein mentioned, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for 4 \ y repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof an Ex- cife Duty is chargeable for and upon all Sales by way of Auction in Great Britain, of any Goods or Chattels, according to the respective Rates therein expressed: And whereas it is expedient, that further Exemp- tion from the said Duty should be made in favour of certain Articles, other than such as are now exempted from the same \ be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, all Whale Oil, Whale Bone, Ambergris, and Head-matter, and all Skins of Seals and other Animals living in the Sea, shall be free of the said Duty on the first Sale thereof by Auction in Great Britain; and also that all Elephants Teeth, Palm Oil, Dying Woods, Drugs, and other Articles for Dyers Use, and all Mahogany and other unmanufactured Wood for the Use of Cabinet-makers, and other Manufacturers, imported in British Ships from Africa, or from any British Settlement Abroad, shall be free of the said Duty oil the first Sale of such Goods by Auction, by or for the Account of the original Importer to whom the same were consigned, and by whom they were entered at the Custom House at the Port of Importation, so as such Sale be made within twelve Months after such Goods shall be imported, and by foine Person duly licensed to exercise the Trade or Bufinefe of an Auctioneer.

[Preamble,

27 Geo. 3. C. 13. recited,

From July 5, 1792, Whale Oil. icr at me first Sale exempted from the Duty on Auctions im poled fyr the recited Act.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors Money upon proper Securities, and for applying the Interest towards discharging the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General, and for building Offices for the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and a Publick Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunaticks, and for building Repofi-tories for securing the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court, and the Records and Proceedings of the Commissioners of Bankrupts and Lunaticks.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his

[Preamble

late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to I2 Geo. »,c,

lay out, upon proper Securities, any Monies, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the Common and General

Cashin the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said County for the Ease of the said Suitors, by applying the Inter cjl arising therefrom for answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court, it was enacted, That, out of the Cash that then lay, or should thereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, a Sum not exceeding thirty- five thousand Pounds should and might, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Purpose, from Time to Time, be placed out in one entire Sum, or in Parcels, on such Government or Parliamentary Securities as, in and by such Order or Orders, should be directed, to the Intent that the Interest and Annual Profits arising from the Money so to be placed out as aforesaid might be applied for the Purposes therein-after mentioned: And it was thereby further enacted, That the Interest and Annual Profits, arising and to be produced from the said Securities, should, from Time to Time, be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and be placed to the Credit of an Account, to be raised in the Books kept there for the Suitors of the said Court of Interest arising from Money placed out in pursuance of that Act; and that out of such Interest Money and annual Profits there should be paid, by quarterly Payments, the annual Sum of one thousand and twenty Pounds; which Payment should be made by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, (videlicet,) To the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery the Sum of six hundred and fifty Pounds; to his first Clerk, the Sum of two hundred and fifty Pounds; to his second Clerk, the Sum of one hundred and twenty Pounds; and that the Residue of the Interest and 4 Annual Profits arising and to be produced from the said Securities should be accounted for and taken as Part of the Common and General Cash of and belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, and should be issued and applied pursuant and according to the Directions of a certain Act of Parliament therein recited of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery: And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery 4 3- c. 3*'

to lay out, upon proper Securities, a further Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the Common and General Call) in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and for apply-

ing the Intercjl arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court, it was enacted, That out of the Cash that then lay, or should thenafter lie dead and unemployed

%z Geo. III. G g m

224 C. 42. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

in the Bank of ErAcnd, belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, a Sum not exceeding five

thousand Hounds Lieu lei1 and nvgnt, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court, to be made for that Purpose from nne to Time, be placed out in one entire Sum, or in Parcels, on such Government or Parliamenrary Securities as in and by such Order or Orders should be directed, to the intent that the Interest and Annual Prof.ts anting trom the Money, (o to be place*! out as aforesaid, mig:*t loe applied for the Purposes therein-sfter mentioned: Ar.d it v/.is thereby further enacted, 'Hut the inteitil and Annual Profits arising and to be produced from toe laid Securities lh _>uid, from Time to Time, be received by the Governor and Company of the Ik-n.c ot En\andy and be placed to the Credit of the same Account as was raised in the Bor k:p: there iu»* me huitors of the said Court by virtue of the said Act herein before men- tinned, of Irterclt arinng from Money placed out in pursuance of the said Act of the twelfth Year of King 4 G'ctrre the Second; auc that out of such Interest Money and Annual Profits there should be paid, by Quar- tcrly Payments, by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose,.the annual Sum of one hundred and twenty Pounds to the said Acountant General's third Clerk; and that the Residue of the Interest and Annual Profits arising rnd to be produced fro 11 the said Securities, should be accounted for and taken as Part of the Common anu General Calli of and belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, and should be issued and applied purfuunt and according to the Directions of the said Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the hirft: And whereas by^ an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the fifth

5 Geo. 3. c.

then lay,"or should thenafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England^ belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, a Sum not exceeding eighty thousand Pounds should and might, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Purpose from Time to Time, be placed out in one entire Sum, or in Parcels, on such Government or Parliamentary Securities as in and by such Order or Orders should be directed; to the Intent that the Interest and Annual Produce, arising from the Money so to be placed out as a fore said, might be applied for the Purposes therein-after mentioned: And it was thereby further enacted, That the Interest and Annual Produce arising from the said Securities should, from Time to Time, be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of 1England, and placed to the Credit of an Account, to be raised in the Books kept there for the Suitors of the said Court of Interest arising from Money placed out in pursuance of that Act; and that out of such Interest and Annual Produce there should be pivd by half-yearly Payments, by the Governor and Company of the Bank, of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, the annual Sum of two hundred Pounds to each and every of the eleven of the Mailers in Ordinary of the said Court of Chancery, free from Parliamentary Taxes; and that the Residue of thelnterest and Annual Produce arising from the said Securities, should be accounted for and taken as Part of the Common and General Caihcf

*9 Geo. 3. c. 19.

ar of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impoiver the High Court of Chancery to lay

of belonging to the Suitors of the Ccurt of Chancery,a Sum net exceeding twenty thousand Pounds

should and might, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Purpose, from Time to Time, be placed out in one entire Sum, or in Parcels, in such Government or Parliamentary Se- curities as in and by such (fiber or Ordcis should be directed, to the Intent that the Interest and Annual Produce aiding from the Money so to be placed out as aforesaid might be applied for the Purposes therein- after mentioned: And it was thereby further enacted, That the Interest and Annual Produce arising from the said Securities should, from Time to Time, be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and placed to the Credit of the same Account which was raised in the Books kept there, for the Suitors of the said Court, by virtue of the said recited Act of Parliament of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, of Interest arising from Money placed out in pur-4 (dance of that Act; and that out of such Interest and Annual Produce there should be paid, oy Quarterly Payments, the annual Surn of four hundred and sixty Pounds, which Payment should be made by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the Court of Chan- cay to be made for that Purpose; (videlicet,) To the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery the Sum of two hundred and fifty Pounds; to his first Clerk, the Sum of fifty Pounds; to his second Clerk the Surn of forty Pounds; and to his fourth Clerk, the Sum of one hundred and twenty Pounds; and that the Residue of the Interest and Annual Produce arising from the said Securities should be accounted for as therein-after is mentioned: And it was thereby further enacted, That the Surplus Interest that had aiifen and should or might aiife from the Securities, purchased and to be purchased in pursuance of the ibid herein-before recited Acts of Parliament, and of the now reciting Alt, together with the Interest that should be produced from the Securities to be purchased with such Surplus Inteleit, should or migiu, by any Order or Orders of the said Court <3f Chancery to be made for that Purpose, trom Time to Time, he placed out on Government Securities, and that the Interest or annual Produce arising from the said Securi-15 4 ties

22S

t

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 42.

tics should, from Time to Time, be received by the Governor and Company of the Rank of England*

and so much thereof as should arise from Securities to be purchased with the Surplus Interest, produced and to be produced from Securities purchased in pursuance of the said Arts of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

and to be purchased in pursuance of the now reciting Ail, should be placed to the Credit of an Account, to be raised in the Books kept at the Bank for the Suitors of the said Court of Securities purchased with the Surplus Money plaredNto the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of an Art of parliament, passed in the twelfth Year of his Lte King George the Second; and io much there-

of as should arile from Securities to be purchased with the Surplus Intel ell produced and to be produced from Securities purchased in pursuance of the find Art of the fif th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

/hould be placed to the Credit of an Account, to be raised in the said Rooks kept in the Bank, of Securities purchased with the Surplus Money placed to the Account of Intel At aiding from Monies placed out in pursuance of an Act of Parliament passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty: And wherens by an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, /hA'i/cr 14- Geo. 3. c. 4)* 4 rdrudding the Office of the Six Clerks of the King's Court of Chancery; end for evening Office for the Register and Accountant General of the said Court, for the better prefer ving the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of 4 A count kept in such Offices, it was enacted, That out of the Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, which then lay or should thereafter die dead and unemployed in the Rank of England,

a Sum not exceeding fifty thousand Pounds should and might, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Purpose, from Time to Time, be placed out in one entire Sum, or in Parcels, on such Government or Parliamentary Securities as in and by such Orders should be directed, to the Intent that the Interest and Annual Produce arising from the Money lo to be placed out might be ap-.

plied for the Purposes therein-after mentioned: And it was thereby further enacted (among other Things),.

Tr.at, out of the Securities purchased with the Surplus Money placed to the Account of Interest arising.

from Wionies placed out in pursuance of the said Act of the twelfth Year of his late Majesty King George,

the Recoin, and out of the Interest produced and to be produced from such Securities, and also out of the.

Securities purchased with the Surplus Money, placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pur hi ince of the said Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and out of the Interest produced. n\ to be produced from such Securities, and out of the Surplus Interest which should arise or be produced tt > n Securities purchased in pursuance of the fold several Acts of the twelfth Year of the Reign c of n.:- late As :! y, and of the fourth, fifth, and ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and out of.

the interest widen should arne or be produced from Securities to be purchased in pursuance of the said Act.

of the fourteenth t ear of his present Majesty, such Sum or Sums of Money as the Lord High Chancel-.

lor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal.

of Great Britain for the Time being, Ibouid, in his and their Discretion, deem necessary, should be paid by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court, and be applied, under the Direction of the said Court, in the first.Place, in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences attending the patting and obtaining of.

that Act, and then in rebuilding the said Office called The Six Clerks Office, with the Offices belonging the re-

to, and in purchasing Ground and Houses for that Purpose, if any should be deemed necessary by the said.

Courr, and in providing a proper Place for transacting the Business of the said Six Clerks Office during the

Time f jeh Office should be rebuilding, and the Sum of ten thousand Pounds in ererting proper and convenient Offices for the said Regiller and Accountant General of the said Court, separate and detached from each other, and in purchasing such Ground and Houses as should be necessary for those Purposes, and fof preserving the ancient Rooks of Entries of Decrees and Orders of the said Court ': And whereas by an Art,

passed in the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for v fling Part of the Garden of the 15 Geo. 3. c, it. 4 Society of Lincoln*r Inn, in the County of Middlesex, in the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and Ids Successors, for ever, for the Purpnje of erecting thereon Offices for the Accountant General, and for the Re- gijhr of the said Court, it was enacted, That the Charges ;rnd Expences attending the patting and obtaining that Act should be paid and defrayed out of the same Funds, and in like Manner as the Charges and Expeaces attending the patting and obtaining the said Act of the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty are directed to be paid: And v/hercas by an Act passed in the said fifteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for applying the Funds provided for rebuilding the Offices of the Six Clerks of the rC. 0^.c 4 King's Court of Chancery, by an Act made in the fourteenth 2 ear of the Reign of his present Mafejiy, intituled,

44. An Act for rebuilding the Office of the Clerks of the King's Court of Chancery; and for ere ding Offices ffir the RegJhr and Accountant Genentl of the said Court, for the better prrfrying the Records, Decree, Orders,

and Books of Account kept in such Offices," in building Offices for the said Six Clerks'in the Garden of Lincoln's Inn, vijieud of rebuilding the prefect Six Clerks Office in Chancery Lane; and for ether Ptrfgis; it is enacted, That out of the Securities purchased with the Surplus Money mentioned in the said therein-iecited Act of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, and out of the interest produced and to be produced from such Securities, and out of the Surplus Interest produced or to be produced from Securities purchased in pursuance of the several Arts, in the said Act of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty mentioned,

and out of the Interest produced or to be produced from Securities purchased in pursuance of the said Art of the fou r tee ntn Year of his present Majesty, such Sum and Sums of Money as the Lord High Chancellor,

of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Lords Com nii dinners for the Custody of the Great Sen! of Grrr.t,

Brhau; for the Time being, should in his and their Discretion deem necessary to be paid, by virtue of any Or- der or Orders of the said Court, and be applied under the Direction of the said Court, in paying and defray- ing the Charges and Expences attending the patting and obtaining of the said Art of the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty, and in purchasing the iaid Ground belonging to the Society of Lincoln's lnny therein-before

226 C. 42. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

« mentioned and described, and in building thereon an Office for the said Six Clerks, and the Offices thereto belonging, as well as in carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, except so much thereof as related to the rebuilding the said Six Clerks Office, in the Place where the same then stood, and except so far as the said Act of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty is thereby altered or varied: And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the seventeenth 17 Geo. 3. c. 59. 4 Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Kirn Charles the Second, intituled, 44 The of the Rolls empowered to make Leases for Tears,

" in order to nevj-luild the old HouJesbelonging to the Rollsand for the belter regulating the Method of grantbn Leases of the said RollsEjlate for the future', and for making Compensation to the karlof Macclesfield

and Sir Thomas Sewell for their beneficial Rights and hiterejls in certain Leases ? made of the Rolls tjtate \ 44 and for regulating the Method of making Leases of the future; it is enacted, That out

of the Calli belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, which then lay or should thereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, there should be paid, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to be made for that Purpose, such bum ot Money as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great ‘ Seal of Great Britain, for the Time being, should in his or their Discretion deem necessary, and be applied under the Direction of the said Court, in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences ofand attending the passing and obtaining of that Ad; and that out of the said Calli belonging to the said Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, which then lay or should thereafter he dead and unemployed in the Bank of ‘ England, there should be paid, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, to the right honourable the said Earl of Macclesfield, his Executors or Administrators, the Sum of eight thousand four hundred and forty-nine Pounds seven Shillings and nine-pence Halfpenny;

and to the said Sir Thomas Sewell, his Executors or Administrators, the Sum of twelve thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds three Shillings and one Penny: And it was, by the said Act now reciting of the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty, further enabled. That, from and after the Time when the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keener, or the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain^hould deem the Purposes of the said Acts of the fourteenth and fifteenth Years' 4 of his present Majesty, to have been fully satisfied, the Surplus Interest anhng, and which should arise from Monies placed out in pursuance of the said Act of the twelfth Year of his late Majesty King Goethe Second, ‘ and the Surplus Interest arising and which should arise from Monies placed out in pursuance of the said Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, and the Interest arising and which should anse from Monies nlaced out in pursuance of the said Act of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, should and might, by an Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, be appropriated and applied in and to the raising and discharging of the said Sums of eight thousand four hundred and forty-nine Pounds seven Shillings and nine-pence Halfpenny, and twelve thousand five hundred and eighty. Pounds three Shillings and one Penny, and of such Sum or Sums of Money as should be paid and applied in paying and defraying: 4 the Charges and Expences of, and attending the passing and obtaining of the said now reciting Act of the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty as aforesaid, until the same should be fully raffed, made up an competed And whereas the Money paid out of the Common and General Calli of the Suitore of the said Court of Chancery, for the Purpose of defraying the Charges and Expences of the said Act of the seven- teenth Year of his present Majesty, and the said Sums of eight thousand four hundred and forty-nine Pounds- seven Shillings and nine-pence Halfpenny, and twelve thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds three Sh.l- lings and one Penny, pursuant to the Directions of the said last mentioned Aft, amount in the Whole to the* 4 Sum of twenty-one thousand two hundred and ninety-five Pounds thirteen Shillings and Two-pence r 4 And whereas the Sum of seventeen thousand three hundred and I forty-nine Pounds sixteen Shillings andt

Seven-pence hath accumulated from the Surplus Interest and Dividends of the said several Sums of Money*

1 aid out pursuant to the said several Acts of Parliament towards reimbursing the said Sum of twenty-one- thousand two hundred and ninety-five Pounds thirteen Shillings and I wo-pence, so paid out of the Com- non and General Calli of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, under and by virtue of the Directions;. 4 of the said Act of the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty, and is now in the Hands of the Bank of England-And whereas the Money and Effects belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, under the Care

and Direction of the said Accountant General, have of lute Years greatly increased, by reason whereof the necessary Business of the said Office is grown so extensive and laborious, that the Provisions made by the «. Pvia several Acts relating to the said Office of the Accountant General, are become inadequate to the At- tendance Trouble, and mportance of the said Office, and inefficient to answer the Charges attending the ‘ Execution thereof: And whereas the Mailers in Ordinary in Chancery, and the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunaticks, have hitherto transacted and now tranlad their Business m Chambers or Offices dffperfed m ‘ different Places, and which are small and inconvenient, and subject to great Danger from x-ire, and in which there are not any Repofuories wherein the Deeds, Papers, and Writings belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery can be deposited with Security from Fire, and the Publick Office of the Court of Chan- eery is also inconvenient and subject to great Danger from f ire: And whereas no Provision is yet made for tire Expence of repairing the Offices of the Register, or the Accountant General, or for injuring the

r?,rin Pi Ilr 11n?s from Fire And whereas a further Sum of Money is wanted for providing Salaries for ad- diriotial Qerks, and additional Salaries for the present Clerks in the Office of the said Accountant General,

and for the Purpose of building proper Offices for the Mailers in Ordinary m Chancery, and a publick Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunaticks, and Repositories for the Deeds, Papers, and Writings delivered and to be delivered to them respectively m.the Course of their refnedive Businesses, and for the Purpose of making a Provision for the Repairs and lnfur-

i ance

3oo,©ooJ. of C^fh unemploy-" ed in the Bank belonging to Suitors in Chan* eery, may be placed out on Government Securities, &c.

Intrrefl of Mo* rey so placed out to be received by the-Bank,

and applied to the within-mentioned Purposes.

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georg ji III. C. 42. 227

ance of the said Offices of the Accountant General and the Register, and of the other Offices to be built

pursuant to this Act: And whereas, from many Years Experience, it hath been found that there always

hath been, and there now is, a very large Sum of Money belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of

Chancery which lies dead and unemployed in the Bank beyond the Demands of the Suitors ;' be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of the Common and General Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, which now lies or shall hereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, a Sum not exceeding three hundred thousand Pounds shall and may, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Purpose, from Time to Time, be placed out in one entire Sum, or in Parcels, in the Name of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, according to the general Rules and Orders of the said Court, on such Government or Parliamentary Securities as in and by such Order or Orders shall be directed, and shall be carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, to the Intent that the Interest and Annual Produce arising from the Money so to be placed out may be applied for the Purposes herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Interest and Dividends of all the Securities to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, shall, from Time to Time, be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in the same Manner they now receive the Interest and Dividends of the Securities pur-ehafed pursuant to the several Acts herein-before mentioned, and shall be carried to an Account to be raised of Interest arising from Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery.

III. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Securities to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the several Payments and Salaries herein after mentioned shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, (videlicet ,) First, the Expence incurred and to be incurred in preparing and passing this Act of Parliament, and then the yearly Sum of one hundred and twenty Pounds to the said Accountant General's fifth Clerk, and the yearly Sum of one hundred and twenty Pounds to his fiixth Clerk, and the yearly Sum of one hundred Pounds to his seventh Clerk, and the yearly Sum of one hundred Pounds as an additional Salary to the said Accountant General's first Clerk, the yearly Sum of one hundred and forty Pounds as an additional Salary to his second Clerk, the yearly Sum of eighty Pounds as an additional Salary to his third Clerk, and the yearly Sum of thirty Pounds as an additional Salary to his fourth Clerk; and which Salaries and additional Salaries shall commence from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and shall be paid at the same Times, and in the same Manner, as the present Salaries of the said Accountant General and his present Clerks are paid, and shall be free from all Taxes whatsoever; and then such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Time being, shall by any Order or Orders of the Court of Chancery direct to be applied in purchasing Ground for, and in building and completing the Offices and Repositories herein after directed to be built and completed, as herein after is mentioned, and in paying the other Expences relating to the Execution of this Act, not otherwise provided for; and such further Sum and Sums of Money, either yearly or in gross, as shall be necessary for keeping the same Offices and Repositories in Repair, and also in repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Offices of the Register and Accountant General, and for induing and keeping all the said Offices and Repolitoiies insured from Fire, as herein after is mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, under the Direction of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Time being, by any Order or Orders of the Court of Chancery, to be made for that Purpose, proper and convenient Offices for the said Matters in Ordinary in Chancery, and their Clerks, and for the said Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunaticks, and their Clerks, and fate and secure Repositories for the Deeds, Books,

Papers, and Writings of and belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, delivered, or to be delivered, to the said Matters in Ordinary in Chancery, and the Records, Proceedings, Deeds, Books, Papers, and Writings delivered, or to be delivered to, or left in the Custody of the said Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunaticks respectively, together with a Publick Office for the Suitois of the said Court of Chancery, in the Stead or Place of the present Publick Office, shall be built and mace fit for the Reception of the said Matters and Secretaries, and the Transaction of their respective Business therein; and that for* these Purposes a proper Piece of Ground shall be purchased, and such Houses or Buildings as may be upon such Ground, and that the Ground and Houses so to be purchased shall be, from Time to Time, conveyed to, and the same are hereby declared to be vetted in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, from Time toTirne, by any Order of the said High Court of Chancery, to apply such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary in keeping the said Offices and Repositories so to be built and completed as aforesaid, and the Offices of the Register and Accountant General, in good and sufficient Repair, and in insuring the same Premises respectively from Damage by Fire.

VI. And be it enacted, That if the said Offices or Chambers to be built and completed shall be built out of the Liberty of the Rolls wherein the Matters in Ordinary in Chancery are now rated, taxed, and assessed for the Payment of the Land Tax, yet they, the said Matters in Ordinary in Chancery, shall continue to betaxed, fated, and afldOTed, for the Payment of the Land Tax within the Liberty of the Rolls only, and shall not be

taxed,

By Order of the Court of Chancery, Offices for the Matters in Chancery, &c. to be erected ).

and kept In Re*-pair.

Matter* in Chancery to be assessed to the and Tex in the L berty of the

228 C. 42. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792

Rolls, though the Othces /fcould kc built out of the Li-J»ctty.

Bodies Politick, 4ez. miy fell House?, Sec, for the Purpokst of

vfthis Act.

I i/1 1 L liAl IIJ 1 v/1 aviiv -

diars of such T ennnts for Life as may be Imams, and the Hu! oat ids of such Tenants for J Ye as -v'* Eernts Covert, for aid on Jiehult of them Lives, and all Infants, Issue unborn, Funaticks Idio-s Fm« Covert, or under any other Di/.ibiluy, and also for all Persons who are or shall be fei7C 1 ' 'r

reditamenis, Easements, or

Direction* for the Oifposal of Purchase Money of Lands, Sec, belonging to CorpuiaiionP) 4cc*'

As fan as the *1,2951. ty.

2 d. to be paid pursuant to 17 Geo. 3. c. 59. shall be replaced, the Securities purchased under former Acts, and to be purchased under this Act, to <nake one aggregate Fund, &c.

i or pci idled of, or Privileges which may *nce of this

Hereditaments, balements, and rrivuegt-v, UK, u. w_1Vi, __________ convey the Cra

for the Purposes aforesaid: And that all Commas, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances','which lha l belo made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purpose s, any Law, Statute, Uflge, Settlement Will Cu'loni or other Matter or '1 hing whatsoever to the comrai y thereof in any wise notwithstanding: And all' Bod spo'i tick. Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, Executors, Administrator* fW bands, Guardians, Committees, and all other Persons whotnloever, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act. ‘

VIII. And be it further enacted That all Sums of Money which shall be so agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any Houses, buildings. Lands, 1 enements. Hereditaments. Falements, or Privileges which Ibail belong to any Corporation Sole, infant, Lunatick, Feme Covert, or shall be a Trurt FIrate or limited in ftrid Settlement, shall, in case such Sum or Sums of Money respectively shall amount to or exceed the Sum of two hundred Pounds, be laid out as soon a<; conveniently may be, with the Content of the said Court of Chancery, (upon a Petition to be for that Purpose prtfented in a luminary Way.) the Purch/e of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled in lieu of the Lands Tenements. Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges, winch may be ibid as aforesaid; and that the Chlrees of such Conveyances and Settlements, and the Petitions for that , hail be paid in th" fanw Manner as the other Expences relating to the building the said Offices and Repoiitorics are hereby dlrc-fed to be mid and in the mean tme, and until such Purchase or Purchases shall be made, and in Cales where the Pu shall Money shall not amount to the Lid Sum of two hundred Pounds, the Money agreed to be paid for such Pu ! chales respectively as aforesaid shall be laid out in some Government Securities, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, according to the general Rules and Orders of the said Court, and I without F ee or Reward; and the Imereti and Dividends, arising upon such Securities shall from Time to Time be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been intitfe.l m ,h. Rents and Prohts of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Fafements, and Privileges! which may be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, in case the lame had not been fold; and in Cases where the Fur chase Money shall not amount to the said Sum of two hundred Pounds, such Money shall belong absolute v to the Person or Persons who would have been able, by t ine, Recovery, or otherwise, to have acauired the absolute Dominion over, or Property of or in, and to have d.lpoled of the Hereditaments which maV be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, tn case such Hereditaments had not been fold; and the Security or Ser, ri.;« wherein such Money shall be inverted shall be transferred to the Person or Persons to whom sech Money El belong, upon a I etit.ontobc presented for that Purpose to the said Court of Chancery, in a summary Wav the Expence of wh.ch shall be paid in the same Manner as the Expences of building the said Offices and Re

positories are hereby direcicd to be paid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Sum of twenty-one thousand two hundred and ninety-hve Pounds thirteen S.nlimgs and two Pence, herein-before mentioned to have been n-id out of the Common and General Cash of the Suitors of the Court of Ciiancery, pursuant to th» feid the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty, shall be replaced, all the Securities,' purdufed purfuS so the n,m,n,«L or imv of them, shall be transferred to the Account here-

C UIM.VIVV.

High Court of Chancery, and shall make one aggregate Fund, with the Securities to be purchased pursuant to this Act, and to be placed to that Account; *>nd if there shall lie any Surplus Interests, or Dividends°of the Securities so to be transferred to the said last mentioned Account, after the said Sum of twenty- one tliou-sand two hundred and ninety-five Pounds thirteen Shillings and two Pence, and the several Salaries/payable out of the said last mentioned Interest and Dividends, up to the Time of such Transfer as aforesaid being made, then such Surplus shall be carried to the Account herein-belbre directed to be raised, of Interop arifin* frorn^ Monies placed cut for the Benefit and better Security of the Suiters of the High Court of Chancery' i ,m,i, ,1, and Dividends to arile from the Sect '

four Clerks for whom Salaries are provided oy the teverai ru ts or i ariiiuuciu iita-iiM>uuu.- mcmiuntu lc_ lating to the said Office of the Accountant General, and the Salaries provided by the said Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Mailers in Ordinary in Chancery, and also the several Salaries and Payments by this Act directed or authorised to be made, shall be paid out of the aggregate Fund of Money, placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security

of

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 42, 43. 229

of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, in the same Manner and at the same Times as such Payments-respectively are now made, or are hereby- directed or authorised to be made.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus interest and Annual Produce which shall arise from the Surplus ofln-Money placed out or to be placed out cn Securities pursuant to tire several Acts of Parliament above men- to be

' tioi"_d or referred to, and pursuant to this present Act, and which are to be carried to the Account of Monies P;,aced 00t on placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, beyond what Securih^Tnd shall be sufficient to answer the Purposes of this Act, and of the said former Acts, and also the Interest which appi £<j to,;*arin-shall be produced from the Securities to be purchased with such Surplus Intci eft, shall from Time to Time be iwer the De placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and shall be placed to the Credit of an Account to mands of Sui-be raised of Securities purchased, with the Surplus Interest arising from the Securities carried to the said Ac- ters lfnectfl*ry* count of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Secui ity of the Suitors of the PIigh Court of Chancery; and which Fund shall be applied to answer the Demands of the said Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, in case it shall at any Time be necessary to call in any of the Money of the said Suitois, which hath been or may be placed out on Securities.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor of Securit'es may. Great Britain, or Lord Keeper, or Lords Gommiffior.ers for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great be changed. Britain, for the Time being, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to change the Security

or Securities, or any Part of the Securities purchased pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament herein-beloie mentioned, or to be purchased pursuant to this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That if, at any Time hereafter, the Whole The Money or any Part of the said Money, placed out pursuant to the 'laid several recited Acts, or any of them, or placed out. nn-hereby directed or authorized to be placed out as aforesaid, shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of der or (t,r-the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, then, and in such Case, the said Court may and shall direct the ^trdfo answe fame, or any Part thereof, to be called in, or the Securities in which the lame shall be placed to be disposed Demands of s'air of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all Times be paid their respective Demands out of the tors, shall be. Common and General Cafn belonging to such Suitors. collect in.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar*, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee inro the Bahama and Bermuda 1 (lands, in Foreign Ships.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Drawback now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar of the preamb!e»

5 Britis7; Plantations fiorn this Kingdom, and the Bounty now payable on the Exportation of Refined Sugar, produced from Muscovado Sugar imported from the said Plantations, should cease whenever the Price of such Muscovado Sugar in this Kingdom shall exceed the Rates herein after mentioned May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if it shall appear by Notice in the if ie frail appear London Gazette in Manner hereafter directed, on the Saturday next following the fourth Wednesday in tile by Notices in Month of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, that the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado ,he C3*erte> at Sugar, exclusive of the Duty of Customs paid or payable thereon on the Importation thereof into Great Bri- h^efnn^nti tain (such Average Price to be made up and taken In Manner herein after mentioned) shall exceed sixty edrthauhe1100^' Shillings for an Hundred Weight thereof; and if it shall in like Manner appear on the Saturday next follow'- Average Price ing the third Wednesday in October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, that such Average Price shall of Muscovado exceed fifty-five Shillings for an Hundred Weight; and if it shall in the like Manner appear on the Saturday s,gar>exclusiv# next following the third VVcdmjday in the Months of February, June, and October respectively, in every fuc- custoT.?Uflianf ceeding Year, that such Average Price shall exceed fifty Shillings for an Hundred Weight, then and in every exceed* he such Case the Drawback now allowed, or which may hereafter be allowed, on the Exportation from this King- herein specifird*. dom, of Sugar of the British Plantations, shall from thenceforth cease to be allowed and paid on any Sugar the Drawback which shall be exported thenccfor;h after the End of one Day from the Port of London, and after the End of thereon> and lh*‘ three Days from any other Port in that Part of Great Britain called England, and after the End of five Days filed ro-from any Port in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland respectively, until the second, fourth, and sixth duced cheie-P Days respectively after new Average Prices shall have been made up and computed upon the fix last Weekly from, to cease Returns, and notified in the London Gazette in Manner herein directed; and the Bounty now payable or until new Ave-which may hereafter be payable on the Exportation from this Kingdom of Refined Sugar produced from r?ge l>ric€S Muscovado Sugar impoited from his Majesty's Plantations in America, shall cease to be allowed and paid on fiedln the Ga*" any such Refined Sugar which (Lull be exported thenceforth after the End of twenty-nine Days from the Port z*-te, exerc-*" of London, and after the End of thirty-one* Days from any other Port in that Part of Great Britain called such Sugar shall England, and after the End of thirty-thiee Days from any Port in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland be exported to respectively, until the thirtieth, shirty-second, and thirty-fourth Days respectively, after new Average Prices Jr*,anj; or shall have been made up and computed upon the fix last Weekly Returns, and notified in the London Gazette

in Manner herein directed, except such Sugar shall be exported to Ireland, or to some other Part of the British nions. °mi" Dominions.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall have entered Outwards any such Drawback to be* Sugar, and shall have begun to Clip or lade the same on Board during the Time that the Price of Sugar, taken »u°wed in Caseo-

, and Sugar i*

33°

fe?un to be (bipptd when the Price is un-tW <h* Sum it vbich the Drawback and fourty cease?,

though the Pi ice way ri re to that Sum before the I xportation. VVheo *he Drawback or Bounty shall not b: allowed, ro mote ihao she C^tantities of Sjfar herein IVetified frail be eiported to Cuernfey, &c.

Price? of Muf-xovado Sujsr to be ascertained in the Manner herein mentioned.

Clerk of the Gr^cert Com-piny to cause the Average Price to be in-frrtrd in the Gated* 3

and to krep a Bock containing the Accounts received from Importers, &C«

Treasury may appoint an Allowance to the said Clerk,

501. Penalty on Clrk lor Neg-U$.

Penalty on Importers, &c. neg-le^irg to deliver

C. 43. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

and notified in the Manner herein directed, shall be under the Sum at which the Drawback and Bounty shall cease to be allowed and paid on the Exportation of such Sugar at any of the aforesaid Ports respectively, such Person shall be allowed to export, and to receive the Drawback for the Sugar actually shipped or laden on Board for Exportation, although the Price of Sugar may have risen to the Sum at which the Drawback and Bounty shall cease to be allowed and paid on the Exportation thereof, after such Person shall have begun to ship the same, and before the Exportation thereof. Proof in such Case being made by the Exporter upon the Debenture, that the said Sugar was really and bond sids shipped or laden on Board.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever the Drawback or Bounty on Sugar shall not be allowed, according to the Provisions of this Act, it shall not be lawful to export to the Islands of Gucrtifiy, Jerfiy, Alderney, Sarky or Man, during any four Months in which such Drawback shall not be allowed, any greater Quantity of Brown or Muscovado Sugar than sixty hundred Weight toG:i:rnfcy% sixty hundred Weight to JirUj, ten hundredweight to Alderney and Sarky and forty hundred Weight to the Isle of Man; and that whenever the Bounty on Sugar shall not be allowed according to the Provisions of this Act, it fiui l not bo lawful to export to the said Islands, during any four Months in which such Bounty shall not be allowed, any greater Quantity of Refined Sugar than two hundred Hundred Weight to Guanjey, two hundred Hundred Weight to Jcrfy, thirty-three Hundred Weight to Alderney and Sark, and one hundred Hundred Weight to the Isle of Man.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Prices of such Brown or MidcovaJo Sugar shall, from Time to Time, be ascertained and taken in Manner *terein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) Every Importer or Importers of such Sugar within the City of London, or the Bills of Mortality, who shall, after the tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, by himself or themselves, his or their Sworn Broker, or any other Agent, acting in his or their Behalf, buy or fell any such Brown ox Muscovado Sugar, shall and is here by required, by himself or themselves, his or their Sworn Broker, or any other Agent ad ing in his or their Behalf, to deliver in upon Oath before the Lord Mayor, or any of the Aldermen of the said City of London, (which Oath the said Lord Mayor or Aldermen are hereby respectively authorised to administer,) to the Clerk of the Grocers Company now and for the Time being, on or before Wednesday in every Week, a true Account of the Quantities of such Brown or Muscovado Sugar bought or sold.by him or them, his, her, or their Sworn Broker, or any other Agent acting in his or their Behalf in the preceding Week, specifying the Name of the Ship in which such Sugar was imported, and the Name of the Captain of such Ship, and also the Marks and Packages, and the Sum Total of the Net Landing Weights of such Sugar, as far as the same can be made out, and the Price paid for each Quantity respectively; and the said Clerk of the Grocers Company shall, and he is hereby required to compute and make up in every Week, from the Accounts so delivered to him of the said Quantities and Prices of fuclv Sugar bought or sold by the said Importer or Importers, his or their Sworn Broker, or any other Agent acting in his or their Behalf in the Week immediately preceding, the Average Price of such Sugar, and shall cause such Average Price to be published every Saturday in the London Gazette \ and the said Clerk of the Grocers Company shall, and he is hereby required to compute and make up, on the fourth Wednesday in the Month of jWp, and on the third Wednesday in the Month of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and on the third Wednesday in the Months of February, June, and October, in every succeeding Year, from the Accounts (b delivered to him, of the Quantities and Prices of such Sugar so bought or sold in the six Weeks immediately preceding, the Average Price of such Sugar during the said six Weeks j and the said Clerk of the Grocers Company shall, and he is hereby required to cause the Average Price of such Sugar, during the said six Weeks, taken in the Manner herein-before mentioned, to be published on the Saturday immediately following the Wednesday on which he is directed to compute and make up the said Average Price in the London Gazette; and such Average Price shall be deemed and taken to be the Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar for the Purpose of regulating the allowing of the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar of the British Plantations, and the Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of refined Sugar, produced from Muscovado Sugar imported from his Majesty's Plantations in America, for the several Periods respectively in the Manner herein-before directed.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Register or Book shall be kept by the said Clerk of the Grocers Company, containing all the Accounts so received by him, from Time to Time, from the Importer or Importers, his or their Sworn-Broker, or any other Agent ailing in his or their Behalf and of the Average Prices by him computed and made up from the same, which Register or Book shall and may at convenient Times be inspected by any Person or Persons whatever, upon paying the Fee of one ShiL ling and no more for the same.

V L And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful ?br the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, to appoint for the said Clerk of the Grocers Company such Salary and Allowance as shall be deemed by them to be proper and jsufficient Compensation for his Time and Trouble in exccuting*the said Office, of receiving the Accounts of the Quantities and Prices of Sugar, and making the Computation herein-before directed $ and if the said Clerk of the Grocers Company shall neglect to do and perform what he is required by, this Act to do and perioral, he shall forfeit and pay for every such Neglect the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster% wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Importer or Importers, or any Sworn Broker* or other Agent acting in his or their Behalf, shall refuse or negledLto deliver in upon Oath a true Account of the

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 43.

Quantities of Brown and Muscovado Sugar, by him bought or sold, specifying the Name of the Ship in which such Sugar was imported, and the Name of the Captain of such Ship, and also the Maiks and Packages, and the Sum Total of the Net Landing Weights of such Sugar, as far as the same can be made out, and the Price paid for each Quantity respectively, as herein-before required, he, they, or any of them, being the actual Buyer or Seller of such Sugar, shall forfeit and pay for every Cask of Sugar, for which he or they shall so refuse or neglect to deliver in an Account, the Sum of forty Shillings, to any one who will prosecute and fee for the same, to be recovered beforqthe Lord Mayor, or any Aldermen of the said City, on the Oath of any one or more credible Witnesses.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before any Brown or Muscovado Sugar shall be exported on Drawback, or any Refined Sugar shall be exported on Bounty, from Great Britain for Ireland, or any other Part of the British Dominions, according to the Provisions of this Act, the Exporter or Exporters thereof shall become bound to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in a Bond, together with the Mailer or Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Sugars respectively are intended to be ex;>orted, and also with one I'ufEcient Surety, to be approved by the Collector and Comptroller of the Cuiloms at the Port of Exportation, in treble the Value thereof, with Condition that the said Sugars respectively so exported shall be landed at the respective Ports or Places for which the same shall have been entered, and shall not be relanded in any Part of this Kingdom, nor be landed or sold in the Isle of Mgti, or landed or sold in the Islands of Guernsey, ferfy, Alderney, or Sark, unless exported for the said ((lands of Guernsey, jferfey, Alderney, Sark, and Man respectively, under the Provisions and Regulations of this Act; and such Bond shall be discharged in the Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to say) For such of the said Sugars respectively as shall be entered for or landed in the Kingdom of Ireland, ox any Part of Europe, the Condition of the Bond shall be to bring a Certificate in Discharge thereof within six Months from the Date of the Bond; and for such of the said Sugars respectively as shall be entered for or landed in any Part of Africa and on this Side the Cape of Good Hope, or in any Part of America, within eighteen Months from the Date of the Bond; and for such of the said Sugars respectively as shall be entered for or landed at Saint Helena, or in any Port or Place at or beyond the Cape of Good Hope, within thirty Months after the Date of the Bond: Which said Certificate, for llich of the said Sugars re(be£tively as shall be landed in any Port or Place of Ireland, or any other Part of his Majesty's Dominions, Plantations, or Settlements, where any Officer of his Majesty's Customs shall be resident, shall be signed by the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs there, certifying that such Sugars respectively were there landed; and for Want of such Officer residing the re, it shall then be signed by the Governor of such Islands, Dominions, Plantations, or Settlements, or, in his Absence, by the Deputy Governor thereof respectively; and in the Islands of Guernsey, ferfey, Alderney, Sark, and Alan, it shall in all Cases be signed by the Governor or Dqiuty Governor thereof, as well as by the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs; and such Bond may also be discharged, upon Proof made to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively for the Time being, that such Sugars respectively were taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted bjr the Authority aforesaid, That no Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or allowed for or upon any of the said Sugars respectively exported, according to the Provisions of this Act, from this Kingdom to Ireland, or to the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and Man respectively, nor any Debenture made out for such Drawback or Bounty until a Certificate shall be produced under the Hands and Seals of the Collector, Comptroller, and Surveyor of the Customs, or any two of them, belonging to such Port in Ireland, or from the Register of Certificates, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, in the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and Man respectively, where the said Sugar shall have been landed, certifying that the same has been landed there, any Law, Custom, or Usage tc^ the contrary notwithstanding.

X. € And whereas by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Groivtb, Produce, or Manufacture of any if his Ma-

Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain,

and navigated according to Laiv; it is among other Things enactec). That it shall be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects, in any Ship or Vessel built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, and be- longing to any of his Majesty's Subjects, whereof the major Part shall be residing in Great Britain, or in feme of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, that shall clear Outwards in any Port of Great Britain, for ‘any of the said Colonies, to ship or load, in the said Colonies, or any of them, any Sugars of the Growth and Produce of the said Colonies, or any of them, and to carry the same from thence to any Foreign Part of 1 Europe, provided a Licence be first taken out for that Purpose, under the Hands of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at London or Edinburgh, or any three or more of them respectively, subject to the Re-1 gulations, and on the Conditions therein-after mentioned: And whereas, by another A6h passed in the fif- teenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to revive everal Acts for the PuniJI)-4 ment of Persons destroying Turnpikes or Locks, ot other Works erected by Authority of Parliament, and for other 1 Purposes therein-mentioned; and to continue everal Acts relating to Rice, to Frauds in the Cuiloms, to the clan- del line running of Goods, and to Copper Ore of the British Plantations; and for extending the Liberty given by the Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for carrying Sugar of the Gro ivtb of the Bri tifli Sugar Colonies in America, to Ships belonging to any of his Majestys Subjects residing in Great Britain, and na- vigated according to Law; and for the more effectual preventing the cutting of Star or Bent; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects, in any Ship or Vessel built in Great Britain, or belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects residing in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, to ship or load, in any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, any Sugars of It Geo. III. H h 4 the

231

in Account! a» nquired by ih* AtX, upon Oath.

Exporter* and Mailers 10 enter into Bond for the due Export tation of Sugar.

How such Bonds shall be discharged.

Ho Drawback er

Bounty to be allowed on Sugar exported to Ireland, or Guernsey, &c. until a Certificate be produced of its being landed.

!2^eo. 2. c. and

15 Geo. a. c. 33. recited.

23 2

When Draw-

b ck shall te<*fe ur»<kr the Provisions of this Act, the Cumin iflionfrs of the Curt rns not to grant any Licence by virtue of the recited Acts until the rew Average Prices shall be puohrt.eJ in k\ e Gazette, dec.

Sugar and Coffee, not of the H i ith Plantations, may be in'p »rted in Bri-tifl) built Ships into the l orrs of London. Arc. on the Condition herein pcified, Without *Jay-xr.eut of Duty j

and may be exported direct, from Warehouse?, Duty-

t'n-;

but if taken out it r Home Con-sump'ion the Duty must be first paid.

Sugar and Coffee, the Produce rf any Foreign Country, may be imported into the Bahama Illinds and Bermuda, in Foreign Ship*, ful jest to the ReguU tool of 17 Cieo. 3. c. 27; and 30 Geo. 3. Ci 29.

Sugar or Ci ffee imp 'r ed trom the Bahama

Islands or Bermuda, to be deemed nor of the British Plan* taciobt.

How Penal:iea may be surd fer, and disposed of.

C. 43. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said Colonies, or any of them, and to carry the lame from thence in any such Ships or Vessels to any Foreign Parts of Europe, subject nevertheless to all such Rules,

Entries, Securities, Restrictions, Regulations, Limitations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are in and by the said Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for that Purpose particu- larly appointed and enabled Be it enacted, That whenever the Drawback shall have ceased to be allowed or paid as herein-before provided, it shall net be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs at London or Edinburgh respectively to make out or grant any such Licence by virtue of the said Acts, until new Average Prices shall be made up and computed upon the iix last Weekly Returns, and publdhed in the London Gazette in Manner herein directed; and that wot never it shall appear by the London Gazette to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, that the lait Average Weekly Price shall have exceeded the Sum at which, according to the Provisions of this Act, the Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar would ccaie at the Periods herein-before mentioned, it shall not in any Case be lawful for the said Commissioners reflectively to grant any such Licence, at any Time during the Course of the Week next ensuing; and that if any such Licence as aforesaid, made out or granted by virtue of the said Acts, shall not be delivered for the Purposes directed in the said Acts to the Collector of the Port in some of his Majesty's Colonies at which such Ship is to take in her Lading, within sixty Days from the Date of such Licence, the lame shall be void and of no Filed; and it shall not be lawful by virtue thereof for the Collector, Comptroller, or Naval Officer of such Port, to indorse any Certificate on such Licence, or for any Person or Persons to ship and load any Sugar, 3nd carry the tame to any foreign Part in Europe, any Thing in the said Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,!'hat Sugar and Coffee, not of the British Plantations, when imported into Great Britain in British-built Ships, owned, registered, and navigated, according to Law, from any Country or Place not in Europe, shall and may, upon the importation thereof into the Ports of London, Bristol, Liverpool, Lancaster, Glasgow, and Leith, or any or either of them, upon being duly entered, be forthwith landed from on Board the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so imported, in the Prel'ence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs at the Port in which the same shall be so imported, without Payment of iany Duty whatever, provided that an exact Account be taken of the Weight thereof, and entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the proper Officer of the Customs at the said Port, and that the same shall upon landing be immediately lodged and secured, under the joint Locks of his Majesty and the Importer or Proprietor thereof, in such Warehouses as shall be fit for that Purpose, to be provided at the sole Expence of the Importer or Proprietor of such Sugar or Coffee, with the Approbation and under the Care and Inspection of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, or the Collector and Comptroller at the Port where such Sugar or Coffee shall be imported; and such Sugar and Coffee may be again exported directly from such Warehouses without Payment of any Duty whatever, provided such Sugar and Coffee be duly entered for Exportation; and regularly shipped and exported according to the Laws in force at the Lime of exporting such Sugar or Coffee; but if such Sugar or Coffee shall be intended to be taken out of such Warehouses to be used or consumed in this Kingdom, the Importer or Proprietor shall first pay to the proper Officer of the Customs and Excise respectively, such Duties of Customs and Excise as shall be then payable by Law on the Importation into Great Britain of such Sugar and Coffee.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to import intd the Port of Nassau, in the Bland of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, and into such other Port or Ports in the said Bahama Inlands, or the Island of Bermuda, as shall be approved by his Majesty in Council, Sugar and Coffee, the Produce of any foreign Country or Plantation, in such foreign Ships, and subject to such Regulations, as are prescribed in an Act passed in the twemy-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, sin Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports rf Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica; in the Port of Saint George, in the Island of Grenada; in the Port of Roseau, in the Island of Dominica; and in the Port ^Nassau, in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and RestrilJiom, with respect to the Ports therein mentioned; and another Act made in the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending an Act, pfljed in the twenty-sevent b Pear rf the Reign of his preflnt Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the l*flm 4i portation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of fCingfton, Savannah la Alar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica; in the Port of Saint George, in the Island of Grenada; in the Port of Roseau, in the Island of Dominica; and in the Port of Nassau, in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; and for regulating the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Commodities, the Growth and Production of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec."

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Importation of Sugar or Coffee into Great Britain, or into any other Part of his Majesty's Dominions from the said Port of Nassau, in the Island of New Providence, or such other Port or Ports in the Bahama Islands, or island of Bermuda, as shall be approved by his Majesty in Council, such Sugar and Coffee shall respectively be deemed to be not of the British Plantations, and shall be liable to, and shall pay Duties of Customs and Excise as such, and be subject to the Regulations of this Act, and of each and every other Act and Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of the Importation of such Sugar or Coffee, so far as they relate to Sugar or Coffee not of the British Plantations.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed and incurred i>y this Act, shall and may be feed for, prosecuted, and recovered in such Courts, and be dif-

posed

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 43, 44,

posed of in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalties or Forfeitures imposed, or which may be incurred for any Offence committed against the Laws of the Customs, may legally be lued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for exending the srovisions of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower tht Magistrates therein mentioned to settle and regulate the Wages of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture within their respective Jurisdictions, to Manufactories of Silk mixed with other Materials; and for the more effectual Punishment of Buyers and Receivers of Silk purloined and embezzled by Persons employed in the Manufacture thereof.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to empower the Magistrates therein mentioned to settle and regulate the Wages of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture within their respective Jurisdictions, it was enacted, That the Wages and Prices for Work of the Journeymen Weavers within the City of London should be settled, regulated, and declared by the Lord Mayor, Recorder, and Aldelmen of the said City; and in all Places in the County of Middlesex by the Justices of the Peace of the said County; and in all Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden in and for the said City and Liberty; and in all Places within the Liberty of the Tower of London, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden in and for the said Liberty, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace respectively; and certain Penalties are by the said Act inflicted on all Master Weavers within any of the said Districts who should give more or leis Wages, or pay larger or less Prices to any of the said Journeymen Weavers, for their Work, than should be settled or allowed as aforesaid; and also upon all Journeymen Weavers within the Districts aforesaid, who should ask, receive, or take more or less Wages, or larger or less Prices for their Work than should be settled by the respective Quarter Sessions as aforesaid; or who should enter into any Combination to raise the Wages or Prices of the said Work; or for that Purpose decoy, solicit, or intimi- date any Journeymen Weavers within the Districts aforesaid, so that they should quit their Matters for whom they should then be employed; or who should assemble themselves in order to frame or deliver Peti- tions, or other Representations touching their Wages, or Price of Work, contrary to the said Act, and divers salutary Regulations and Provisions are established by the said Act for carrying the same into Execution: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said Act extends to Persons employed in the Manufac- tures of Silk mixed with other Materials :* For obviating the refore such Doubts, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted and declared; and be it enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lord Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the City of London, and the Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions throughout the several and respective Districts in the said Act mentioned, shall, from Time to Time, settle, regulate, order, and declare the Wages and Prices of Work of the Journeymen Weavers working within their respective Jurisdictions in any Manufacture of Silk mixed or wrought up with any other Materials, in like Manner as they are respectively authorised and impowered by the said recited Act to settle, regulate, order, and declare the same in the Manufacture of Silk only; and that the said recited Act, and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Restrictions, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and other Matters and Things therein contained, shall extend, and be deemed, adjudged, and construed to extend, and are hereby declared to extend to all Persons employed in or about any of the Manufactures of Silk mixed or wrought up with any other Materials within the respective Districts in the said Act mentioned, in as full and ample Manner as the said Powers, Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Restrictions, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and other Matters and Things, are by the said recited Act declared to extend to the several and respective Persons therein named; and the same respectively shall be applied, practised, and put in Execution for and in respect of all such Manufactures of Silk mixed or wrought up with any other Materials, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said Powers, Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Restrictions, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and other Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Ottence, either against the said Act of the thirteenth Year of his said present Majesty, or against this Act, shall cause such respective Conviction to be drawn up in the Form, or to the tffedt following; (that is to say,)

S 4 in E it remembered, That on this Day of in the Tear of our

to wit. \ 4 Lord A.B. is convicted before us of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of or for the City, Liberty, Town or Place [as the

Case may be],/i?r [here specify the Offence, and when and where the same was committed]; and we the said Justices do adjudge him [or her] to pav and forfeit for the same the Sum of Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day and Tear ft ft above-written.'

233

[Preamble.]

13 Geo. 3. c. 6$, recited.

Wages of Journeymen Weaver! in any Manufacture of Silk mixed witholher Materials to be feilkd as directed by the recited Act1, with regard to Silk Weavers, &c.

Juices to cause Conudions to be drawn up in the iullovting

Form,

234

and transmitted to the next Quarter Session*

No Proceedings to be qu.iftied for Want of Form, Arc.

2i Geo. 2. c. 27. and 17 Geo. 3. c. 56. &c, recited.

From June 14, 1797, Persons buyin^&c. Silk, from ihofe employed to woik up any Silk Ma-nufacture, &c. knowing them to be so employed, liable to Pu-fifishment,&c.

as also,.Perf- ns felling, &c. purloined Silk*

[Preamble.]

17 Geo. 2. c. 5.

recited.

Rogues or Vagabonds ordered to be conveyed by PafTcs, agreeable

C. 44, 45. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

And the said Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall cause the same, so drawn up in the Form aforesaid, to be fairly written upon Parchment, and transmitted to the next General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for the County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place wherein such Conviction shall be had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General or Quarter Session.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against the said Act of the thirteenth Year of his said present Majesty, or this Act, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari into his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or any other Court whaUbever.

IV. And whereas by divers Acts of Parliament, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

certain Pains, Penalties, and Forfeiture, are inflicted on Persons who should buy, receive, accept, or take by way of Gift, Pawn, Pledge, Sale, or Exchange, or in any other Manner whatever, of or from any Person or Persons hired or employed in any of the Manufactures therein mentioned, any Materials of such Ma- nufacture, whether first wrought, made up, or manufactured, or not knowing the Person or Persons of whom the said ^Materials were bought, received, accepted, or taken, to be so hired or employed, without the Con- sent of the Persons so hiring or employing the m-, or who should buy, receive, accept, or take in any Maiv- ner whatsoever, any of the said Materials, whether the same be or be not first wrought, made up, or manufactured, knowing the same to be purloined or embezzled: And whereas the Penalties and Forfeitures to which Offenders against the said Acts are subject, have not been sufficient to deter Persons from committing the like Offences in receiving purloined and embezzled Materials of Silk, used in the Manufactories of Silk, unmixed or mixed with other Materials ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any Person or Persons shall buy, receive, accept, or take by way of Gift, Pawn, Pledge, Sale, or Exchange, or in any other Manner whatsoever, of or from any Person or Persons hired or employed to prepare or work up the Silk Manufacture, or any Manufacture of Silk mixed with other Materials, any Silk, whether the same or any Part thereof be or be not first wrought, made up, or manufactured, and whether the same be or be not mixed with other Materials, knowing such Person or Persons to be so hired or employed as aforesaid, and not having first obtained the Consent of the Person or Persons so hiring or employing him, her, or them as aforesaid, or whether any Silk shall have been purloined or embezzled by any Person or Persons, shall buy, receive, accept, or take in any Manner whatsoever, of or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, any such Silk, whether the same be wrought or umvrought, mixed or unmixed, knowing the same to have been purloined or embezzled; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so buying, receiving, accepting, or taking any such Silk,-shall and may be proceeded against as directed by the said recited Acts of the twenty-second of George the Second, and the seventeenth of his present Majesty, or may be prosecuted for a Misdemeanor, and shall be punished by Fine, Imprisonment, or Whipping, as the Court of General or Quarter Sessions, who are hereby impowered to try such Offenders, or as any other Court before which he, she, or they shall be tried, shall think fit to inflict, although no Proof upon such Trial shall be given to whom such Silk doth belong, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any Person or Persons shall fell, pawn, pledge, exchange, or otherwise unlawfully dispose of any Silk, whether wrought or unwrought, mixed or unmixed, knowing the same to have been lb purloined or embezzled, every such Person or Persons lawfully convicted as aforesaid, shall be liable to the lame Punishment as Persons coiwiCled of receiving purloined or embezzled Silk, knowing the same to have been purloined or embezzled, would be liable to by virtue of this Act.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction.

WHEREAS great Abuses are committed in conveying, from one Place to another by Pafles, Per- fbns who are not Rogues or Vagabonds, or in conveying such Persons who are Rogues and Vagabonds, without complying with the Directions of the Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws re-4 /ating to Rogues^ Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons and to Houses of Correction -y which said Act directs, that such Persons only shall be conveyed by a Pass, under the Hand and Seal of a Justice of Peace, who have been first publickly whipt or confined in the House of Correction: And whereas the said Act, in other Respects, requires to be amended may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That when any Justice of the Peace shall order to be conveyed by a Pass, under his Hand and Seal, any Rogue or Vagabond, according to the Provisions of the said Act, such Rogue or Vagabond shall be either publickly whipt, or be sent to the House of Correction, there to remain until the next General or

Quarter

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 45.

Quarter Sessions, or for any Rich less Time as such Justice of the Peace shall think proper; provided that such leis Time shall be at the lead for the Space of seven Days, and that such Justice of the Peace shall certify, in the Pass by which such Person shall be ordered to be conveyed, that such Person has been actually publickly whipt, or confined in the House of Correction for at least the Space of seven Days; provided also, that no Person shall be so whipt or imprisoned, and conveyed by a Pass as a Rogue or Vagabond, who shall not have committed an Act of Vagrancy within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, and who shall not have been convicted thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Justice of the Peace shall order any Reward to be paid.to any Constable or other Person for apprehending any Rogue or Vagabond, until such Rogue cr Vagabond shall have been punished as hereby directed, and until the Examination required by the aforesaid Act be actually transmitted to the next General or Quarter Sessions, there to be filed and kept on Record.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Female shall be guilty of any Offence, for which she shall be convicted as a Rogue and Vagabond, or incorrigible Rogue, before any Justice of the Peace, or the Court of General or Quarter Sessions, in no Case whatever such Justice, or Court of General or Quarter Sessions, shall inflict the Punishment of Whipping upon such Female Rogue and Vagabond, or incorrigible Rogue; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any of his Majesty's Judges at the Assizes, and the Justices at the General or Quarter Sessions, or any Justice of the Peace, is and are hereby empowered to order, whenever he or they shall think proper, any Convict, upon his Discharge from Prison, to be conveyed by Pass under Hand and Seal, in Manner and Form directed by the aforesaid Act, and according to the Pro-vlfions therein contained; and the Judge, Justices, or Justice aforesaid, is or are also empowed to convey by Pass any Person who shall be acquitted at the Assizes, or General or Quarter Sessions, or discharged by Proclamation or otherwise, who shall of himself or herself, or by any other Person in his or her Behalf, apply to the Court whereat he or she has been acquitted or discharged, or to any Justice of the Peace, to be conveyed as aforesaid; and the Judge, Justices, or Justice aforesaid, shall certify in such Pass that the Person so conveyed was discharged from Prison, or a Person acquitted, or otherwise discharged, at the Assizes or Sessions, as the Case may be; and such Convict, or Person acquitted or discharged, shall pay no Fee whatever for such Pass.

V. And whereas the present Mode of conveying Vagrants in the Custody of a Constable is frequently inefficient, from the Misconduct and Negligence of Constables be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace, at the General or Quarter Sessions held for any County, Riding, City, Borough, Town Corporate, Division, or Liberty, or any Adjournment thereof, shall be empowered to make an Order that all Rogues and Vagabonds apprehended in their respective Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Divisions or Liberties, and who are ordered to be conveyed by. Pass, shall be conveyed by the Master of the House of Correction or his Servants, or by a Constable, as such Justices at the General or Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, shall think proper; and such Justices shall also be empowered to make an Order, if they think proper, that all Constables to whom Rogues or Vagabonds, brought from another County, Riding, City, Borough, Town Corporate, Division, or Liberty, are delivered, shall forthwith convey such Rogues and Vagabonds to the nearest House of Correction in their County, Riding, City, Borough, Town Corporate, Division, or Liberty, to be afterwards forwarded by the Master of the House of Correction, or his Servants, as aforesaid, and according to the Provisions of the said recited

a a.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, City, Borough, Town Corporate, Division, or Liberty, shall and may, at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, from Time to Time, limit, appoint, and direct. what Rates and Allowances per Mile, or other wise, shall be made for the passing, conveying, or maintaining of Rogues, Vagabonds, or incorrigible. Rogues, to be passed or conveyed as aforesaid, and may likewise make such other. Orders, Rules, and Directions for the more regular proceeding or acting the rein, within their respective Limits and Jurisdictions', as they in their Discretion shall think proper; which Rates, Allowances, Orders, Rules, and Directions, shall from Time to Time be observed and Submitted to by all Justices of the Peace, Constables, Officers, and, other Persons within the said Limits and Jurisdictions respectively.

VII. And whereas Soldiers travelling from one Place to another,.having.a Certificate from their Officers,.

or the Secretary at War, are permitted to beg, and that Mariners or Seafaring Men discharged are licensed c to beg, by some Testimonial or Writing under the Hand and Seal of a Justice of the Peace: And whereas- such Permission to beg is highly improper;' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid,'!'hat every Soldier and Mariner wandering abroad and begging, shall be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond within the Meaning of the said Act.

VIII. And whereas several Persons, by their wilful Default and Neglect, permit their Wives and 4 Children to become chargeable to their respective Parishes or Townships be it therefore enacted, That if it> shall be made appear to any two Justices of the Peace, that any. poor Person shall not use proper Means to get Employment, or, if he is able to work, by his Neglect of Work, or by spending. his Money in Alehouse: or Places of bad Repute, or in any other improper Manner, shall not apply a proper Proportion of the Money earned by him towards the Maintenance of his Wife and Family, by which wilful Default or Neglect they, or any of them, shall become chargeable to their Parish or Township, he shall be considered as an idle and disorderly Person, and be subject to such Punishment, and in such Manner,.as is directed for idle and difor-tferly Persons by the aforesaid ACEs

23^5

to she redted

AO-, to be pub* hckly whipt, or confined in a House of Correction, ore.

No Reward to be paid for apprehending Rogues or Vagabonds, until they shall have been pu-nished, &c,

/No Female Vagabond to be whipt.

Convlds discharged from Prison, and Persons acquitted at A fiizes, See, may be conveys by Pafles, &c*.

Justices may or*-der Vagrants to be conveyed by Matters of Houses of Correction, &c«.

Justices at Sessions to direct what Rates shall be allowed for patTing, &c. Rogues, &c.

Soldiers and Ma---rinera, wandering and begging, to be deemed Vagabonds,

Persons neglecting to provide for' their Families, to be deemed idle and difor»-derly.

236

[Preamble,

, Hi* MaiePy, under the Great Seal, may insti-tute a Court of Criminal and Civil Jurisdiction at Newfoundland, &c»

The Governor with the Advice of the Chief Justice may in-ftitu e Surrogate Courts, &c.

Mode of Proceedings in the Supren e and Surrogate Courts.

In Actions exceeding 10l. Jurors may be summoned \ but if a sufficient Number should not appear, two A (Teflon, with the Chief Justice or Surrogate?, may proceed to 7"rial.

C. 46. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the islands adjacent.

c FOR the better Administration of Justice in the Island of Newfoundland, and the islands adjacent JP be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by his Commission under the Great Seal, to institute a Court of Criminal and Civil Jurisdiction, to be called, The Supreme Court of Judicature of the Island of Newfoundland, with full Power and Authority to hold Plea of all Crimes and Misdemeanors committed within the Island of Newfoundland, and on the islands and Seas to which Ships or Vessels repair from the Island of Newfoundland, for carrying on the Fishery, and on the Banks of Newfoundland, in the same Manner as Plea is holden of Crimes and Misdemeanors committed in that Part of Great Britain called England, and also with full Power and Authority to hold Plea, as herein after mentioned, of all Suits and Complaints of a Civil Nature, arising Within the Island of Newfoundland, and on the islands and Seas aforesaid, and on the Banks of Newfoundland; which Court shall determine such Suits and Complaints of a Civil Nature, according to the Law of England, as far as the same can be applied to Suits and Complaints arising in the islands and Places aforesaid *, and the said Court shall be a Court of Record, and shall be holden by a Chief Justice to be appointed by his Majesty, who shall have full Power and Authority to enquire of, hear, and determine all Crimes and Misdemeanors, Suits, and Complaints, cognizable in the said Court; and such Court shall have such Clerks and Ministerial Officers as the Chief Justice shall think proper to appoint; and such Salary shall be paid to the said Chief Justice, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall approve and direct, and such Salaries be paid to the Clerks and Ministerial Officers aforesaid, as shall be approved by the Chief Justice, with the Content of the Governor of the Island of Newfoundland; which several Salaries shall respectively be in lieu of all other Profits and Emoluments whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor of the Island of Newfoundland^ with the Advice of such Chief Justice, from Time to Time, to institute Courts of Civil Jurisdiction, to be called Surrogate Courts, in different Parts of the Island of Newfoundland, and the islands aforesaid, as Occasion shall require, with full Power and Authority to hear and determine, in the like summary Way, all Suits and Complaints of a Civil Nature arising within the Island of Newfoundland, and on the islands and Seas aforesaid, and on the Banks of Newfoundland \ which Courts shall respectively be Courts of Record, and shall determine according to the Law of England, as far as the same can be applied to Suits and Complaints arising in the islands and Places aforesaid; and the said Courts respectively shall be holden by a Surrogate, to be appointed from Time to Time by the Governor of the said Island, with the Approbation of such Chief Justice, and shall have full Power and Authority to hear and determine all Suits and Complaints cognizable in the said Court; and the said Court shall have such Clerks and Ministerial Officers, with such Salaries as the Chief Justice Shall appoint, which Salaries shall be in lieu of all Profits and Emoluments whatever.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Supreme Courts and Surrogate Courts respectively, when any Suit or Complaint shall be depending the rein, to cause to appear from Day to Day, all Persons interested in the Matter in Dispute, and to examine upon Oath such of them as it shall be deemed proper, for better discovering the Truth, and thereupon, and after due Confederation of all Circumstances, to make such Order, Judgement, or Decree therein, and award such Damages and Costs, >s the Cate shall require; and that in all Cases where the Cause of any Suit or Complaint shall not exceed five Pounds, the Party who is to answer such Suit or Complaint shall be made to appear in Court by Summons; and in all Cases where such Summons shall be disobeyed, or where the Cause of any Suit or Complaint shall exceed five Pounds, then that the Party who is to answer such Suit or Complaint may be caused to appear by Attachment of his or her Goods, Debts, or Effects, or by Arrest of the Person, and that the Execution of any Order, Judgement, or Decree may be enforced by Attachment of the Goods, Debts, or Credits of the Party, or by Arrest of the Person against whom such Order, Judgement, or Decree shall be made; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Chief Justice and Surrogates respectively, to authorise some Person in his or their Absence respectively, to issue Process, and do all Acts.appertaining to the said Supreme Court, and Surrogate Courts respectively, save and except the enquiring of, hearing, and determining of any Crime or Misdemeanor, or any Suit or Complaint of a Civil Nature.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, where the Cause of Action shall exceed the Sum of ten Pounds, and it shall be prayed by the Defendant in such Suit or Complaint, that a Jury may be summoned to try such Action, it shall be lawful for the said Chief Justice and Surrogates respectively, and he and they are hereby respectively required to cause twenty-four Persons to be summoned, of whom twelve shall be a Jury for the Trial of such Action, and to proceed therein according to Law: Provided always, That, if a Number of Jurors sufficient for the Trial of such Action having been duly summoned shall not appear to be sworn, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor of the said Island, and the Surrogates in their teveral Courts respectively, to nominate and appoint two proper Persons to be Assessors to the said Chief Justice, who, together with the said Chief Justice or Surrogates respectively, shall proceed to the Trial of such Action, in like Manner as if such Jury had not been prayed.

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 46

V. And be it further enacted, That upon any Decree or Judgement given in a Surrogate Court, for any Sum exceeding forty Pounds, it shall be lawful for the Party against whom such Decree.pr Judgement shall be given, to appeal therefrom to the Supreme Court, having first given Notice of such Intention, and having entered into a Security to the Surrogate, in double the Sum for which such Judgement or Decree was given or made, within two Days after making or giving such judgement or Decree, for duly prosecuting such Ap-

1>ea!; and upon any Decree or Judgement given in the Supreme Court, for any Sum exceeding one hundred ^ounds, it shall be lawful for the Party, against whom such Decree or Judgement shall be given or made, to appeal therefrom to his Majesty in Council, having first given notice of such Intention, and having entered into Security, to be approved by the Chief Justice, in double the Sum for which such Judgement or Decree was given or made, within two Days after the giving or making of such Judgement or Decree, for duly prosecuting such Appeal; and in all Cases of Appeal, as soon as Notice shall be given, and Security entered into as aforesaid, Execution shall be stayed, but not otherwise.

VI. And whereas it will greatly contribute to the Advancement of the Trade and Fishery of New- foundland, if such Effects as Persons becoming insolvent in the said Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands aforesaid, were possessed of or entitled unto, within the said Island, or on the Islands or Seas aforesaid, or on the Banks of Newfoundland, should be divided among their Creditors with more Equality than hath hither- to been practised be it further enacted, That, as often as the Goods, Debts, and Credits of any Person shall be attached, and it shall be made appear to the Court out of which the Process of Attachment hath issued, that the Goods, Debt?, and Credits so attached are not sufficient to pay twenty Shillings in the Pound to all those who shall be Creditors by Reason of Debts contrafted within the Island of Newfoundland, and on the Islands and Seas aforesaid, or on the Banks of Newfoundland, it shall be lawful for such Court to summon the Party whose Goods, Debts, and Credits are so attached, together with the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs who have sued out any Attachment, and also such Persons who are known to be Creditors as aforesaid of the Defendant, to appear in Court at a certain Day; and if upon a due Examination of the Defendant, and the said Creditors, it shall appear that he or she is insolvent, the Court shall declare him or her insolvent accordingly, and shall immediately proceed to take Order for discovering, collecting, and felling the Effects and Debts of such Person, and distributing the Produce thereof rateably amongst all the said Creditors of such Person so declared insolvent, or to authorize some Person or Persons, being a Creditor or Creditors, to perform the same, such Person or Persons first entering into a Recognizance in such Sum as the Court shall think fit, for the due Performance of his or their Duty therein; and that such Couu mall from Time to Time make such Order therein as shall be deemed proper, for better discovering, collecting, and felling die Effects and Debts, and making a rateable Distribution thereof among the said Creditors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in the Distribution to be made of the Estate and Effects of such Person so declared insolvent, every Fisherman and Seaman employed in the Fishery, who shall be a Creditor for Wages become due in the then Current Season, shall first be paid twenty Shillings in the Pound, so far as the Effects will go; and in the next Place, every Person who shall be a Creditor for Supplies furnished in the Current Season, shall be paid twenty Shillings in the Pcund; and lastly, the said Creditors for Supplies furnished in the then Current Season, and all other Creditors whatsoever, shall be pau! equally in Proportion, as far as the Effects will go, provided that the said Creditors for Supplies furnished in ihe then Current Season shall not be paid more than twenty Shillings in the Pound on the Whole of -heir Debt.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if such insolvent Person shall make a true Disclosure and Discovery of all his or her Goods and Effects whatsoever, and shall conform him or herself to the Order and Direction of the said Court, the same shall and may (with the Content of one Half in.N umber and Value of his or her Creditors) be certified by the said Court, and such Certificate, when pleaded, shall be a Bar to all Suits and Complaints for Debts contracted within the Island of Newfoundland, and on the Islands and Seas aforesaid, and on the Banks of Newfoundland, prior to the Time when he or she was declared insolvent.

IX. And be it further enacted, That where any Cause of Asti«n shall have arisen before the first Day of Juguji one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, no Suit or Complaint shall be commenced thereon at the Distance of more than six Years from the Time when such Cause of Action arose.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Chief Justice, or any Person or Persons appointed l>y. him for that Purpose, under his Hand and Seal, shall have Power to grant Administration of the Effects of Intrftates, and the Probate of Wills; and that the Effects of deceased Persons shall not be administered within the Island of Newfoundland, or on the Islands and Seas aforesaid; or on the Banks of Newfcun Hand, unless Administration thereof, or Probate of Wills respecting the same, shall have been duly granted by such Authority as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing a Court of Civil furfutiion in the If and of Newfoundland, for a limited Time, which Act was to have continued in force from the tenth Day of June one thousand seven hun I red and ninety-one, for one Year and unto the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and continue in force until the Opening of the Supreme Court instituted by virtue of this Act, and no longer; and every Suitor Complaint which shall at that Time be depending in the said Court of Civil Jurisdiction, shall and may be proceeded upon in the said Supreme Court, in the same Manner as any Suit or Complaint originally commenced in the said Supreme Court.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Court in the Island of Newfoundland, or Islands aforesaid (except the Supreme Court, and the Surrogate Courts appointed by virtue of this ActJ to hold Plea of any Suit or Complaint of a Civil Nature, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary not-withstanding: Provided nevertheless-That the Court of Vice Admiralty haying Jurisdiction in the said Island, o shall

237

Aopeals may be made from Judgements for Sums exceeding 401, in the Surrogate Court, and exceeding iodI. in the Supreme Court.

When Goods are attached, if it flic.ll appear that the Party is insolvent, the Court shall order his Effects to be-collected and distributed.

Diregions so* the Difirihution of the Effects of insolvent Persons.

Certificate of the Com t to 6c a Bar to Suits for Debt prior to the De> larat.on of Infol vency.

Suits, where the Cause shall arise bef re Aug. j, 1792,tn be commenced wi.h n fix Year:,

3 1 Geo. 3. c. 29, c ntiuufd til! ihe Opening of the Supreme Court.

No Ccur, except the Supreme and SurrogateCouit*, to hold Pleas ot a Civil Nature.

238 C. 46, 47. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

Vice-Admiralty Court may hold Flea of Ma itime Crusts (except for Wages), and causes of Xe-

shall and may hold Plea of Maritime causes (except only the Wages of Seamen and Fishermen, which are to be heard and determined in Manner herein after directed) and causes of the Revenue, as heretofore practised and uled: Provided also, That all Disputes which shall arise concerning the Wages of any Seaman or Fisherman, and all Offences which shall be committed by any Hirer or Employer of such Seaman or Fisherman, against this or any other Act, relating to the Island of Newfoundlan d, or the Islands and Seas aforesaid, or the Fiftiery thereof, shall and may be heard and determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby incurred shall and may be recovered in the Court of Sessions, or before any two Justices of the Peace.

Disputes respecting Wages of Seamen, &c.

may be heard in the Court of Sessions, or before two Justices

Suits for Debts not exceeding 40 $. may be determined in a fommary Way, &c.

Chief Justice to settle Forms of Process, and appoint the Fees to be taken in the Courts, &c«

Fees in Surrogate Cours to be accounted for in the Supreme Court.

For the Recovery and Application of Penalties,

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue,

[Treble Costs.]

No Officer of the

Custome capable ot acting as a Justice.

Continuance of this ACi.

XIII. Provided also,.and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court of Session, in a summary Way, to hear and determine all Suits for the Payment of Debts not exceeding forty Shillings, and not con-tra&ed more than one Year before the Commencement of such Suits respectively; and it shall be lawful for the Court of Session, or such two Justices reflectively, to award Costs therein; and such Determination and Award shall be final, and shall be carried into Execution by Attachment and Sale of the Goods and Effects of the Party against whom the Determination was made.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Chief Justice to settle such Forms of Process, and such Rules of Practice and Proceeding for the Conduit of all Pleas, Suits, and Complaints, and for the Dispatch of the Business of the said Supreme Court, and Surrogate Courts, and of the Business in the Courts of Session, or before any one or more Justices of the Peace respectively, and to appoint such reasonable Fees to be taken for the Conduit and Dispatch of Pleas, Suits, Complaints, and other Business as aforesaid, and for the granting Administration of the Effects of Intestates, and for the Probate of Wills, as shall seem necessary and proper for expediting Matters with the most Convenience and lead Expence to the Parties concerned therein; and such Process, and Rules of Practice and Proceeding, shall be followed and obeyed; and such Fees shall be paid accordingly, and no other; and that all such Fees received in any Surrogate Court shall be paid and accounted for by the Surrogate in the said Supreme Court; and that it shall be lawful for the said Chief Justice, and he is hereby required to settle and limit what Fees and Poundage shall be taken by the Sheriff* of Newfoundland^ and the same shall be taken, and none other.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by any Act of Parliament made, or which shall hereafter be nfade, relating to the Island of Ntwfoundland, or the Fishery thereof, may be recovered in a summary Way in the said Supreme Court, or in any Surrogate Court; and every Penalty and Forfeiture of the Sum of ten Pounds or under, may be recovered in the Court of Session, or before any one or more Justices of the Peace; and all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed, paid, or levied in any Surrogate Court, or in any Court of Session, or before any one or more Justices of the Peace, shall be forthwith estreated, and paid into the said Supreme Court by the Surrogate, or by the Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, before whom they were recovered; and it shall be lawful for the said Supreme Court to ifllie Process for better compelling such Justices and Surrogates to bring to account all Monies which ought to be so paid and accounted for as aforesaid; and all Money arising from such P'ees, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall be applied and appropriated towards defraying the Expence of carrying this Act into Execution.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against: any Person for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after the Matter or Thing done; and the Defendant in such Suit or Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if a Verdict shall pais for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant has appeared, or if Judgement shall be given, upon any Verdict or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

XV'

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Officer whatever, being in the Service of his Majesty's Customs in the Island of Newfoundland, shall be capable of acting as a Justice of the Peace in and for the said Island.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coaches and Chairs,

[Preamble.]

7 Geo. 3. c. 44. recited.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Ma- jcftyS intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies nf Assurance; and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the Prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing 6 Beer, Ale, and other exci/cable Liquors; and for explaining and amending fevered Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs; it is anvjngft other Things enacted, That every Coachman, licensed by the Commissioners for regulating and liccnling Hackney Coaches, plying for Hire within the City of Lon- elvn or Westminster, should be obliged and compellable, on every Day of the Week, at seasonable Times,

*4- 4 to

239

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 47, 48.

to go any where within the Difiance of ten Miles from the City of London or And whereas

‘ Doubts have arisen what are seasonable Times for such Coachmen to go within the true Intent and Mean-

rng of the said Act, and many of such Coachmen refuse to go after Sunset to any Distance from the said

Cities or the Suburbs thereof, where the Houses are not immediately adjoining, by Means whereof many

Persons who reside at short Distances from the said Cities, or the Suburbs thereof, are put to great Incon-

venience:' For Remedy whereof, may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, every Hackney Coachman licensed by the Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, and his, her, or their Renter or Driver, plying for Hire within the Cities of London or Westminster? or the Suburbs thereof,

shall be obliged and compellable, on every Day of the Week, (unless he or they shall have been out twelve Hours, or shall have other reasonable Excuse to be allowed of by the said commissioners, or the Justice before whom any such Matter shall be brought in question,) to go to any Place within the Distance of ten Miles, in case such Coachman shall have Time to return to the said Cities by or before Sunset, or the Fare shall undertake to return in such Hackney Coach.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Hackney Coachman plying as

aforesaid, shall be obliged and compellable, on every Day of the Week, and at any Hour of the Night, {unless he or they shall nave been out twelve Hours, or have such other reasonable Excuse to be allowed of as aforesaid,) to go upon all publick High Roads being Turnpike Roads, or that now are or hereafter shall be lighted up, any where within the Distance of two Miles and an Half from the Ends or extreme Parts of the several and respective Carriage-way Pavements of the Cities of London and /, or the Suburbs-

thereof, where a regular Continuation of Carriage-way Pavement doth extend.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That every Person hiring a Hackney Coach to go any further Distance than the regular Continuation of the Carriage-way Pavement doth extend, after Sunset, shall be liable to pay to the Coachman, not only the Fare he is by Law intitled to, but also Sixpence for every Distance not exceeding half a Mile that such Coachman shall have to return to the extreme End of the Carriage-way Pavement after setting down his Fare, unless the Fare shall return in such Hackney Coach, which additional Fare shall and may be recovered by the same Ways and Means as any other Fare due to such Coachman is now by Law recoverable; and in case of such Hackney Coachman's refusal to go, or exadling any more for his Hire than as aforesaid, he or they shall be subject and liable to the like Penalty and Punishment as may, by any of the Laws now in Force, be inflicted in Cases of Refusal to carry for Hire, or demanding, receiving, or taking for Hire any greater Sum than such Hackney Coachman is intitled unto.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Adf, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that if

any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Adf, he or they shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Adf in Evidence; and if upon a Triala Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon Demurrer, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonsuited, discontinue, or forbear prosecuting his or their said Action or Actions, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs, to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, for which Costs he shall have such Remedy as in other Cases where Costs are by Law given to Defendants: Provided always nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to, or to leften or abridge any of the Bye Laws now in being relative to such Hackney Coach Owners, their Renters or Drivers.
---
[Publick Act.]

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, shall take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to impower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to continue a Session of the Peace, and of Oyer and Terminer, begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of Term, and sitting of the King's Bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day, or the sitting of the said Court of King's Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[25 Geo. 3. c. 18. recited.]

intituled, An Act to impower the Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery of Newgate for the County of Middlesex, to continue to hold a Session of Gaol Delivery of Newgate, begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of Term, and sitting of the King's Bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day, or the sitting of the said Court of King's Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere in the said County of Middlesex; it was enacted, That from and after the third Day of May one thousand seven hundred

240 C. 48, 49. Anno tricesimo secundo GEORGII III. A. D. 1792.

and eighty five, when any Session of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery of the said Gaol of Newgate, for the said County of Middlesex, shall have been begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of any Term, that the same Session shall and may be continued to be holden, and the Business thereof finally concluded, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day of any Term, or the sitting of his Majesty's said Court of King's Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex: And whereas it is convenient that the Session of the Peace, and Session of Oyer and Terminer, holden before the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, should be held as near as may be at the same Time the Session of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery of the said Gaol of Newgate for the said County of Middlesex is holden:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Session of the Peace and of Oyer and Terminer for Middlesex, not to be discontinued by the sitting of the Court of King's Bench, &c.]

That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, when any Session of the Peace and Session of Oyer and Terminer, holden before the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, shall have been begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of any Term, that the said session shall and may be continued to be holden, and the Business thereof finally concluded, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day of any Term, or the sitting of his Majesty's said Court of King's Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex; and that all Trials, Judgements, Proceedings, Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things whatsoever, and all Proceedings, Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things, in pursuance of such Judgements, had, made, and done at such Session, so continued to be holden after the Essoign Day of any Term, or the sitting of his said Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex, shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law, and deemed, reputed, and taken to be so, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[Publick Act.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Quercitron or Black Oak Bark, when the Price of Oak Bark shall be under the Price mentioned in an Act of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, and for lowering the Duty payable on Red Mangrove Bark imported into this Kingdom.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,
---
Geo. 3.C. 50. An Act for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importa-recited. 4 tion of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark fall exceed a certain Rate, for a limited Time, it is, among

other Things, enabled, That at ail Times when the Price of Oak Bark shall be under ten Pounds for the Load of Hatch Bark, containing forty-five hundred Weight, delivered at the Buyers Warehouses in the City of London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or when the Price of Oak Bark in the Rinds shall be under two Pounds ten Shillings for the Load of Rinds, containing thirty Yards, when the same are set three Rinds thick with two Skirts and a Cover, delivered at the Buyers Warehouses within the City of London, or Weekly Bills of Mortality, then, and in either of these Caies, no Oak Bark whatsoever shall be allowed to be imported into Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient that Quercitron or Black Oak Bark should be allowed to be imported from Countries not in Europe for the Purpose of dying, even when the Price of Oak Bark shall be under the Prices mentioned in the said recited Act:' Belt therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Quercitron may the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall fee imported from an(j may ]awfui for any Person or Persons whatever to import into Great Britain in British-built Ships, in Europe In owned, navigated, and registered, according to Law, from any Country not in, Quercitron or Black

Calks not left Oak Bark for the Purpose of dying, although the Price of Oak Bark shall be under the Prices mentioned in

than 1501. the said recited Act; provided that such Quercitron or Black Oak Bark be imported in Casks only not lese Weight, though t]ian one hundred and fifty Pounds net Weight at the least.

the Price of Oak

Bark may be under the Prices mentioned in the recited Act.

»7 Geo. 3. c. 13. ice i red.

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the federal Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting ether Duties in lieu there* 4 of and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties compo/ing the publick Revenue; for per- mitting the Importation of certain Goods, JVurcs, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the Eu- ropcan Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, re- maining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt;

Red Mangrove Bark is subject to a Duty, on Importation into Great Britain, of twenty-seven Pounds ten Shillings for every hundred Pounds of the Value thereof; and all Oak Bark is subject to a Duty, on Im- portation into Great Britain, of one Penny the hundred Weight: And whereas it is expedient that Red Mangrove Bark should be allowed to be imported, on Payment of a Duty only of two Pence for every Hundred Weight thereof, and that Quercitron or Black Oak Bark should be subject to a Duty, on Importa- tion into Great Britain, of two Pence the Hundred Weight Be it therefore enacted by the Authority 1* aforesaid.

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo (ecuncio Georgii III. C. 49, 50.

aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of Ju one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two. Red Mangrove Bark shall, on the Importation thereof into Great, be subject and liable only to a Duty

of two Pence for every Hundred Weight thereof, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity thereof; provided the same be imported in Casks only not less than one hundred and fifty Pounds net Weight at the least; and that Quercitron or Black Oak Bark shall, on the Importation thereof into Great Britain, be subject and liable to a Duty of two Pence for every Hundred Weight thereof, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. L.

An Act for the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain; for exempting certain Coast: Documents from Stamp Duties; for abolishing the Bond usually called The Isle of Man Bond; and for permitting Corn and Grain brought Coastwise to be transhipped into Lighters, for the Purpose of being carried through the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde. '

WHEREAS by an Act, made and passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the R.eign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in his Majesty's Customs, it was (amongst other Things) enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, should be shipped or put on Board, to be carried forth to the open Sea, from any one Port,

Creek, or Member in the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Port and Town of Berwick, to be landed at any other Place of the Realm, without a Sufferance or Warrant first had and obtained from the Officers of his Majesty's Customs, all such Wares and Merchandizes should.bc forfeited and lost; and that the Master of every Ship or Vessel, that should so lade or take in any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, to

be landed and discharged as aforesaid, should, before the Ship or Vessel be removed or carried out of the Port (where he should take in his Lading), take out a Cocquet or Cocquets, and become bound to the King's Majesty with good Security, in the Value of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes aforesaid, for the Delivery and Discharge thereof in the Port or Place for which the same should be entered as aforesaid, or

in some other Port within the said Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Port and Town of Ber-

wick: And whereas the like Rules and Restrictions are required by Law in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, with regard to Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, removed from one Port, Creek, or

Member, in Scotland, to another Port or Place in Scotland or England respectively: And whereas the said Rules and Restrictions are in many Instances productive of unnecessary Embarrassment and Expence to

the Coasting Trade of this Kingdom Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person whatever to convey or remove and carry forth to the open Sea, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall be shipped or put on Board according to the Directions of this Act, at any Port, Creek, or Member of any Port in Great Britain, to be landed or discharged at any other Port or Place in Great Britain, without taking out any Cocquet or Cocquets, or giving any Security, by Bond or otherwise, for the Delivery and Discharge thereof at such Port or Place, subject nevertheless to the federal Exemptions, Provisoes, Rules, and Regulations, herein after mentioned: Provided always, That no Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which are or shall be prohibited to be exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, nor any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, which are or shall be liable to any Duty, or Return of Premium or Bounty, to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or which tire or shall be entitled to any Allowance to be made for Wafts on Exportation thereof, or on being carried or brought Coastwise, nor any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall be, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, warehoused upon the Importation thereof in Great Britain, on Payment of a certain Duty, and afterwards carried or conveyed Coastwise for the Purpose of Exportation, nor any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, liable to Duty of Customs on Importation into, or on Exporrtation from Great Britain, unless the Amount of such Duty, on the Whole of the Cargo so to be carried Coastwise, shall not exceed live Pounds Sterling, shall be allowed to be removed or carried Coastwise, in any Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Hoy, from any Port, Creek, or Member of a Port, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales, or Town and Port of Berwick, until the Master or other Person having or taicing the Charge or Command thereof, shall have taken out a Cocquet or Cocquets, and become bound to the King's Majesty for the Delivery and Discharge of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in the like Manner as was required by Law before the passing of this Act; or to be shipped or laden on Board any Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Hoy, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Purpose of being carried Coastwise to any Part of Great Britain, until the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command thereof, shall have obtained a Sufferance, Warrant, or Permit, for shipping or lading the same, and become bound with good Security to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the value of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize contained in such Suilerance, Warrant, or Permit, or in the Indorsement to be made thereon, as herein is directed, for the due landing of the same, and also, (the Dangers and Accidents of the Seas excepted,) for returning a Certificate from the Chief Officer or Officers of the Customs at the Port, Member, or Creek, where the same shall be landed and discharged, within fix Adonths after the Date of such Sufferance, Warrant, or Permit, to his Majesty's Officers of the Customs to whom such Security hath been given as aforesaid, that such Goods,

24I

Red Mangrove Bark (in Calk* not less than 150 lb. Weight) and Quercitron to pay a Duty o« Importation of ad, per Cwt,

[Preamble,

13 & 14 Car,

2. c. 11. recited*

Goods may conveyed toopett Sea, from one Port to any other Place in Great Britain, without Cocquets or Bond, fu'jest to certain Regulations*

Goods prohibited to be exported, Arc. not to be carrird Coastwise without CocqusC and Bond, &c.

242

Coodf, &c. alleged to be cirri CV.dlwile vi hr-ut Corqutfc aiH T.cr.d, nay be tT.inped by Sutf.rar.ee, and carried to tH«n Sea by Traniire, Sc c.

No Transire required *hert the Sh p does not go to open Sea, &c.

No Ocods shipped in Scotland by Sufferance to be removed without the same, and a Certificate of the Shipping Officer.

Penalty on Masters of VtflVl* whereon Goodi are shipped to be carried Coast-wife, proceeding without Cocquer, &:

Goods coming into Gren Britain, by Cocquet. Sec. forfeited, if unshipped before Delivery of the Cocquet, &c. to the Officer.

Person* counterfeiting Sufferance*, dec. to forfeit aoel.

If Goods shipped to be carried Coastwise shall exceed the Quantity expressed in the Cocquet, See the Excels to be Iwfciied 3

C. 50. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

Wares, or Merchandize, were there landed and discharged accordingly, upon the Penalty of forfeiting the Security aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, by this Act intended to be allowed to be carried Coastwise without Cocquet and Bond, shall and may be shipped and laden on Hoard ary Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Hoy, British built, and owned by British Subjects, and navigated according to Lav/, and in none other, at any Port, Creek, or Member of a Port, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, or Town and Port of Berwick, by Sufferance or Warrant, and shall and may be removed and carried forth to the open Sea, to be landed at any other Port or Place in Great Britain, by Transire or Letpafs only, and at any Port, Creek, or Member of a Port, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Sufferance, Warrant, or Permit, and may be removed in like Manner by such Sufferance, Warrant, or Permit only, the same being indorsed in Manner herein directed: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to require any Transire or Letpais in any Case where the Ship or Vessel docs not go to open Sea, or where Cocquet and Bond, or Transire or Letpafs, were not, nor was required by Law on and immediately before the nrft Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall have been laden on Board at any Port, Creek, or Place, in Scotland, by Sufferance, Warrant, or Permit, and without Cocquet and Bond, or without Cocquet, shall be carried, conveyed, or removed out of or from any Port, Creek, or Place in Scotland, without such Sufferance, Warrant, or Permit, accompanying the same, and a Certificate of the Shipping Officer or Officers indorsed thereon, certifying the Particulars of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which were shipped or laden on Board by virtue thereof-

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Hoy, in or on Board of which any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be shipped or laden in order to be carried Coastwise within Great Britain, shall proceed Coastwise in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, or Town ' and Port of Berwick, without a Cocquet, Transire, or Letpafs, or in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, without a Sufferance, Warrant, or Permit indorsed as herein is diretfted, in the Cases in which the same are respectively required, every such Master or other Person shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

brought or coming into any Port or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from any other Port or Place in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, or Town and Port of Berwick, by Cocquet, Transire, or Letpafs, or from any other Port or Place in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Sufferance, Warrant, or Permit indorsed as herein is required, in any Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Hoy, shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, be umhipped, to be landed ox put on Shore, before such Cocquet, Transire, or Letpafs, or such Sufferance, Warrant, or Permit, indorsed as aforesaid, respectively, shall be delivered to the Customer, or Collector and Comptrollers of the Port or Place of her Arrival, and Warrant or Sufferance made an J given from such Customer, or Collector and Comptroller, for the landing and discharging thereof, the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Hoy, shall forfeit and lose the Value of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes j or if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes of Foreign Growth, Production, or Manufacture, shall, on coming Coastwise as aforesaid, be landed without the Presence of an Officer of the Customs, all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost. r

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatever shall counterfeit, rafe, or falsify any Sufferance, Warrant, Cocquet, Transire, Letpafs, Certificate, or Permit, or any other Custom-house Warrant, Document, or Instrument, or any Indorsement thereon, or any of them, by this Act required, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and the Sufferance, Warrant, Cocquet, Transire, Letpafs, Certificate, Permit, Document, or other Instrument and Indorsement so counterfeited, rased, or falftfied, shall respectively be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

VII. And, for the better preventing Frauds in the shipping any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to be c carried Coastwise as aforesaid be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if after the shipping of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to be carried Coastwise as aforesaid, and after the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Hoy, in which the same shall be shipped, shall have received a Cocquet, Transire, Letpafs, Sufferance, or Permit, or other Coast Document, as by this or any former Act is directed, expressing or indorsed with the Particulars of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which have been shipped, it shall be found by any Officer of the Customs, on Examination thereof, that the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shipped or laden on Board shall exceed in Quantity the Particulars of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize expressed either in the Cocquet, Transire, or Letpafs, or in the Permit or other Coast Document aforesaid, obtained for the removing or carrying the same Coastwise, or on the Indorsement to be made upon any Sufferance, Warrant, or Permit, as by this or any former Act is directed, all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, as shall exceed the Quantity so authorised to be carried Coastwise as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and lost.

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 50.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, that such Excess has arisen by Mistake, and without Intention of Fraud, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to waive the Forfeiture, without any Reward or Satisfaction to the seizing Officer, if under the Circumstances of the Case it shall appear to the said Commissioners reasonable so to do.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of /fuly one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall not be lawful for any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs in Great Britain, to permit or suffer any Ship or Vessel to be cleared out Coastwise, from any Port or Place whatever in Great Britain, until the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of fiuch Ship or Vessel, shall give Security to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Bond, in the Penalty of one hundred Pounds,(which Security shall be taken by the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at such Port or Place, and who is hereby authorised and required to take such Security,) with Condition that such Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, will not at any Time thereafter land or cause to be landed, or permit or fufter to be landed, any Goods, innny Part of this Kingdom, in any Manner which is or shall be prohibited by Law, or take the same on Board in order to their being so landed, nor be anyways concerned, or aiding or assisting in fraudulently importing, unshipping, or landing the same; and will not hinder, molest, or oppose any of his Majesty's Officers of the Customs or Excise, or any other Person or Persons, aififting them or either of them in the due Execution of their respective Offices or Employments; or until such Master, or «.ther Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall produce a Certificate, under the Hand of the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at some other Port or Place in Great Britain, of such Security having been before given at such other Port or Place, to such Collector or other principal Officer, by such Master or other Person as aforesaid; and no such Bond shall be charged or chargeable with, or subject or liable to any of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper; nor shall any Fee, Gratuity, or Perquisite, be paid, or taken, or any Charge made, by any Person or Persons whatever, in any Manner, for or on Account of such Bond.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall be by virtue of this Act subject to Forfeitures, shall and may be seized, sued, prosecuted, and condemned, and the Produce thereof distributed and applied in such and the like Manner, and by such and the like Ways, Means, Rules, and Methods, as Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shipped to be carried Coastwise within Great Britain, without a Sufferance cr Warrant first had and obtained, are forfeited, and shall and may be seized, prosecuted, and condemned, and the Produce distributed and applied, by virtue of any former Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever; and that the several Penalties inflicted by this Act shall and may be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, respectively, one Moiety whereof shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to him or them who shall inform or sue for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, in all Cases where a Security remains, notwithstanding this Act, to be taken by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland respectively, for any Matter or Cause relating to the carrying, conveying, or removing any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Coastwise, within Great Britain, no Bend or Bonds for the Delivery or Discharge of such Goods, Warts, or Merchandize, at any Port or Place in Great Britain, shall be charged or chargeable with, or subject or liable to, any of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, any former Law, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas, by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

4. An Act for more effectually preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and from the Isle of Man, a sufficient Bond, as therein is mentioned, is required to be given for every Ship or Vessel that should set fail out of or from Great Britain or Ireland, for any Part of Africa, or any of his Majesty's Dominions out of this Realm, with Condition not to take on Board, during the Course of the Voyage, any Stores, Goods, or Merchandizes whatsoever, at the Isle of Man, nor any Stores, Goods, or Merchandizes which should have been brought from thence: And whereas, by an Act made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his laid present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Production of Adaniftjh, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drazvbacksy and in the clandestine relanding of Goods

certain Provisions are made, whereby the aforesaid Purposes of the said recited Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, are more fully answered and effected be it therefore enacted b/ the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, so much of the said recited Act as requires the said Bond, therein and in this Act mentioned (usually called The Isle of Man Bond) to be given, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XIII. And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Fo- reign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, it is enacted, That any Sort of Corn,

Meal, or Flour, either British or Foreign, or any Malt made of such Corn, shall not be permitted to be carried Coastwise, or otherwise conveyed from any Port in Great Britain, where the Exportation thereof*

according to the Regulations of the said Act, is not allowed at the Time that the said Corn, Malt, Meal, or 1 Flour was actually shipped, and be landed or unshipped at any other Port of Great Britain7 from whence

the-

243

but if such Exce:fs has arisew by Miftjk'*, the Forfeiture may be waivtd.

No Vessel to be permitted to clear out Coastwise, until the Master enters into Bond to fulfil certain Conditions, or unt.l a Cer'ifiV cate be produced of such Securry having been before given.

Such Bonds not liable to Stamp Duty, See,

How Goods fub^ je& to Forfeiture, and Penal-tie?, may be sued for, &c.

Ho Bond for dlf-tbarging Goods carried Coastwise, to be chargeable with Sump Duty.

<? Geo. 3. c. 5£. and-

*6 Geo. 3,0.40. iccited.

So much of 5 Geo. 3. c. 39, as relates to the Isle of Man Bond repealed.

31 Geo. 3. c. 30* recited,

244

Com, fee* brought Coastwise to Grangemouth, &<*, may be convejed by the Forth and Clyde Navigation in Lighters to any Port in the said Canal, See, under certain Regulations*

This Act not to alTeft any Regulation made in any Act of this Session. Limitation of Actions*

General Issue,

Treble Costs#

[Preamble,

23 Geo. 3. c. 58. recited*

The Duty im-?posed by the recited Act of 6s. on Agreements nor to extend to Letters passing by Port between Merchants, &c. f eliding 50 Miles from each other*

C. 50, 51. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

the fame, according to the Regulations of the said Act, may then be exported ;* be it enacted, That nothing in the said Act or in any other Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to'prevent any Sort of Corn, Malt, Meal, or Flour, which shall be brought Coastwise from any Port of Great BritainXo Grangemouth, in the County of Stirlings within the Precinct of the Port of Borroiv/Ioness, or to Greenock in the River Clyde, or to any Port or Creek in the said River above Greenock, within the Precinct of the Port of Port G/afgoiu, and which, according to the Directions of the Act above-recited, may not be landed there, from being unshipped out of the Ship or Vessel in which the same was so brought Coastwise, into a Lighter or Lighters, and therein conveyed by the Canal called The Forth and Clyde Navigation, to any Port or Creek on the said Canal, or on the River Clyde, or in the Firth of Forth, at which the same, according to the Directions of the said recited Act, may be landed; provided that before the same, or any Part thereof, be so unshipped, or be put on Board any Lighter, a Sufferance or Warrant be for that Purpose obtained from the CoIIedtor and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port within which it is so to be unshipped 3 and that no Part thereof be so unshipped, or be so put on Board as aforesaid, without the Presence of the proper Officer of the Customs, under the Penalty of the F orfeiture of all Corn, Malt, Meal, or Flour which shall be so unshipped, or shall be so put on Board as aforesaid, without such Sufferance or Warrant urst had and obtained for that Purpose as aforesaid, or without the Presence of the proper Officer of the Customs; which Corn, Malt, Meal, or Flour so forfeited, may be seized by any Officer of the Customs, and may be prosecuted, and the Produce thereof applied in like Manner as is directed by the in Part recited Act with respect to Corn thereby forfeited: Provided also, Thrt such Corn, Malt, Meal, or Flour lb unshipped into a Lighter or Lighters shall, in the Conveyance thereof to the Port or Place where it is to be landed, be accompanied with such Sufferance or Warrant as aforesaid, with a Certificate indorsed thereon, under the Hand of the proper Officer, testifying the Quantity on Board such Lighter, and accompanied also with the Coast Coc-quet for the same, unless where the Conveyance of one Ship's Cargo requires more Lighters than one, in which Case the Cocquet shall accompany the Lading of the first only: Provided also, That such Corn, Malt, Meal, or Flour, so unshipped into any such Lighter, shall be subject to the like Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as it would have been subject to in case it had been brought Coastwise in such Lighter from the Port where it was originally shipped: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect in anyway whatever, any Regulation or Provision made in any Act or Acts passed in this present Session of Parliament.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thing by him or them done or executed by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by Authority of this Act; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plantifts*

CAP. LI.

An Act to exempt certain Letters passing between Merchants or other Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce in this Kingdom, containing Agreements with respect to Merchandize, Notes, or Bills of Exchange, from the Stamp Duty now imposed on written Agreements.

WHEREAS by an passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An/Ifor granting to his Majesty several additional and new Duties upon StampedVelhan, Parchment, and Paper; and also for repealing certain Exemptions from the Stamp Duties; it is (amongst other Things) enacted, 'Flint for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Agreement shall be ingrossed, y/riuen, or printed, whether the same shall be only Evidence of the Contrail, or obligatory upon the Parties from its being a written Instrument, there shall be charged 4 a Stamp Duty of six Shillings, in which said Act certain Exceptions by way of Provision are made: And whereas Doubts have been entertained respecting the Operation of the said Act, upon Correspondence be- tween Merchants resident in different Parts of this Kingdom, which, if subject to the Effects of the said Act, and not within the Provisions byway of Exception thereto, would be attended with many Evils towards the Commerce of this Country, and would much tend to the Injury thereof:* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conicnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Clause in the said Act contained shall not extend, or be deemed, taken, or construed to extend, to make liable to the said Stamp Duty of six Shillings, any Letter or Letters passing by the Poll between Merchants, or other Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce in this Kingdom, and residing at the Distance of fifty Miles from each other, for or by Reason of such Letter or Letters, containing an Agreement in Respect of any Merchandize, Notes, or Bills of Exchange, or Evidence of such an Agreement, but that such Letter or Letters may be received in Evidence of such Agreement as aforesaid, although the same be ,not stamped*

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 51, 52. 245

II. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to any Letter or Correspondence parting between Persons who are Residents of the same Town, City, or Place, nor to any Letter or Correspondence, written orfo parting as aforesaid, between Persons not, at the Time of writing or fending thereof, at the actual Distance of fifty Miles from each other.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such Letters as aforesaid, which have heretofore parted between

such Persons as aforesaid, may be given in Evidence In any Court of Law or Equity; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Act not to extend to the Caset herein mentioned.

All Letters which have passed between PerforH 2s aforesaid may be given in Evid:nce.

CAP. LII.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast-of Africa.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the thirty-furt: Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti- pfCamb.'e.

tilled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend an Act made in the la ft Session of Par- 31 Geo. 3. c. 54 4 liumrit, intituled, An Act to amend, and continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for rc- ieciicd,'

41 gulatwg the ft'if ping and carrying Slaves in British Tejfeis from the Coaji of Africa And whereas it is expedient to continue the said Act for a limited Time;' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall not be lawful for any No Vesse! detr-AMeror other Person talcing or having the Charge or Command of any British Ship or Vessel whatever, i^gout from which Avail clear out from any Port of this Kingdom, from and after the first Day of August one thousand Great B,ltain> seven hundred and ninety-two, to have on Board at any one Time, or to convey, carry, bring, or transport fro^AfricaVn Slaves from the Coall of Act ica to any Part beyond Sea, in any such Ship or Vessel, in any greater Number greater Numb.rt than in the Proportion of live such Slaves for every three Tons of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, so far than herein tye-as the faui Ship or Vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons, and moreover of one such Slave for cified» every additional 'Eon of such Ship or Veiled over and above the said Burthen of two hundred and one Tons; or Male Slaves who shall exceed four Feet four Indies in Height, in any greater Number than in the Proportion of one Inch Male Slave to every one Ton of the Burthen of such Ship or Veiled, so far as the said Ship or Vessel ih ill not exceed two hundred and one Tons, and moreover ot three such Male Slaves, who shall exceed the said Height of four Feet four Inches, for every additional live 'Eons of such Ship or Vessel, over and above the said Burthen of two hundred and one Tons; and every such Ship or Veiled shall be VefT-Ji to be deemed and taken to be oi such Tonnage or Burthen as is described and set forth in the respective Certificate of deemed of the-the Regillry of each and every such Ship or Veiled, granted in pursuance of an Act made in the twenty- Tonnage jet sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the father I tier case and Encouragement Certificates*©^ if Shipping and Navigation; and if any such Mailer, or other Person taking or having the Charge or Com- Registry# mand of any ftch Ship or Veiled, shall act contrary hereto, such Matter or other Person as aforesaid shall MalWi of Vef_ forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for each and every such Slave, fci, to forfeit exceeding in Number the Proportions herein-before limited; one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, 30l. for every his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof shall go taany Person or Persons who shall full sue for Slave-exceeding the same: Provided always, That if there shall be in any such Ship or Vessel any more than two fifth Parts of the Slaves who shall be Children, and who shall not exceed four Feet four Inches in [Light, then every five r*

such Children over and above the aforesaid Proportion of two Fifths shall be deemed and taken to be equal J^pifthsof theta four of the said Slaves, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided always, That nothing slave*be chil-herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Case of a Ship taking on Board any Number dren, five of of Slaves that shall be found shipwrecked, or from on Board any other Ship or Vessel where, by reason of the Surplus robe Mutiny or Insurrection among the Slaves, or the Crew, or by Failure of Hands, or by any actual equal*°

Distress of the Vessel, the Matter or Commander shall be disabled from governing the Ship, or continuing ourSlavcs» the Voyage, the Proof of which shall lie upon the Matter or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Ve fife! so taking on Board such Slaves.

41 Matters of Vessels, before they land any Slaves in the West Indies, to declare upon Oath, before the Officer of the Customs, the Burthen of the Vessel, &c. and if they land Slaves contrary hereto, to forfeit 500l.

Officers of the Customs to take an Account of the Slaves on Board such Vessels, &£ on Penalty of 500l.

Where there is no Officer of the Cullorn?, any Civil Officer to receive the Oath of the Matter, CY.

No Vessel to carry any Slaves, unless entered for that Purpose at clearing out, and unless the Surgeon give Bond to keep a journal of the Slaves during the Voyage; which Journal is to be delivered to the Officer of the Customs, at the first British Port of Arrival, dsY. Officer to deliver to the Matter a Copy of his Oath, and to the Surgeon a Copy of his Journal, and transmit Duplicates to the Commissioners of the Cuttcirs. Matters or Surgeons act ng contrary hereto, to forfeit 100l. If Penalty on Matters be not *4 paid within fourteen Days, their Vessels may be seized and fold. Penalties may be sued for, in any Vice Admiralty Court in America or the /Ttjl Indies, where the Offence shall be committed, or the Cargo dif- poled of; or in any Court of Record at Westminster, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland. The upper and lower Cabin, and the Space between Decks, to be allotted to the Slaves, &c. If any Person take the Command of a Vessel, who is not qualified as herein directed, he and also the Owner shall forfeit 500 L 44 No Insurance to be made against any Loss, except the Perils of the Sea, life. No Vessel to be cleared out that has not a Surgeon who has parted his Examination, CV. If the Officer at the Port of Discharge shall be

246

Pfcamble,

His Majesty may cause seven Pub-tick Offices to be tftablished, and appoint three Justices at eaoh.

Justices to at-terd at certain Hcuira*

After TEftabl Wh-iwent of the Offices, no Fees to be taken, except at them, by any Justice lor Mid-dh*sex,&c. on Penalty 0; look

but not to extend to Fees for licensing Alehouser under 26 Geo 2. c. 3 t, or taken at the Publick Office in Bow Street, &c.

C. 52, 53. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

be satisfied that there have not died on the Voyage more than two Slaves in the Hundred, he is to give Certificates to the Master and Surgeon, and on Production thereof to the Commissioners of the Customs, they are to order the Master 100l. and the Surgeon 50l. Like Certificates to be given where the Morta- lity has not been more than three in the Hundred, which is to entitle the Master to 50l. and the Surgeon to 25 /. Before any Vessel is cleared Outwards, the'xMaster, Officers, and Mariners, to execute Articles of Agreement in the Forms hereunto annexed; and no other Form to be used on Penalty of 50l. Muster Roll to be regularly kept, on Penalty of 100l. and six Months Imprisonment. No Officer, to be turned over or discharged, unless into his Majesty's Ships of War, or to assist a Ship inadlual Distrefe* 44 or upon Preferment, or under ill State of Health. No Slops, Effcr. to be supplied beyond one Fourth of the Monthly Wages. Regulations with regard to Officers, &c, behaving in a riotous, seditious, or mutinous Adanner. A4after to cause a printed Abstract of this Act, &c. to be hung up in the moil publick Place in his Vessel, on Penalty of 20l. If mutinous Officers, &c. be taken into Custody in Africa, or the West Indies, a Statement, upon Oath, to be lodged with the Governor,c.; and if the Witnesses do not appear at the Trial, they shall incur a Penalty, at the Discretion of jtF.e Court. Officers, &c. to continue in Pay till the Vessel is cleared Inwards. Wages of Run A'len to go to Greenwich Hospital, &c. Where Offences x4 may be tried, and Penalties lued for. Limitation of Actions. Per foils taking false Oaths, to incur the Pains of Perjury, CSV. This Act to continue to August 1, 1793."

CAP. LIII.

An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies.

WHEREAS a due and regular Attendance of fit and able Magistrates at certain known Places,

and at stated Times, in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis, and a vigilant and steady Administration of the Laws by them, is requisite to the Maintenance of Peace and good Order throughout the Parts aforesaid Mav it please your Majesty that it may be it enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty^ by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to caulc seven several Publick Offices to be established in or near the following Places; namely, the Parishes of Saint Margaret, Westminster; Saint James, Westminster; Saint James, Clerkenwell\ Saint Leonard, Shoreditch; Saint Mary, Whitcchapel\ and Saint Paul, Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, and at or near Saint Margaret's Hill, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and at each of the said Publick Offices to appoint three fit and able Persons, being Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, and County of Surrey respectively to execute the Office of a Justice of the Peace, together with such other Justices of the Peace for the said Counties respectively, as may think proper to attend.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one or more of the said Justices so to be appointed as aforesaid shall diligently attend at each of the said Publick Offices every Day, from ten of the Clock in the Morning until eight of the Clock in the Evening, and at such other Times and Places as shall be found necessary; and that two of the said Justices, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall in like Manner attend together at each of the said Offices, from eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon until one in the Afternoon, and from fix of the Clock in the Evening until eight of the Clock in the Evening of every Day: Provided always, That the Attendance of one of the said Justices may be supplied, during the Hours at which the Attendance of two is required as aforesaid, by any other Justice of the Peace for the said Counties of Middlesex or Surrey respectively.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Establishment of the said seven several Publick Offices as aforesaid (twenty-one Days Notice thereof being given in the London Ga~ zette), no Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, County of Surrey, City and Liberty of Westminster, or Liberty of the Tower of London, or his or their Clerk or Clerks, or any Person for them, other than at the said Publick Offices, shall, directly or indirectly, upon any Pretence, or under any Colour whatever, take or receive any Fee, Gratuity, Reward, or Recompence, for any Act by him or them done or to be done in the Execution of his or their Office or Employ as Justice or Justices of the Peace, Clerk or Clerks as aforesaid, within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bone, Paddington, Saint Pancras, Kensington, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the said County of Middlesex, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such Offence* to be recovered, one Moiety thereof to the Receiver to be appointed in the Manner herein after mentioned* to be applied to the Purposes of this Act, and the other Aloiety thereof, with full Costs of Suits, to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one' Imparlance, shall he allowed: Provided always, nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any Fees taken at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any Meeting of Justices for the Purpose of licensing Alehouses, pursuant to an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Manner of licerfing Alehouses in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for the more cafy convitling Persons selling Ale and other Z/-qjiors without Licence, or to any Fees taken at a certain Publick Office within the Liberty of Westminster*

247:

fi. D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 53.

known by the Name of The Publick Office in Bow Street, or to any Fees taken by any Vestry Clerk or his Assistant, as Clerk to any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting within the Parish in which such Justice or Justices reside, for the Purpose of enforcing the Payment of any "T axes or Assessments arising within the iame Parish, or for the Purpose of hearing and determining any Offence cognizable before a Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of any Statute made and provided for the special Regulation or Government of such Parish.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices so appointed to attend at the said seven Publick Offices as aforesaid, and their Clerks, respectively, shall, in Books to be provided for that Purpose, keep a full, true, and particular Account of all the Fees taken and received at each of the said Offices, together with all Penalties and Forfeitures which shall have been recovered, levied, or received, in pursuant of any Adjudication, Conviction, or Order, had or made at any of the said seven Publick Offices, or any Process or Warrant issuing from the same; to which said Books and Accounts the Receiver to be appointed in Manner herein after mentioned shall at all Times have free Access; and the said Justices shall, once in every Month, deliver unto such Receiver such Account, verified upon Oath by such Justice or Justices, their Clerk or Clerks, and such other Person or Persons as shall be employed in keeping such Accounts respectively, or any Part thereof, before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middle/xy or County of Surrey, as the Case may be, which Oath such Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer; and shall pay and cause to be paid the Amount of all such Fees unto such Receiver, to be applied in Manner herein after mentioned; any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Establishment of the said seven Publick Offices, all such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, as are or shall be limited and made payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or to any Description of Persons, other than the Informer or Informers who shall sue for the same, or any Party grieved, and which shall be recoverable in a summary Way before a Justice or Justices of the Peace, and which shall be recovered or adjudged before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, at either of the said seven Publick Offices, shall be accounted for and paid into the Hands of the Receiver to be appointed in Manner herein after mentioned, by the Justice, Clerk, Constable, Officer, or other Person or Persons who shall levy or receive the same, to be applied by such Receiver in Manner herein after mentioned; any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ii the said Justices to be appointed as aforesaid, or any other Person, having received any such Fees at any of the said seven Publick Offices, shall neglect to account for, and pay the same in Manner aforesaid; or if any Justice, Justice's Clerk, Constable, Officer, or other Person, who shall levy or receive such Penalties or Forfeitures, or Shares of Penalties or Forfeitures, shall neglect to pay the same into the Hands of such Receiver in Manner aforesaid; or if any Person having resigned such Office of Receiver, or having been removed from the same, shall neglect, within twenty* one Days after Notice for that Purpose, to account for, and pay into the Hands of the succceding Receiver, all such Sums of Money as shall remain in his Hands, applicable to the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for such Receiver for the Time being, in his own proper Name only, or by his Name and Description of Office, to sue for and recover the same, with double Costs of Suit, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, in which Action it shall be sufficient for such Receiver to declare as for Money had and received to the Use of such Receiver, for the Purposes of this Act; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may, at the Discretion of any Judge of such Court, be held to Special Bail in such competent Sum as such Judge shall order and direct; and in any such Action a gain ft any such Person, so liable to account as aforesaid, the said Court in which such Action shall be brought, may, if such Court shall think proper, at the Instance of either of the Parties, refer the Account in Dispute in a summary Manner, to be audited by any Officer of the said Court, or other fit Person at their Discretion; who may examine both Plaintiff and Defendant upon Oath (which Oath the said Person shall have Power to administer), and upon the Report of such Referrec, unless either of the Parties shall shew good Cause to the contrary, Rich Court may make Rich a Rule or Order, either for the Payment of Rich Sum as upon Rich Repoit shall appear to be due, or for flaying the Proceedings in such Cause, and upon such Terms and Conditions as to the same Court shall appear reasonable and just, or the said Court may order Judgment to be entered.up by Confession, for such Sum as upon Rich Report shall appear U> be due.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of the Death of any Receiver to be appointed by virtue of this Act, or of any Person having resigned or been removed from Rich Office, or of any of the other Persons whom the said Receiver for the Time being is authorised to sue as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Receiver for the "Lime being, may, in his own proper Name only, or by his Name and Description of Office, sue for and recover Rich Sum of Money as shall have been remaining in the Hands of Rich deceased Receiver or other Person, applicable to the Purposes of this Act, of the Executors or Administraters of such Person deceased, in which Action it shall be RifScient for the Plaintiff in Substance to state, that the Deceased was indebted to the Plaintiff for Money had and received for the Purposes of this Act, or that the Deceased died possessed of Money had and received for the Purposes of this Act, whereby an Action accrued to the Plaintiff to demand and have the same of such Executors or Administrators; and the like Action shall and may be brought against any Executors or Administrators of ‘Executors or Administrators; in all which Actions the Defendant or Defendants may plead in like Manner, and avail themselves of the like Matters in their Defence, as in any Action founded upon Simple Contradb of the original Tellator or Intcllate; and in all Actions to be brought by such Receiver, by virtue of this Act, Proof of the Plaintiff's ailing in the Execution of Rich Office shall be (efficient Evidence of his hold-

3a Geo. IIE K k ;n4

Account! of

Fees, Arc. taken at t* c Seven C ffices to be delivered Monthly to th- Ret elver, and 'he A mount of Fcts paid to. him, &c.

All Penalties (except to Informers or Parties gtie\e3) re-coveted «<t the Publick Offices to be paid lo the Receiver.

If Fee*, he. are

not accounted

for the Receivec

may sue for the same in any Court of Record at Westminster* &c.

The Receiver for the Time being may sue for Money in the Hands of deceased Receivers, &c. and recover from Executors, fcc*

A

248 C. 53. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

His Majesty in Council may order Salaries to the Justices, &c.

and appoint a Receiver.

Duty and Power of ihc Receiver.

Receiver to render Accounts upnn Oath to the Treasury.

Allowance to the Receiver.

If the Monies to be applied in Discharge of Sa* hrits rtiould be insufficienr, the Deficiency to be supplied out of the Consolidated Fund, and any Surplus carried thereto.

ing the same, unless the contrary can be shewn in Evidence by the Defendant or Defendants in such Action.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to direct the Salaries herein after mentioned to be paid to the Justices so appointed to attend each of the said seven Publick Offices, for their Time and Trouble, and such further Sums for their Expences in the said Offices, and for the Payment of Clerks, Peace Officers, and others therein employed, in such Manner as to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall seem meet: Provided always, That the yearly Salary paid to each of the Justices shall be four hundred Pounds,'clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatever: Provided also, That the whole Charges attending any one of the said Offices (the said Salaries being included) shall not exceed the annual Sum of two thousand Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to appoint a proper Person, not being one of the Justices appointed to act at either of the Offices aforesaid, to be the Receiver of the said seven Publick Offices; which said Receiver shall keep an exabt and particular Account of all such Monies as shall be received by him by virtue of any Provisions of this Act, and forthwith pay such Parts thereof as shall have arisen from any Penalties or Forfeitures, or Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, in the Manner herein after mentioned, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and shall apply the Residue thereof in Discharge of the Salaries, Expences, and Charges attending the said Publick Offices, and the carrying this Act into Execution, and shall make alt such Contracts and Disbursements as shall be necessary for the hiring, fitting up, and furnishing proper and sufficient Houses or Buildings wherein the said seven Publick Offices shall be held, in such Manner as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice and Consent of his or their Privy Council, ‘shall think proper to direct and appoint; of which said Premises so to be hired, and the Fixtures and Furniture thereof, and of all other Necessaries to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, the Property or Interest so acquired therein shall be vested in the Receiver for the Time being, who shall and may in like Manner fell, assign, and dispose of the same, or any Part thereof, under the like Directions and Appointment, as Occasion shall require; and such Receiver shall forthwith, after his Appointment, prepare proper Plans and Estimates of all such Contrabls and Disbursements as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall deliver the same to his Majesty's principal Secretary of State for the Home Department; and such Receiver shall further do and execute all such other lawful Matters and Things, towards the Establishment of the said seven Publick Offices, and towards the carrying this Act into Execution, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice.of his or their Privy Council, shall from Time to Time think proper to direct.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Receiver shall, every six Months, and oftener, if required, deliver to the Lord High Treasurer, cr the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, a full and particular Account of all Monies by him received and paid as aforesaid, with Vouchers for the same, which Account shall be verified upon Oath before any Justice or Baron of any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and such Receiver, for his Care and Pains in the Execution of such Office, shall and may retain to his own Ufc, out of the Monies so received by him as aforesaid, such Sum, not exceeding five Pounds per Centum on the same, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall direct and appoint: Provided always, That if it shall appear that the Monies herein-before directed to be applied by the said Receiver, in Discharge of the Salaries, Expences, and Charges attending the said seven Publick Offices, and the carrying this Act into Execution as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to defray the same, the Deficiency shall be made up and supplied cut of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund; and if at the End of any Year there shall be any Surplus in the Hands of such Receiver, he shall pay the Amount of such Surplus into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer; and the same, together with the Monies herein before directed to be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, shall be carried to and made Part of the said Fund cailed The Coufoli-dated Fund.

His Majesty in Council may alter the Situation of the Offices,

AOs directed to be done by a Justice near the Place where an Offence is com* fiihied, may be <fone by a Justice

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to make such Alterations, in the Places where any of the said seven Publick Offices shall be fttuated, or to make such Alterations in the Hours of Attendance therein, and to make all such other Regulations to be observed in conducting the same, as he or they from Time to Time shall think proper.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where, by any Law now in being, or hereafter to be made, any Act is directed or authorised to be done by any Justice or Justices of the Peace refilling in or near or next the Parish or Place where any Offence or other Matter cognizable before them shall be committed or shall arise, the same Jurisdiction shall and may be exercised by a Justice or Justices abtwgin such of the said seven Publick Offices as may be fttuated next or near such Parish or Place-

aflirtg at the next Publick Office.

justices appoint-

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That no Justices of the Peace to be appointed as ru by this Ai\ aforesaid, by virtue of this Act, shall, during their Continuance in such Appointment, be capable of being incopaMe of be- w\c j or of joeing as Members of the House of Commons.

ing defied 7

Members of Pailwoitnl.

No justice, He

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Justice, Receiver, or Constable,

irivef, or cm- nominated and appointed as aforesaid by virtue oi this Act, shall, during the i unc he or they llwll continue in

under lU.a

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 53.

their respective Offices, or within six Months after he or they shall have quitted the same, be capable of giving his Vote for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, or for the City and Liberty of Westminster, or the Borough of Southwark respectively, nor shall by Word, Message, Writing, or in other Manner, endeavour to persuade any Elector to give, or to difliiade any Elector from giving his Vote for his Choice of any Person to‘ be a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Counties, or for the said City and Liberty of Westminster, or Borough of Southwark; and every such Justice, Receiver, or Constable as aforesaid, offending therein, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the Informer, the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall be committed, to be recovered by any Person that shall sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; such Action to be brought within the Space of one Year after such Offence so committed: Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject any such Justice, Receiver, or Constable, as aforesaid, to any Penalty or Penalties, for any Act or Acts done by him or them, at or concerning any of the said Elections, in the Discharge of his or their Duty or Duties in their said respective t Capacities.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices to be appointed as 'aforesaid shall, in their respective Offices, as soon as conveniently may be alter their Appointment, retain and employ a sufficient Number of fit and able Men, whom they are hereby authorised and impowered to swear in, to act as Constables for preserving the Peace and preventing Robberies and other Felonies, and apprehending Offenders against the Peace within the said Counties of Middlesex and Surrey respectively, as well by Night as by Day; which said Constables, so appointed and (worn as aforesaid, shall have all such Powers and Authorities, Privileges and Advantages, as any Constable duly appointed now has, or hereafter may have, by virtue of any Law or Statute now made, or hereafter to be made, and shall obey all such lawful Commands as they shall from Time to Time receive from the said Justices, for the apprehending Offenders, or otherwise conducting themselves in the Execution of their said Office or Employment; and such Justices, or any two of them, shall and may at any Time dismiss from his said Employment every such Constable belonging to their respective Offices whom they shall think remiss or negligent in the Execution of his Duty, or otherwise unfit for the same, and appoint such others in their Stead as to them shall seem meet: Provided always, That no greater Number than fix shall at one and the same Time be so retained as aforesaid at any one of the said Publick Offices: Provided also, That if any Person so appointed a Constable as aforesaid shall be dismissed -from his said Employment as aforesaid, all Powers and Authorities vested in him as a Constable, under and by virtue of this Act, shall immediately ceale and determine, to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Receiver, out of the Monies herein-before directed to be applied in Discharge of the Salaries, Expences, and Charges attending the said Publick Offices, shall and may pay to the Constables so appointed as aforesaid, for their Trouble and Attendance as aforesaid, any Sum not exceeding twelve Shillings per Week, and any extraordinary Expences they shall appear to have been necessarily put to in apprehending Offenders, and executing the Orders of the Justices acting under and by virtue of this Act, such extraordinary Expences being first examined and approved of by the Justices attending the Office in which such Constables shall have been respectively appointed.

XVII. And whereas divers ill-disposed and suspected Persons, and reputed Thieves, frequent the Avenues to Places of Publick Resort, and the Streets and Highways, with Intent to commit Felony on the Persons and Property of his Majesty's Subjects there being; and although their evil Purposes are sufficiently manifest, the Power of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace to demand of them Sureties for their good Behaviour hath not been of sufficient Efledl to prevent them from carrying their evil Purposes into Execution be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the eleventh Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall and may be lawful for any Constable, Headborough, Patrole* or Watchman, to apprehend every such Person, and convey him or them before any Justice of the Peace; and if it shall appear before the said Justice, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that such Person or Persons is or are a Person or Persons of evil Fame, and a reputed Thief or Thieves, and such Person or Persons shall not be able to give a satisfactory Account of himself or themselves, and of his or their Way of living; and it shall also appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice, that there is just Ground to believe that Fuch Person or Persons was or were in such Avenue, Street, or Highway as aforesaid, with such Intent as aforesaid, every such Person shall be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond, within the Intent and Meaning of the Statute made in the seventeenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues and Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction: Provided always, That if any Person shall think himself aggrieved by the Judgement of such Justice as aforesaid, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Person, at the Time of his Conviction, entering into a Recognizance, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned personally to appear at the said Sessions, to try such Appeal, and to abide the further Judgement of the Justices at such Sessions assembled \ and in case such Conviction shall be affirmed at such Sessions, the said Justices may adjudge such Person to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and proceed against such Person in the same Manner as they might have done if such Rogue and Vagabond had been committed to the House of Correction until such General or Quarter Sessions: Provided always, That no Person convicted under this Act shall thereby become liable to any other Punishment than Imprisonment to hard Labour for a Term not exceeding six Months, taking into the Computation any actual Imprisonment such Person shall Eave suffered by his Commitment until such Session.

249

capable of giving his Voce for the Election of a Member for Middlesex, &c.

Penalty of tool.

for acting contrary hereto

but not to extend to Acts done at Elections in Discharge of Duty,

Justices may

employ^ sufficient Number of Constables at th ir respective Offices, fice.

bat not to er-ceed fi< at each. Power of Constable to cease on Dismissiun.

Receiver to pay the Constable*,

Constables,&c. may apprehend any suspicious Person, and convey him before a Justice, and if it mall appear upon Oa-h that he is a reputed Thief, &c. he shall he deemed a R gue within 17 Geo. 2. Ci 5,

Persons thinking themselvcj aggrieved m :y appeal to the

Quarter Seflium.

If Conviction be affirmed, the Justices may proceed as might have been done it the Party had been committed.

Punishments net to exceed Imprisonment to haid Labour for six Month?*

a

*5°

Act not to deprive the Mayor, &c. of London of Jurisdictions in Southwark*

Continuance of this Act.

[Preamble,

From Atigyfl r, 1792, the Orfi-ters of the Customs to ctufe printed, &c. Paper imported to be marked.

Commissioners of the Customs, by June I, 1792, to provide Frame?, &c and <?ifliibute them to the Officers, who areto measure and matk. every Piece of such Paper in the Manner herein mentioned. Penalty for coumcrfeiting Frames, Stamps, <3cc*.

Penalty for cutting out Frame Marks, &c.

and for affixing Frame Marks, <3cc. that have been used*

Prom August i> 1792, the Com. aniffioners of the Customs, or a Justice, may authorise an Office# of the Cuf-tarns or £xcif«

C. 53, 54. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, of any Rights, Privileges, or Jurisdictions ujhich they have heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised, or enjoyed, within the Town and Borough of, and the Liberties thereof, or to prevent

the Mayor of the City of London for the Lime being, and such of the Aldermen of the said City who have borne the Office of Mayoralty, and the Recorder of the said City for the Time being, from acting as Justices of the Peace within the said Town and Borough of South, and the Liberties thereof, in such and the like Manner as they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force until the first Day of, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for more effectually securing the Duties upon foreign printed, painted, or stained Paper, imported into Great Britain.

WHEREAS the Laws already provided for securing the Duties payable on printed, painted, or stained ‘ Paper, for Hangings or other Uses, imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great, are not

sufficient to secure the due Payment of the Duties imposed by Law, for or in respect of such Paper;' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, the Officer or Officers of the Customs of the Port or Place where any printed, painted, or stained Paper, for Hangings or other Uses, shall be imported, shall cauie every Piece or Sheet thereof to be marked, (according to the Direction1; herein after contained ;) and the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively shall, on or before the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, provide proper Frames and Stamps, and such Numbers or Marks as they shall think fit, to denote the Measure of all Pieces of such* printed, painted, or stained Paper, so imported or brought into Great, and proper

Stamps or Seals to denote the charging the Duties thereon, and shall cause the said respective Frames, Numbers and Marks, and the said Stamps and Seals, to be distributed to the proper Officers of the Customs, for the several Purposes before mentioned; which Officers are hereby enjoined and required to measure every such Piece of Paper, and to mark the same with such Frame Mark and Stamp in Manner following; (that is to say,) Every Piece of less than Half a Yard in Length to be marked and stamped at one-End only; and every Piece of Half a Yard in Length, or upwards, to be marked and stamped at both Ends of such Piece; which Frames, Numbers, Marks, Stamps, or Seals, to be provided in pursuance of this Act, may be altered or renewed, from Time to Time, as the said respective Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, think fit; and if any Person whatsoever shall at any Time counterfeit or forge any Frame, Number, or Mark, provided by the Commissioners of the Customs in and Scotland respectively, for or in

marking such Paper, or shall counterfeit or forge the Impression of the same upon any printed, painted, or stained Paper, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and if any Person whatsoever shall at any Time counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Seal, or resemble any Stamp or Seal which shall be provided in pursuance of this Act, to denote the charging of the Duties payable on the Importation of such Paper into Great Britain, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same upon any such Paper, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the Duties on such Paper, then every such Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds and in case any Person shall at any Time fell any printed, painted, or stained Paper with a counterfeit Stamp thereon, knovving the same to be counterfeited, and with any Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, every such Offender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall. with Intent to defraud his Majesty of his just Duties, wilfully cut out, obliterate, or deface, or wilfully suffer to be cut out, obliterated, or defaced, the Frame Mark, Number, or Mark put by any such Officer or Officers on any printed, painted, or stained Paper to denote the Measure thereof, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Piece of Paper or Sheet of Paper on which the Frame Mark, Number, or Mark, put by any such Officer or Officers, shall be so wilfully cut, obliterated, or defaced.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or l'ersons whatsoever, shall, with Intent to defraud his Majesty of his just Duties, affix upon any Piece of Paper or Sheet of Paper printed, painted, or stained, any Frame Mark, or any Stamp or Seal which shall have been before affixed on any other Piece or Sheet of printed, painted, cr stained Paper, then, and in every such Case, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds, and also every Piece or Sheet of such Paper whereupon such Frame Mark, Stamp, or Seal, shall be so fraudulently affixed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time or Times after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, upon Oath made by any credible Person or Persons that he, she, or they have Reason to suspect or believe that any Foreign imported printed, painted, or stained Paper, for which Duty ought to have been paid or charged, or which ought to have been stamped as by this Act is directed, is or shall be in the Custody or Pofilffion of any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper., or other Person trading or dealing the rein, or of any Person or Person?, for the Ule or on Account of such

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 54, 55; 251

Printer, Painter, or Stainer, or other Trader or Dealer in printed, painted, or Rained Paper, without having thereupon such Stamps or Seals as are by this Act required to denote the charging the Duties thereupon, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Excise in England or Scotland respectively, or any two of them within the Limits of their Jurisdictions respectively, or for any Justice of the Peace in any other Parts of Great Britain, from Time to Time to issue their respective Warrants, thereby authorizing and requiring any Officer or Officers of the Cultums or Excise, with die Assistance of a Conilabic or other Officer of the Peace, in the Day Time to search for the same, and to open Doors, Cherts, Trunks* and Packages, and to seize such Paper not having such Stamps or Seals thereon as are by this Act required, and that every such Warrant shall be obeyed and executed accordingly; and such Paper so found unstamped in the Possession of such Printer, Painter, or Stainer, or other Trader or Dealer, or in the Poffiffion of any other Person for the Life of such Printer, Painter, or Stainer, Trader or Dealer, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or (Juicers of the Customs or Excise: Provided always, That no Remnant of any Piece of such printed, painted, or (tabled Paper, being of less Length than shall be ex-

Prelied by the Frame Mark thereon, being found in the Possession of such Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper, or Trader or Dealer therein, having such Stamp or Seal as by this Act is required at one End thereof, shall be forfeited by reason of not having such Stamps or Seals at both Ends thereof: And if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any of the aforesaid Officers from entering any such Place or Places for the Purposes aforesaid, or in seizing or carrying away any Paper by this Act declared to be forfeited, every Person or Persons (o offending shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

V. And, for the better preventing of Frauds by the lengthening or adding to any Piece or Remant of a 1 Piece of such printed, painted, or Rained Paper, after such Paper shall have been stamped or (baled as by this Act is required, as well as to prevent the Importation of printed, painted, or Rained Paper without being Ramped or foaled, as by this Act is requited,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Piece or Remnant of foreign imported, printed, painted, or Rained Paper, not having such Frame Mark and Stamp thereon as is by this Act required, (or having such Frame Mark and Stamp at one End or both Ends thereof, and being of a greater Length than shall be expressed by (iion Frame Mark by the Length of Half a Yard or more,) shall, after the fir It Day of stugujl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, be found in the Possession of any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper, or Trader or Dealer therein, every such Piece of Paper or Remnant shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cidioms or Excise, and the Printer, Painter, or Stainer of*Paper, or Trader or Dealer therein, in whole Possession the same (Hull be found, shall also forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods as any Fine,-Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Rill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively *, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or iue for the same.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this AcHhall commence and take Effort:, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respeert whereof no special Commencement is hereby directed and provided, from and immediately after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ubiety-two.

CAP. LV.

w? b ih* A /Tilt-a nee of a Peace Ofiner, lo feuch fufyt*£leu Place* in the Day Time;

tnd any Paoer

foun»J un (1 ampf J lo be forrened;

R-fmnun?? of Irf» L-n.! h ;iiin ex-pie lied tie Prime Trie, Ramped at one End, excepted. Penalty frr ob-

Rrudish^ Ofli-cen.

Fore:gi printed, &c. Paper, with* out the Frame Mi k, &c. may be f i/.ed, and the P. iHTor U so.itic 50l.

TJo v Penalties

m iv he furU for, an i their ca;ioc.

Aft to commence Aug. r,

1 752, in Matters wr.ere oo fpreia 1

Comm-nrement is directed.

An Act to render more effectual an Airt, made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, /In Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners, at the End of every Quarter of a Teary to be by them applied to the Redttftion of the National Debt; and ,to direct the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt, ia case of future Loans*

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (intituled, preamble.

An Act for vesting certain Sams in Canniif oners, at the End of every Quarter of a 1 car, to be by #6 g-o. c. *i ‘ 4 them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt,) it is enacted, That^ whenever the whole Sum annually chase if receivable by the said Commissioners, including as well the Cjuartei-y Sum of two hundred and fifty thou- reutcJ,

sand Pounds, therein directed to be issued from the Exchequer, as the several Annuities and Dividends of '4 Stock to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of the said Airt, should amount in the Whole to four Millions annually,.

the Dividends due on such Part of the Principal or Capital Stock as should thenceforth be paid off by the said Commissioners, and the Monies payable on such Annuities for Lives or Years, as might afterwards ceaseor determine, should no longer be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, but should be confulered as redeemed by Parliament, and should remain to be dbposed of as Parliament ihculd direct: And whereas any Savings to arise from the Reduction of the Rate of any perpetual redeemable Annuities ought to be placed to the Account of the said Cosnrnifiioners, in like Manner as tie Dividends on Stock redeemed or j

purchased: And whereas it may be found expedient, that additional Annual Sums should be issued from the Exchequer, and placed to the Account of the bid Commissioners, over and above th* laid Quaitetly Sum of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds: And whereas, witkaView to such cases, further Provisions

#ue.

252 C. 55. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

of the said Act as is he rein-before recited be, aitd- the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever the Amount of the Annuities payable in relpe& of any redeemable Capital Stock now existing shall be reduced, or any such Capital Stock shall be paid off, by Means of any Sum of Money to be raised for that Purpose, for which a new Capital Stock shall be created, bearing a lower Rate of Interest than the Stock so to be paid off, an additional Annual Sum equal in Amount to the Annual Interest so saved, shall be thenceforth issued and paid by Quarterly Payments' out of the Consolidated Fund, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ and shall by them be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners; and that whenever the Monies to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners consisting of the Dividends of Stock which shall have been redeemed or purchased by virtue of the said Act, or of this Act, (other than and except such Capital Stock as shall be redeemed or purchased by the Application of such Monies as are herein-af er directed to be placed to a separate Account, in consequence of new Loans,) or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and of any Annuities the Terms whereof may be expired, and of any Sums which may be annually issued in consequence of any Savings arising from the Reduction of the Rate of any existing Annuities, shall amount in the Whole to the Sum of three Millions, exclusive of the Quarterly Sums of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds directed to be issued from the Exchequer by the said Act, or of any additional Annual or Quarterly Sums which may be directed to be issued from the Exchequer, and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners by any fu-tuie Act or Acts of Parliament, the Dividends due on such Part of the Principal or Capital Stock as shall thenceforth be paid off' or purchased by the said Commissioners, other than and except such Capital Stock as shall be paid off or purchased by the Application of Monies herein after directed to be placed to a fe*pa-rate Account, in consequence of any new Loans, and the Monies payable for such Annuities for Lives or Years as may afterwards cease and determine, shall no longer be issued at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, but shall be considered as redeemed by Parliament, and shall remain to be disposed of Jas Parliament shall direct.

III. And, for more effectually preventing the inconvenient and dangerous Accumulation of Debt here-< after, in consequence of any future Loans,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Sums of Money shall hereafter be raised by Loans for publick Purposes, a separate Account shall be kept, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of the Annuities or Annual Interest to be incurred in resped'of the same; and in case the said Loan shall be raised for any other Purpose than that of paying off some existing Capital Stock, bearing a higher Rate of Interest than the Capital Stock to be created by such Loan, and shall be raised by perpetual redeemable Annuities, and Provision shall not have been made by Parliament for paying off within forty-five Years the Whole of the Capital Stock to be created by such Loan, from thenceforth, at the End of every Quarter subsequent to the Day on which the Act or Acts of Parliament by which such Loan shall be created shall have received the Royal Assent, an additional Sum shall be set apart out of the Monies composing the Consolidated Fund, and shall be issued at the said Receipt of the Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the total Annual Amount of which additional Sum shall be equal to one hundredth Part of the Capital Stock created by such Loans.

Exchequer to keep a separate Account of the Iieereft of rew Loans, and if Provisions be not made for payirg them oft* in the Case herein xrxrvioned, an additional Sum, equal to i-iooth Part of the Stock, to be issued from the Exchequer Quarterly, and placed to the Account of the Commissioners;

und if such L'ans be raised by Annuities for any Term longer than 45 Year*, &r. 1- 100th Part of the Value of such as may be expected to be then cut-standing, to be so issued.

Coropu'atirn of such Value to be nvde under the Direction 1 f the Commissioners, and Copies delivered to the Speaker,

The Speaker to certify to the Treasury and Exchequer, the Amount of the additional Sum to be issued, Scc#

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Loan shall at any Time be raised, in Whole or in Part, by Annuities for any Term of Years longer than forty-live, or for one or more Lives, or for Lives with Benefit of Survivorship, a Computation shall be made of what will be, at the End of forty-five Years, the actual Value, reckoning the Rate of Interest at three Pounds, of such

of the said Annuities as may be expected then to be outstanding, and that the additional Sum to be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence of the Creation of such Annuities, shall be one hundredth Part of what shall be computed as aforesaid to be the future actual Value, at the End of forty-five Years, of such Annuities as may be expected then to be outstanding, as aforesaid; and the said Computations shall be formed by and under the Direction of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, with as much Accuracy as the Nature of the Case will admit, according to the Nature of the particular Terms and Conditions which may be prescribed by Parliament relative to such Annuities, or to any Class thereof respectively, and according to such Tables of the probable Duration of Lives as shall appear to the said Commissioners to be most applicable to the Case; and Copies of such Computation, speccifying the Annual Sum which, in consequence thereof, ought, by virtue of this Act? to be ilt'ued and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, shall be delivered to the Speaker of the House of Commons within fourteen Days after any Act of Parliament for raising such Loan by Annuities, as aforesaid, shall have received the Royal Assent; and it shall and may be lawful for the Speaker of the House of Commons, and he is hereby authorised and required, within three Days after such Computation shall have been delivered, as aforesaid, to certify to the Commissioners of the Treasury and the Auditor of the Exchequer, the Amount of the additional Sum to be issued as aforesaid; and such Certificate shall be to the said Commissioners and Auditor a sufficient Authority for issuing such additional Annual Sum, by equal Quarterly Payments, to the Governor and Company of the

8 Bank

253

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 55.

Bank of England, to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in like Manner as any other additional Annual Sum directed to be issued by virtue of this Act, in consequence of any new Loan \ and the said Commissioners of the Treasury and Auditor are hereby required to issue the said Sum accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sums hereby directed to be set apart at the End of each Quarter, and issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence of such new Loans as aforesaid, shall be, so set apart and issued at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, at the End of each Quarter, in the Order in which such Loans shall have respectively taken place, immediately after the Sums which are directed to be issued and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-sixth of his present Majesty, or which may hereafter be directed to be issued and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners by any other Act or Acts of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, after issuing the Quarterly Sums directed by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-sixth of his present Majesty, or which may have been previously directed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament as aforesaid, there shall not remain, out of the Monies composing the Consolidated Fund, Monies sufficient to provide for the Payment of the further Quarterly Sum directed to be set apart or issued by virtue of this Act, in consequence of any new Loan, the Amount of every such Deficiency shall be carried forward and made good in the same Manner, and according to the same Regulations and Provisions, as are prescribed by the said Act of the twenty-sixth of his present Majesty, with respect to any Deficiency of the Quarterly Sum of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds; and that all the Re-gulations, Provisions, Powers, and Authorities created or established by the said herein-before recited Act, for the making good any Deficiency of the Quarterly Payment of the said Sum of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, shall be valid and effectual for the Purpose of making good, in like Manner, any Deficiency in the Quarterly Payments of the further Sum directed to be issued by virtue of the present Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein particularly re-enacted.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Amount of any Deficiency which may arise at the End of any Year, computed to the fifth Day of January, either in respect of the Payment of the Quarterly Sums of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds as aforesaid, or of any other Quarterly Sums which may be directed to be issued from the Exchequer, and placed to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, by virtue of any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or of the Quarterly Sums directed to be issued by virtue of this Act, on Account of any new Loan, and whether the same respectively shall have arisen in any preceding Quarter or Quarters within such Year, or in the Quarter ending on the fifth Day of "January on which such Year shall end, may and shall be made good out of any Aids or Supplies which shall be, or shall have been granted by Parliament, for the Service of the then current Year, as directed by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, or out of any Aids or Supplies which shall have been granted for the Service of any Year preceding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies which shall be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act shall be applied by them, either in Payment for the Redemption of such redeemable Publick Annuities as shall be at or above Par, in such Manner and at such Periods as shall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament, or to the Purchase of any Publick Annuities below, at, or above Par, in the Manner respectively directed by the said recited Act of the twenty-sixth of his present Majesty, and that such Part of the Principal or Capital Stock of any redeemable Publick Annuities, as shall be redeemed or paid off by any Sums to be issued or placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, by virtue of this Act, shall be transferred to the Account of the said Commissioners, and that the Dividends payable thereon shall, from Time to Time, be received by the Governor and Company of the Rank of England, and shall by them be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners: Provided always, That any Sums which shall, by virtue of this Act, be issued or placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, in consequence of any new Loan, and which shall be applied to the Redemption or Purchase of any Capital Stock as aforesaid, and also the Dividends payable on any Stock lb redeemed or purchased in each Quarter, shall be placed to a separate Account, in the Names of the said Commissioners, to be kept in consequence of every such Loan respectively; and that all the other Powers and Authorities, Regulations and Provisions, contained in the said Act, respecting the Application of Monies issued or placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, by virtue of the said Act, or respecting the Accounts to be rendered for the same, or the Charges of Management thereupon, or respecting the Security to be given by the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, shall be valid and effectual with respect to the Monies issued or placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, by virtue of this Act, (except so far as the lame are herein expressly varied,) us fully as if the same were particularly re-enacted.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, made forth by virtue of this present Act, or alter any Number, Figure, or Word therein, or present for Payment, utter, vend, barter, or dispose of any such forged, counterfeit, or altered Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders (knowing the same to be forged, counterfeit or altered), then, and in every such Case, all and every such Person and Persons, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall fi/Jer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Sums to be issued undrr this A6> to hr issued in he Order th Loans have tiicen place, &c.

Whenever there remains not Money of the On-folidateo Fund t" pay the further Sum to be issued in consequence of any new Loan, the Deficiency shall be m.ide good, as directed by 26 Geo. 3. c. 31.

Any Deficiency in the Quarterly Payments which may arise at the End of the Year* to be made good out of any Supplies granted for the current or any preceding Ye,r.

Monies pheed to the Account of the Commissioners, to be applied as herein mentioned, and the Srock redeemed to be translerrrd to their account, and the Dividends placed tl e'eto.

Sums placed so their Account in consequence 6f any new Loan to be kept separate, &c.

Perform counter* ' lei'ing Certificate?, &c. to suffer Death.

CAP.

254 C. 56. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

C a P. LVI.

An Act for preventing the counterfeiting of Certificates of the Characters of Servants.

[Preamble.]

or

WHEREAS many false and counterfeit Characters of Servants have either, been given personally, or in Writing, by evil-disposed Persons being, or pretending to be, the Master, Mistress, Retainer, Superintendant of such Servants, or by Persons who have actually retained such Servants in their re-

/rty Per Ton per* fofiating a Matter, &c. or giving a false Cha-Trctcr to a Str/ van:;

or aflferting that a Servant has been hired for a Period of Time, or in a Station 5

cr was discharged -dt any other Time, or had rot been hired in our previous Service 5 con-tmy to ihc Fa cl}

or any Person of, ferirg himself as ‘a Servant, pretending to have served where he has rot fe 1 ve*1, for with a false Certificate, or who shall alter any Certificate j

01* who havirg been before in Serviceshall pretend not to have been in such Service;

/ball, on Conviction, forfeit ao!.

Application of Forfeiture* Persons not paying the Penalty wth Co As, or not giving Notice of Appeal, &c. may be committed*

it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first: Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any Person or Persons shall falsely personate any Mailer or Mi ft refs, or the Executor, Administrator, Wife, Relation, Housekeeper, Steward, Agent, or Servant of any such Master or Mistress, and shall either personally, or in Writing, give any ialfe, forged, cr counterfeited Character to any Person offering him or herself to be hired as a Servant into the Service of any Person or Persons, then, and in such Case, every such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and undergo the Penalty or Punishment herein after mentioned and in that Behalf provided.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully pretend, or falsely afiert, in Writing, that any Servant has been hired or retained for any Period of Time whatsoever, or in any Station or Capacity whatsoever, other than that for which or in which he, she, or they shall have hired or retained such Servant in his, her, or their Service or Employment, or for the Service of any other Person or Persons, that then, and in either of the said cases, such Person or Persons, so offending as aforesaid, shall forfeit and undergo the Penalty or Punishment herein after mentioned and in that Behalf provided*

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully pretend, or falsely afiert, in Writing, that any Servant was discharged or left his, her, or their Service at any other Time than that at which he or she was discharged or actually left such Service, or that any such Servant had not been hired or employed in any previous Service, contrary to Truth, that then, and in either of the said cases, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and undergo the Penalty or Punishment herein after mentioned an'dlti that Behalf provided.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any Person shall offer himself or herself as a Servant, asserting or pretending that he or she hath served in any Service in which such Servant shall not actually have served, or with a false, forged, or counterfeit Certificate of his or her Character, or shall in any wise add to or alter, efface or erase any Word; Date, Matter, or Thing contained in or referred to in any Certificate given to him or her by his or her last or former atilunl Master or Mistress, or by any other Person or Persons duly authorised by such Master or Mistress to give the same, that then, and in either of the said cases, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and undergo the Penalty or Punishment herein after mentioned and in that Behalf provided.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any Person or Persons having before been in Service, shall, when offering to hire himself, herself, or themselves as a Servant or Servants in any Service whatsoever, falsely and wilfully pretend not to have been hired or retained in any previous Service as a Servant, that then and in such Case such Person or Persons shall forfeit and undergo the Penalty or Punishment herein after mentioned and in that Behalf provided.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of Juy one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any or either of the Offence or Offences aforesaid, by his, her, or their Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City,

the Party or Parties offending shall have been convicted, and the other Moiety thereof shall go and be applied for the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein the Offence shall have been committed; and if the Party who shall have been so convicted shall not immediately pay the said Sum of twenty Pounds so forfeited, together with the Sum of ten Shillings for the Costs and Charges attending such Conviction, or shall not give Notice of Appeal, and enter into Recognizance in the Manner herein after mentioned and in that Behalf provided, such Justices shall and may commit every such Offender to the House of Correction, or form: other Prison of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, of Place, in which he or (lie shall have been convicted, there to remain, and be kept to hard Labour, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding three Month?, nor less than one Month, or until he or {lie pay the said Sum so forfeited, together with such Costs and Charges as aforesaid.

11 VII. cAnJ

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo fecimdo Georgii III. C. 56, 57.

VII. 4jAnd whereas it moll frequently happens, that no Person is present at or privy to the giving of the Character of a Servant, except the Persons by and to whom the same is given be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Informer, in any of the Cases aforesaid; shall be, and shall be deemed and taken to be a good and competent Witness in Law, notwithstanding he shall be entitled to a Part of the said Penalty where the same shall be levied as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Servant or Servants, who shall have been guilty of any of the Offences aforesaid, shall, before any Information hi.s been given or lodged against him, her, or them,-for such Offence, discover and inform against any Person or Persons concerned with him, her, or them, in any Offence against this Act, so as such Offender or Offenders be convicted of such Offence in Manner aforesaid, every such Servant or Servants, so discovering and informing, shall thereupon be discharged and indemnified of, from, and against all Penalties and Punishments to which, at the Time of such Information given, he, she, or they might be liable by this Act, for or by Reason of such his, her, or their own Offence or Offences.

IX. And*for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act,' be it further enacted, That all Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case shall happen; videlicet,

13 E it remembered, That on the Day of

Lord A.B. is convicted before us

Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of

Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the same was committed, Given under our Hands and Seals> the Day and Tear aforesaid. '

in the Tear of our two of his [Specifying the as the Case, shall be].

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or hprself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant entering into a Recognizance, with two sufficient Sureties, in the Sum of twenty Pounds each, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by such Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance; which said Justices shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper, and the Determination of such General or Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents Purposes; and no Conviction or Order made concerning any Matters aforesaid, or any other ProceedingSfo be had, touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed determined by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefe whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentice

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Pcor, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, or the greater Part of them, by the Af- sent offtwo Justices of the Peace, to bind any Children, whole Parents they shall judge to be not able to

keep and maintain such Children, to be Apprentices, where they shall see convenient, till such Man Child should come to the Age of twenty-four Years, and such Woman Child to the Age of twenty-one Years, or the Time of her Marriage, the same to be as effectual to all Purposes, as if such Child were of full Age, and by Indenture of Covenant bound him or herself: And whereas, by an Act made in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of King William, intituled An Atl f rf applying some Defetls hi the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, after reciting, that there oeing Doubts whether the Persons to whom such Children were to be bound, under and by virtue of the said Statute of the forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, were compellable to receive such Children as Apprentices, that Law had jailed of its Execution, it w>as therefore enacted, That where any poor Child*en should be appointed to be bound Apprentices, pursuant to the said Act of Qu. en Elizabeth, the Persons to whom they are so appointed to be bound Apprentices, shall receive and provide for them according to the Indenture signed and confirmed by the two Justices of the Peace, and a!so execute the other Part of the said Indentures, under the Penalty, in case of Refusal, of the Forfeiture of ten Pounds for every such Offence, to be levied of the Goods of the Offender, in the Manner mentioned in the said Act:

And whereas, by an Act passed in the eighteenth.Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend such Part of an Act, made in the forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, inti-

tided, An Act for the Relief of the Poorf as relates to the binding of Pa rip apprentices^ it wras enacted, That wThen any Man Child should be bound to be an Apprentice, by virtue of the said Act made in the forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, such Child shall be bound to be an Apprentice for no longer Term than till he shall come to the Age of twenty-one years: And whereas in such Indentures of Apprenticeship, it hath been usual to infer t several Agreements and Covenants to be dene and performed

255

Informer, though entitled to Psrt of the Pi ruby, \ competent Witness,

Offenders diffc* vering Acoro-piic.-s feirt't* In. fnrrru'ion in-demr.ified.

Justicep may cause Convictions to be drawn up :n the following

Form.

Pat tie? stgf rievf may appeal to the Quarter Session, v here (he Matt-r may be finally de:er-mioed in a fam-mary Way, 8cz.

Proceedings not to be quashed for want of Form, or removed by Ceriioraii,

[Preamble.]

43 Eliz, c. 2.

8 and 9 Gul. 3. c 30 and

18 Geo. 3. C. 47, recited.

256 C. 57. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

by the several Parties thereto; (that is to say,) an Agreement on the Part of the Apprentice, that he will faithfully serve his Matter during the Term of such Apprenticeship; and also several Covenants on the Part of the Matter, for himlelt, his Executors and Administrators, that he the said Matter will teach or cause to be taught, such Apprentice in the Business of Husbandry, or in the Craft, Mystery, or Occupation which such Matter then uleth, as the Case may be; and that such Matter shall also, during the Term of such Apprenticeship, find and allow unto such Apprentice sufficient Meat, Drink, Apparel,

Lodging, and all other Things needful for an Apprentice, during such Term: And whereas, in the Event of the Death of the Matter during the Term of such Apprenticeship, the Agreement for Service on the Part of the Apprentice is at an End, but the Covenant for Maintenance on the Part of the Maf- ter ftiil continues in Force, as far as the Matter's Assets will extend, or Doubts h ue arisen with respect thereto, and, in consequence thereof, such Apprentices do frequently, on the Death of their Mailer,

leave their Matter's House, and, after living in idleness, return again and become a Burden on their Matter's Effects, and so from Time to Time as they think proper, which is attended with great Inconre- nience and Hardship to the Family and Personal Representatives of such Matter, and is at the same Time an Inducement to such Apprentice to continue in a disorderly and idle Course of Life: And whereas the several Powers given to Justices of the Peace for the better ordering of Parish Apprentices, by the several Acts of Parliament made for that Purpose, do ceale and determine on the Death of the Matter, for which a Remedy ought to be provided: And whereas several other Regulations aie necessary to be made respecting Parish Apprentices:' Be itjtherefore enacted by the King's most Excellent. Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, 'I'hat, from and after the first Day of July one thousand lbven hundred and ninety-two, in case of the Death of any Master or Mistress of any Parish Apprentice, during the Term of such Apprenticeship, upon the binding out of which Apprentice no larger Sum than five Pounds has been or shall be paid, such Covenant as is before mentioned, for the Maintenance of such Apprentice, inserted in the Indenture of Apprenticeship by which such Apprentice shall have been or shall be bound, shall not continue and be in F orce for and during any longer Time than for three Calendar Months next after the Death of such Master or Mistress, and that during such three Calendar Months such Apprentice shall continue to live with and serve as an Apprentice, the Executors and Administrators of such Master or Mistress, some or one of them, or such Periori or Persons as such Executors or Administrators, some or one of them, shall appoint; and the Master or Mistress whom such Apprentice shall accordingly serve during the said three Calendar Months, and also such Apprentice, shall during that. Time be subject and liable to all the Laws which are or shall be in Force for the better Government and Regulation of Matters and Parish Apprentices: And that in all such Parish Indentures of Apprenticeship as aforesaid, which shall be made from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, there shall be annexed to the Covenant in such Indentures to be entered into on the Part of the Master or Mistress of such Apprentice, for such Maintenance as aforesaid, a Proviso declaring, that such Covenant shall not be made to continue and be in Force for any longer Time than for three Calendar Months next after the Death of such Master or Mistress, in case such Master or Mistress shall die during, the Term of such Apprenticeship; which Proviso may be in the Form or to the Effect mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked with the Letter A; and in case such Proviso shall happen to be omitted in any such Indenture, the Covenant therein contained on the Part of the Matter, for the Maintenance of the Apprentice, shall be deemed and taken to continue and be in Force for no longer Time than for three Calendar Months next after the Death of such Master or Mistress, in case such Master or Mistress shall die. during the Term of such Apprenticeship; any Thing in any such Covenant to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas it is just and reasonable, that such Apprentice as aforesaid, in case of his Matter's* 4 Death during his Apprenticeship, should be obliged, during the Term of his Apprenticeship, to make some Satisfaction by his Labour to the Family or Representatives of his deceased Matter, for the Advantages he has received from his Apprenticeship in his Childhood, when his Services could not be equal to the Expences of his Maintenance;' be it enacted, That within such three Calendar Months after the Death of such Master or Mistress, it shall and may be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Town, Riding, Division, or Place where such Master or Mistress shall have died, on Application made to them by the Widow of such Matter, or by the Husband of such Mistress, or by any Son or Daughter, Brother or Sitter, or by any Executor or Executrix, Administrator or Administratrix, of such Master or Mistress, by Indorsement on any such Indenture of Apprenticeship, or the Counterpart thereof, or by any other Instrument in Writing, (which Indorsement or instrument may be in the Forms or to the Effect mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked with the Letters B. and C.,) to order and direct that such Apprentice shall serve as an Apprentice any one of such Persons so making such Application as aforesaid (such Person having lived with, and having been Part of the F amily of, such Matter or Millreis at the Time of his or tier Death) as the said Justices shall in their Discretion think fit, for and during the Residue of the Term mentioned in such Indenture of Apprenticeship; and the Person obtaining such Order shall declare his Acceptance of such Apprentice, by subscribing his or her Name to such Order; and that from and after such Order shall be made, the Executors and Administrators, and the Personal Abets, Estate, and Effects of the Master or Mistress so dying as aforesaid, shall be released and discharged of and from any Protnile or Covenant whatsoever, contained in any such Indenture of Apprenticeship, oa the Part of such Master or Mistress, his or her Executors or Administrators, to be done and performed; and the Person obtaining the same shall be, and be deemed and taken to be, the Master or Mistress of such Apprentice, in like Manner as if such Apprentice had been originally bound to such Matter or Mistrefe; and

S that

Covenant for

Maintenance of Pari lb Apvren-' ticer, with whom no time than 51. shall be given, to continue in Force no loogerthanthree Months after the Death of the Matter, &c.

Proviso to that to be annexed to Covenant, but if omitted, the Covenant to continue no longer in Force*

Within three Month* after the Death of a Masser, two Justices tnay order Apprentice* to serve' the Residue of 1 heir Terms wi< h Person* of the Dtftrij«f'on htrein specified, on application, lie.

by

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 5*7.

that such last mentioned Master or Mistress, his or her Executors and Administrators, each and every of them, shall be held and bound by the several Promises and Covenants contained in any such Indenture of Apprenticeship on the Part of the Master or Mistress therein named, his or her Executors or Administrators, to be done and performed, in like Manner as if such Master or Mistress obtaining such Order as aforesaid had duly executed the Counterpart of such Indenture^ and that such Master or Mistress and Apprentice shall be subject and liable to the several Penalties, Provisions, and Regulations which shall then be in Force for the better Government and good Order of Masters and Parish Apprentices; and that all Justices of the Peace shall have the like Powers and Authority, with respect thereto, as they shall then have by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Parish Apprentices.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and Angular the Regulations and Provisions herein-before made, and directed to take place on the Death of the original Master or Mistress, shall be deemed and taken to relate to the like Event of the Death of any such subsequent Master or Mistress, and to their several Relations and Representatives before enumerated, from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, during the Continuance of the Term mentioned in any such Indenture of Apprenticeship.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case no such Application shall be made as aforesaid within three Calendar Months next after the Death of such Master or Mistress, or in case such two Justices, to whom any such Application as aforesaid shall have been made, shall not think fit that such Apprenticeship should be continued, then the said Apprenticeship shall be determined, and the Indenture of Apprenticeship and Covenants therein contained shall be at an End, in like Manner as they would have been at the Expiration of the Term therein mentioned.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Parish Apprentice, but to such only as shall be living with, and shall make Part of the Family, or shall be in the ablual Employment, of such original Master or Mistress, or of any subsequent Master or Mistress appointed under and by virtue of the several Provisions of this Act at the Time of the Death of any such Mailers or Mistresses respectively.

VI. And whereas much Difficulty and Delay must necessarily happen in bringing an Action upon the € Covenant for A/laintenance before mentioned contained in any such Indenture of Parish Apprenticeship be it enacted, That in case any such original Master or Mistrefe as aforesaid, or any Master or Mistress appointed under or by virtue of this Act, shall, during the Term of any such Parish Apprenticeship as aforesaid, or if the Executors or Administrators of such Masters or Mistresses, any or either of them, having Assets, shall, during such three Calendar Months as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to maintain and provide for any such Apprentice, according to the Terms of such Covenant, it shall and may be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Town, Riding, Division, or Place in which the Parifl^fc^lace shall lie, to which such Apprentice shall belong, on Complaint of such Apprentice, or of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, tolevy by Distress and Sale of the Personal Estate and Effects or Assets of such Master or Mistress respectively, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the Maintenance and Cloathing of such Apprentice, and as shall also be necessary to reimburse to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place, any Sum or Sums of Money that shall have been reasonably expended by them for that Purpose.

VII. And whereas it frequently happens that Persons are compellable, under and by virtue of the said Act of the ninth and tenth Years of King William^ to take a greater Number of Parish Apprentices than it is convenient for them to maintain or employ in their own Families, and they are therefore forced to place out or assign over such Apprentices to other Persons; and it is proper that such Alignment should be le- gaily made, under the Inspection and Controul of the Magistrates, as well for the Benefit of the Appren- tice, as that the original Master maybe discharged from his Covenants in respect of such Apprentice;

and it is fit that the Person to whom such Assignment shall be made, and also the Apprentice, should be made subject to the ordinary Jurisdiction of justices of the Peace with respect to Masters and Parish Apprentices be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Master or Mistress of any such Par ifh Apprentice as aforesaid, by Indorsement on the Indenture of Apprenticeship, or by other Instrument in Writing, by and with the Consent of two Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Town, Riding, Division, or Place where such Master or Mistress shall dwell, testified by such Justices under their Hands, to assign such Apprentice to any Person who is willing to take such Apprentice for the Residue of the Term mentioned in such Indenture of Apprenticeship: Provided always, That such Person to whom such Apprentice is intended to be assigned, shall at the same Time, by Indorsement on the Counterpart of such Indenture, or by Writing under his or her Hand, dating the said Indenture of Apprenticeship, and the Indorsement and Consent aforesaid, declare his or her Acceptance of such Apprentice, and acknowledge himself, herself, his, or her Executors and Administrators, 'to be bound by the Agreements and Covenants mentioned in the said Indenture, on the Part of the Master or Mistress of such Apprentice to be done and performed; which Indorsement or Instrument maybe in the Forms or to the Effect mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked with the Letters D. and E.; and in such Case such Apprentice shall be deemed and taken to be the Apprentice of such subsequent Master or Mistress to whom such Assignment shall be made, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and fc^from Time to Time, as often as it shall be necessary or convenient for any such subsequent Master or Mistress to part nitn any such Apprentice; and all Justices of the Peace shall have the like Power and Authority, i:i the fevcial Cases last mentioned, with respect as well to the lub-(equent Master or Mistress, Masters or MTcresses, as to the Apprentice, as such Justices shall then have by any Law for the better Regulation of Parish Apprentices.

237

Provificrp to take place on the Death of the original MaPer to < xtend 10 fub-f< quern ones.

1 f ro Application be made, or the Justices should notthink fit that the Apprenticeship should be con-lit.ued, it shall be at an End. Act to extend to such Parish Apprentices only at shall be living with the Maker.

Justices may order the necessary Sums for Maintenance and Cloathing of Apprentices to be levied by Di(V tress.

I

Masters may assign over Apprentice* with thr Consent of two Justices, &T,

e

S5®

J m?v <Hf-

ch-»rpe Apprentice? vi k lc Maf-t<r> cannor employ or m:inain ti:etn.

Not ro expend to Appr^n ice« v irh whom mo-e than 51. shall tc

gW-Jlt

No Indo^emeot

C>n Hariifi lndtfl-tu*e* to be liable to St..nv> Du'y, and no o'her I o-ssu rents to be ch Ji ye 1 higher than ‘h-'Duty on Faifii luc.entires.

ao Geo. c. 19.

rcci.cd.

Justices dif-.harging any Apprentice under the last recited Act, may order his Clothes to be delive ed, ®p, ani a Suna not exceeding 7ol. to be paid %i»e Parish Officers for placing him out a^ain, *c.

and may comp *1 the Parish officers to tn er ir> o Kecogn'Zince to yri>f.'cute Masters for 1) 1 Treatment of

Apprentices, &c.

Justice* mav order any Ma^er con^ibted under the lift ieche4 AS, ywher. liable to takr a Vanfn Apprentice, to p^y t' the Parish Offi-«ei s a Sum not exceedu g 10l. nor lets than cl. for the hurpnle of binding out Uc Child, dec.

C. 57. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

VIII. And whereas no express Provision his been ma^je for the discharging of any such Parish Appren

tice from a Master or Mistress who is become insolvent, or is lb far reduced in his or her Circumstances as to be unable to employ or maintain such Apprentice ;* be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful fur two Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Town, Riding, Division, or Place where any such Mailer or Mistreis shall live, on the Application of such Matter or Mi ft rds requesting that any such Apprentice may be discharged, for the Reasons aforesaid, to enquire into the Matter of such Allegations, and t<* cbfehaige any Inch Apprentice from h:s Appumiceship, in case the said two Justices shall find such Alle-gvuiens to be true.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing hereir.-before contained shall extend, or be construed to exteu i, to the Indenture made on the binding of any Apprentice, by the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish or Place, or the major Part of then, under ani by virtue of the Powers given to them by the Statute made in the forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, in the case of any such Rinding, where a larger Sum than live Pound? ftuli be given, but that such Binding shall be subject and liable to the like Rules and Regulations as they would have been ful jed and liable to iivcafc this Act bad not been made.

X. Provided also, and be it enacted, Tint no InJorfement or Irilarfements on any Parish Indenture of Apprenticeship herein-before mentioned, made or executed in pursuance of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Duty imooted upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, but the same shall be, and are hereby declared to be exempted therefrom, and that no other Instrument or Instruments in Writing herein-before mentioned, shall be charged or chargeable with any higher Duty than with the Duty imposed or to be imposed on Parish Indentures of Apprenticeship.

XI. And wheras, by an Act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, in- ti tuled. An Act for the better adjnjhng and more easy Recovery of the Wages of certain Servants, and fir the better Regulation of such Servants, and of certain Apprentices, it is enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more Justices, upon any Complaint or Application by any Apprentice put out by the Parish, touching or concerning any Mifufage, Rcfufil of necessary Provisions, Cruelty, or other ill Treatment, of or towards such Apprentice, by his or her Master or Mistress, and due Proof thereof, to discharge such Apprentice from his or ner Apprenticeship: And whereas Inttances of such ill Treatment fre- quest'y occur, and it is fit that the Expectation of such Ddcharge should not operate as an Inducement to such ili Treatment:* Be it enacted, That in every Case where any Parish Apprentice whatsoever shall be discharged from his Apprenticeship by two Justices, under and by virtue of toe said last mentioned Act, it fiia.ll and may be lawful for such two Justices to order such Master or Mistress to deliver up to such Apprentice his or her Clothes and Wearing Apparel, and also to pay to such Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place to which such Apprentice shall belong, some or one of them, a Sutn not exceeding ten Pounds, to be applied by them, some or one of them, under the Order of such Justices, for the again placing and binding out such Apprentice so discharged as uforefiid, or otherwise, for his or her Benefit, as to such Justices shall (eem meet; and also to pay a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, in case such Matter or Mif-trels shall refuse to deliver up such Clothes and Wearing Apparel; and in case such Master or Mistress shall refuse to pay the Sum so ordered by the said Justices to be paid as a fore Aid, or either of them, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful for such two Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the lame by Distrds and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Master or Mistress, together with the reasonable Expences of such Distress; and also, that it shall and may be lawful for such two Justices, if they shall so think fit, to compel such Church wardens and Overseers of the Poor, some or one of them, to enter into a Recognizance for the effectual Prosecution by Indictment of such Master or Mistress for such ill Treatment of any such Apprentice so discharged as aforesaid, and also to order that the Costs and Expences of such Prosecution shall be paid and discharged, or reimbursed to such Person or Persons entering into such Recognizance as aforesaid, one Moiety thereof out of the Poor Rates of the Parish -or Place to which such Apprentice shall belong, and the other Moiety ther eof out of the Common Stock of the County in which such Parish or Place shall lie; and in case the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place for the Time being shall refuse to pay such their Moiety as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such two Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, any or either of them, together with the reasonable Expences of such Distress.

XII. And whereas it is not expedient that such Master or Mistress should be again entrutted with the Care of another Parish Apprentice;* be it enacted, That in every Case where any Parish Apprentice shall have been so discharged from any Master or Mistress as aforesaid under and by virtue of the said lad mentioned Aift, and such Master and Mistress shall have been convicted of such Offence, in consequence of such Prosecution by Indictment as aforesaid, or shall have been found guilty thereof in any Action brought at the Suit of the Party injured, it shall not be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish or Place, or the major Part of them, to bind any other Apprentice upon such Person; but that whenever such Person ought or would be compellable to take a Parish Apprentice, it shall and may be Uwful for any two Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Town, Riding, Division, or Place where such Per It n shall re fide, upon Application made to them by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of fetch Parish or Place, to order and direct that such Perton shall pay into the Hands of such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, some or one of them, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds nor less than five Pounds, for the Purpose of binding out the Child (intended to be bound) an Apprentice, with the Approbation of such two Justices; and in case such Person shall refuse to pay such Sum as afore-

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 57. 259

said, then that it shall and may be lawful for such two Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, together with the reasonable fcxpences of such Distress: Pro/ided always, That it shall and may be lawful for such Master or Mif-tress as aforesaid, from whom any Parish Apprentice shall be discharged under and by virtue of the A£>, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, to appeal against the Order made for such Discharge as aforesaid, and also against any such Order made for his or her Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money in consequence thereof as aforesaid, or for his or her Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money in lieu of a subsequent Binding, under and by virtue of the Provisions of this Act, to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the County, City, Riding, Division, or Place where fucti Orders, any or either of them, shall be made, and upon such Appeal the said Court of General Quarter Sd-fions shall finally determine the same, and in their Discretion allow to all Parties their reasonaole Costs; and no such Distress for enforcing the Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money as are last mentioned, shall be taken until after the General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden next after any such Order as aforesaid shall be made, in case the Person who is ordered to pay the same (ha'l, within seven Days after Notice given to him or her of such Order being made, give Notice to such Churchwardens and Over leers of the Poor, some or one of them, of such intended Appeal; and in case such Person shall tail to appear in Support of his Appeal at such General Quarter Session, then the Sum of forty Shillings shall be added to the Expences of the Distress before directed to be taken, and levied accordingly.

XIII. And whereas by the said last mentioned Act it is also enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

and for two Justices, upon Application or Complaint made upon Oath by any Master or Mistress, against any Parish Apprentice, touching or concerning any Misdemeanor, Miscarriage, or ill Behaviour of such Apprentice, to hear and determine the same, and punish the Offender in such Manner as is therein mentioned, or otherwise to discharge such Apprentice from his Apprenticeship, and it is expedient to prevent the Expectation of such Discharge being an Inducement to such ill Behaviour on the Part of the Appren- tice;' be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Parish Apprentice shall be discharged by two Justices, under and by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, from his or her Apprenticeship, on Account of any Misdemeanor, Miscarriage, or ill Behaviour on the Part of such Apprentice, that it shall and may be lawful for such two Justices, if they think proper, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to punish such Offender by Commitment to the House of Correction, there to remain and be corrected, and kept to hard Labour, for a reasonable Time, not exceeding three Calendar Months, as to such Justices shall seem meet. t

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be aggrieved by any Matter or Thing done, or omitted- to be done, by any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, or by any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever, under and by virtue of this Act, besides such Matters or Things for which an Appeal is herein-before specially given, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, where the same shall be heard and finally determined; and such Court may award reasonable Costs and Expences to either Party before the nr.

Mifters *>ay appeal to the Quarter Sessions, Sc c.

On Notice of fucS Appeal, no Hill rtf* to be made till aft-r the Qu mer Session.

40s Penalty for failing t-» support Ajipidi.

Apprentices^ if. charged for ill Brhaviour may be lent to the H 'use of Cor-re&iom

Parties aggrieved may aop^ak to the Quaker Scf- A ns*

SCHEDULE

Referred to in this Act.

A.

FORM Pro7l.fi to be added to the Covenant for Maintenance.

PROVIDED always. That the said last mentioned Covenant on the Part of the said M. [the Me;fin ] his Executors and Administrators, to be done and performed, shall continue and be in force for no longer Time than for three Calendar Months next after the Death of the f?;d F. M. in case he the said F. M. shall happen to die during the Continuance of such Apprenticeship, according to the Provisions of an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Here Jet forth the Title of the Ail-]

B.

FORM of the Order of two ffices, directing a Par if Apprentice to continue with the TVi dew [or as the Case maybe] of his deceastd Master^ by Indofment on the bidenture or Counterpart thereof; on which Binding no more was paid than the Sum for that Purpose mentioned in this Act.

County of ?

WHEREAS F. M. [the Majler\ within named, late of the Parish of

J in the said County, died on the Day of, being

within three Calendar Months now last past; we, two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County aforesaid, whole Names are hereunto subseriied, on the Application and at the Request of A. At Widow [nr

as

z6o C. 57, 58. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

as the Case may be] of the said F. M. living with and being Part of the Family of the said F. M. at the Time of his Death, do hereby order and dire£I, that A. P. the Apprentice within named, who was in the Service and actual Employment of the said F. M. at the Time of his Death, shall serve the said A. M. as such Apprentice, for the Residue of the Term of such Apprenticeship within mentioned, according to the Provisions of an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentices. Witness our Hands, this Day of

I, the above-named A. M. do hereby declare, That the above Order is made at my Reaueft, and that I do accept the said A. P. as my Apprentice, according to the Terms and Covenants contained in the said Indenture, and according to the Provisions of the said Act.

Witness my Hand, the Day and Year above written.

c.

FORM of the like Order, by a separate Injlrumcni.

County of

WHEREAS it appears unto us, two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said \ County, That A. P. [the Apprentice] was bound an Apprentice, by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of, to F* M. \t1he Master] late of the said

Parish, and that the said F. M. died on Day of, being

within three Calendar Months now lad pad: Now we, the said two Judices, on the Application and at the Requed, &c. [then, to the End, as before, mutatis mutandis.]

D.

FORM of the Alignment of such a Parish Apprentice, the Consent of two jfit/iices, by Indorsement on the Indenture or

County of,) PE it remembered, that the within-named F. [ ] by and with the Consent

J and Approbation of I.P. and K. P. two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, whose Names are subscribed to the Consent hereunder written, doth hereby assign A. P. the Apprentice within named, unto N. M. [the new Maflej to serve him during the Residue of the Term within mentioned; and that he the said N. M. doth hereby agree to accept and take the said A. as an Apprentice for the Rofifjuc of the said Term, and doth hereby acknowledge himself, his Executors and Adini-nistrators, to be bound by the Agreements and Covenants within mentioned on the Part of the said F. M. to be done and performed, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, and pursuant to the Provisions of an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of King the Third, intituled, An Act for the

further Regulation of Parish Apprentices. In Witness whereof we, the said F. M. and N. M. have hereunto let our Hands, this Day ot

We, two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace above-mentioned, do consent thereto.

Witness our Hands, this Day of

7. P.

P.

E.

FORM of the like AJJignment, ly a separ ate Injlrvment.

County of ? y, WHEREAS it appears unto us, I. P. and A'. P. two of his Majesty's Justices of the J Peace for the said County, whose Names are subscribed to the Consent hereunder written, that A. P. was bound an Apprentice by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of, to F M. of the same Parish, by Indenture bearing Date on or

about the Day of until the said A. P. should attain his Age of twenty-

one Years: Now be it remembered, that the said F. M* by and with the Consent, b\\ [and so, to the End, as before, mutatis mutandis.]

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law in Proceedings upon Information in Nature of Quo Warranto.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it would greatly tend to secure the Freedom of Election, and the Quiet, Tranquil- lity, and good Order of Cities, Boroughs, and Towns Corporate, if a certain reasonable Lmii- tation of Time should be by Law established, beyond which no Member or Onicer of any City, Borough, or Town Corporate, should be disturhed in the Enjoyment or Exercise of his Office or Franchise which he should have held and enjoyed for such Time:* Be it en/i£icd by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

262

C. 59. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

Reci red Provi-siens teoealfd, so far as ihev relate to England, Wales, ard Berwick upon Tweed.

From July 31, 1792, it Ale-liou fe-keepciS die or ictnove, &c. before the Expira'ion of th.ir Lie' necs, new ones m »y be panted to Executors or new Tenants, till the next Licensing Day, on certain Conditions.

Certificates and Rec gnizancea rt^uirtd determined by this A Of to be sent to the Clerk of the Peace to be ie-eorded.

In Middlesex and Surrey, the Justices at the Ge-n* ral Ucei fug Meetings to appoint special £»nts, &c.

his Majesty a Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseabk Liquors; and for establishing a ‘ Ml thod for granting such Licences in Scotland, and for allowing fuel) Licences to be granted at a Petty Session in England, in a certain Case therein mentioned, it was (amongst other Things) enacted, That if any Person so licensed to sell Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquor, should die, or remove from the Alehouse or other Place wherein such Ale, Beer, or other Liquor should, by virtue of such Licence, be fold, it shotiid and might be lawful for the Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of such Person dying or removing, who should be possessed of such House or Place, or the Occupier thereof, to sell Ale, Beer, or ether Liquors therein, during the Refulue of the Term for which such Licence should have been granted to the Person so dying cr removing, without any Certificate from any Justice of the Peace, or any new Licence to be had or obtained in that Behalf, any "Filing in the said Act: made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, or any other Law, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding:

And it was by the said Act further enacted, That in case any Alehouse or Victualling House, in that Part of Great Piitain called England, should become empty or unoccupied after the General Day appointed for licensing (the Occupier whereof was duly licensed the Year preceding), it should be lawful for any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, at a Petty Session, to grant a Licence to any new Tenant or Occupier to open such House as an Alehouse or Victualling House, and to sell Ale there till the next General Licensing Day, so as the said Licence be stamped as therein directed, such new Tenant or Occupier obtaining such Certificate as is directed and prescribed in and by an Act of Parliament,

made in the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Manner of licensing Alehouse s in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for the more easy convitling Persons selling Ale, and other Liquors, without Licence: And whereas it is expedient that some other Provision should he made rifpedting the Continuance of the Licences of Alehouses or Victualling Houses, in Cases of Persons so dying or removing the reout as aforesaid, and that some further Regulation should be made respecting the granting of Licences for the Sale ot Ale, Beer, and other Liquors, by Retail, and for the better Government of Alehouses or Victualling Houses, in that Part of Great Britain called England,

the Dominion of Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed:* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the above-recited Provisions in the said Acts of the twenty-sixth and twenty-ninth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to such Parts of Great Britain, shall be, and the (lime are hereby repealed; and that, from and after the thirty-first Day of Ju'y one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any Person duly licensed to kcea an Alehouse, Inn, Victualling House, or to sell Ale, Eeer, or ether exciseable Liquors, by House within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales,

or the Town of upon Tweed, shall happen to die before the Expiration of such Licence, or if any Person so licenl(3||H^e Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of any Person dying lo licensed, shall remove from cr vie^fflp the Possession of such House in 'which such Ale, Beer, or other Liquors shall by virtue of such Licence be fold, and shall assign such Licence, or in case any such House shall become empty or unoccupied, the late Occupier whereof was duly licensed at the last Gencial Licensing Day -in Sep-tender, previous to the Time such House became empty or unoccupied, then and.in every such Case (except as heicin is otherwise provided) it shall and may be lawful for two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, at a Petty Sessions to be holden within and for the same Division in which such House shall be situate, to grant a Licence to the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of the Pei fen so dying, who shall be possessed of such House, or to any new Tenant or Occupier, upon such Removal, or the House becoming empty or unoccupied as aforesaid, to open or continue open such House as an Alehouse or Victualling House, and to sell Ale, Beer, and other Liquors aforesaid there till the next General Licensing Day, so as the said Licence be damped as by the aforesaid Statutes in that Behalf is oiredted; or for the said Justices, in their Diferciion, to allow to such Executors or Ad.niniftra-tors, or other Persons aforesaid, polio fled of any such Licence, to continue open such House for the Purposo aforesaid, under and by virtue of such Licence, until the Expiration thereof, every such Executor, Administrator, or Assign, and every such Tenant or Occupier, respectively, in every such Case, obtaining, within thirty Days after such Death or Removal, or after his or her entering upon the Possession of such House, and producing to the said Justices such Certificate, and entering perfoiully into such Recognizance, with such Sureties as is directed by the said in Part recited Act of the iwcnty-lixib Year of his laid late Majesty, in respect to Persons to whom licences are to be granted by virtue of the said Ati; which said Certificate and Recognizance, with the Condition thereof fairly written or printed, and attested by the Justices granting or allowing fuel) Licence, shall forthwith, or at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace at far UR ft after granting such Licences, be sent or returned to the Clerks of the Peace, to be by them, or other Persons acting as Inch, duly entered or filed amongst tile Records of the Sessions of the Peace.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the respective Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, the Justices assembled at the General Licensing Meetings holden for the respective Divihons within the same, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby directed and required to appoint not Ids than fix nor more than eight special Days of Meeting at different equal Periods, as near as may be, in each Year next ensuing such General Licensing Meetings; on which Da^s it shall and may be lawful for two or more Justices acting in and for the said Divisions, to meet and to grant or continue Licences in the Cases and in the Manner and for the Time herein-before mentioned; and the Justices assembled at the said General Liceniing Meetings are hereby directed and required to cause

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 59.

causedue Notice to be given of the Times and Places at which such Special Meetings shall respectively be holden.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person so licensed as aforesaid, within the said Counties of Middlesex and Surry, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of any Person dying so licensed, shall remove from such House, or yield up the Possession thereof in Manner aforesaid, or in case any such House, within the respective Counties aforesaid, shall be or become empty or unoccupied, in Manner aforesaid, then and in every such Case, before such Licence shall be continued, or a new Licence granted to open or continue open any such House as ail Alehouse, Inn, or Victualling House, the Person or Persons so succeeding as the Occupier or Occupiers thereof shall appear at the next Special Meeting to be holden for the Division wherein such House shall be. situated; and the Justices assembled at such Special Meeting shall and may (upon such Certificate being produced to them, and such Recognisance being entered into as is herein-before mentioned) grant a Licence to such new Tenant or Occupier, or in their Discretion allow a Continuance of any Licence before granted, in Manner aforesaid, to open cr continue open such House as an Alehouse, Inn, or Victualling House, and to sell Ale, Beer, and other ex-eifeable Liquors there until the next General Licensing Day; any Thing in the Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impower any Justices of the Peace at any Petty Sessions to grant any new Licence to any House, the Occupier whereof was not duly licensed at the General Licensing Day next before such Petty Sessions as aforesaid.

Central Licensing Day.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con- The Times of

strued to extend, to alter the Time or Times of granting Licences for keeping of Common Inns or Ale- L-

houses, or to oblige Persons not licensed the Year preceding, to produce Certificates in the City of ^u-rTi1 rmr" London. Persons nor licenstd the Year preceding obliged to produce Certificates in London.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person so entering into the Pofief- entering

fion of any licensed Alehouse, Inn, or Victualling House, who shall fell any Ale, Beer, or other exciseable yjio licensed Liquors, unless authorised and impowered fojtp do by the Justices at the Petty Sessions next ensuing after thrAuth^Ty^f the Expiration of such thirty Days, in the Mfttier herein-before directed, shall from thence be liable to all the justices lithe Penalties, Punishments, and Forfeitures, to which Persons selling Ale, Beer, or otto Lj^uors, by Re- able to Penalty, tail, without a Licence, are subject by an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of life jjfefent Majesty,

intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admijfmis into Corporations or CornmNu^ayidfor further securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great^Eritain; any Law, Statute, or Usagelo the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the Certificate herein-before directed Person*obta:n-

to be obtained by the Person or Persons requiring to be licensed, shall, after the obtaining thereof, be an »"g ih; necessary Indemnity to him, her, or them, for felling any Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors, till after such Petty ^nifiedViihh Sessions shall have been held. # pTt^Sessioni.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where the Continuance of C!erk of lh.

a Licence shall be allowed, or a new Licence shall be granted as aforesaid, by the Justices at any Petty Sef- Peace to record lions, the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where the House is situate, shall the Continuance record the same, and shall be paid the Sum of one Shilling for recording the allowing or granting of every of LiccnctS» such Licence, and no more.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of October From oa. 10, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever, in 1792, no Person any County, Riding, City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Place, in Great Britain, by virtue of any Licence {e'}. Win.e bX or Licences granted or to be granted by any of the Commissioners or Officers of Excise, for the Sale of frawn in°hi« Foreign Wines, or British-made Wines, or Sweets, by Retail, to tell the same by Retail, to be drank in his, House, without her, or their House or Houses, or Place thereto adjoining or belonging, except such Person and Persons only having a Beer to whom a Licence shall have been granted by Justices of the Peace, or other Officers, to sell Ale, Beer, and Liccn<*. other Liquors in the same House or Houses respectively; and the several Justices of the Peace, and all other justice* to have Officers, in and throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be, and are hereby impowered and autho- the same Jarif-rifed to have and txercife the same Jurisdictions, Powers, and Authorities over such Retailers of Foreign or never such British-made Wines or Sweets, who shall sell the same to be drank in his, her, or their House or Houses, or

Place thereto adjoining or belonging, as aforesaid, as they now have or exercise, or are entitled to have or exer- havener Ulferg1 cife, over Persons licensed to sell Ale, Beer, and other Liquors, by any Statute whatsoever; and if any Person of Beer, or Persons shall fell or cause to be sold by Retail as aforesaid, any Foreign or Britishrmade Wines or Sweets, Penalty for feU 10 be drank in his, her, or their House or Houses, or Place thereto adjoining or belonging, without having a ling wine by Licence to sell Ale, Beer, and other Liquors in the same House or Place, eVcry such Person or Persons shall Rct.ail> without severally and respectively forfeit and pay for every such Offence the like Penalty and Penalties as are inflicted £:cv,^ea BsCr on Persons for selling Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, without a Licence, by an Act made in the fifth Llccr*cc'

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admissions 5 Geo. -. c. 46, into Corporations or Companies^ and for securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain, to be adjudged, recovered, levied, certified, and applied in such and the like Manner, and under the like Terms, and with the like Powers and Authorities, as the several Penalties inflicted by the said Act are hereby, or 32 Geo. III. M m by

263

at wbuh they may grant to licensed Person* removjnp, &c. and producing the nrcefla.y Certificate*, &c. a Continuance of Licences, &c.

No new Licences to be granted at PetM S* (lions to H'jufc* r.-»i li-cenfei at the

---

264 C. 59 - 62. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

by any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto, directed to be adjudged, recovered, levied^ certified, and applied.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Not to extend to the Vintrers Company, &c.

Freemen of the Vintners Company by Re-deipption, after Oi\, ic, 1792, not exempted from this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued, moleffed, or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall or may plead the General Issue, and give the (pedal Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall be parted for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant shall have treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Person who shall be a Master, Warden, Freeman, or one of the Commonalty of the Vintners of the City of London; or to any Person who shall be licensed by the Chancellors or Vice Chancellors of the two Universities, in that Part of Great Britain called England, or either of them; or to any Person who shall keep one of the three several Wine Taverns within the Borough of Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford, licensed by the Mayor and Burgess thereof, according to the Tenor of certain Letters Patent granted by Queen Elizabeth and King James the First, for and towards the Maintenance of the Free School there: Provided nevertheless, That no Person who, from and after the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be admitted to the Freedom of the said Company of Vintners of the City of London, by Redemption only, shall be exempted from the Obligation of obtaining a Licence to retail Ale, Beer, and other Liquors, to be granted in Manner aforesaid, but that the Freemen only of the said Company, who have been already admitted to their Freedom, or who, from and after the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be admitted to their Freedom in Right of Patrimony, or Apprenticeship, shall be entitled to such Exemption.

---

CAP. LX.

An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Functions of Juries in Cases of Libel.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether on the Trial of an Indictment or Information for the making or publishing any Libel, where an Issue or Issues are joined between the King and the Defendant or Defendants, on the Plea of Not Guilty pleaded, it be competent to the Jury impanelled to try the same to give their Verdict upon the whole Matter in Issue: Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King*s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[On the Trial of an Indictment for a Libel, the Jury may give a general Verdict upon the whole Matter put in Issue, and shall not be required by the Court to find the Defendant guilty merely on Proof of the Publication, and of the Sense ascribed to it in the Information.]

That, on every such Trial, the Jury sworn to try the Issue may give a general Verdict of Guilty or Not Guilty upon the whole Matter put in Issue upon such Indictment or Information; and shall not be required or directed, by the Court or judge before whom such Indictment or Information shall be tried, to find the Defendant or Defendants Guilty, merely on the Proof of the Publication by such Defendant or Defendants of the Paper charged to be a Libel, and of the Sense ascribed to the same in such Indictment or Information.

[But the court shall give their opinion and directions on the matter in issue as in other criminal cases.]

II. Provided always, That, on every such Trial, the Court or Judge before whom such Indictment or Information shall be tried, shall, according to their or his Discretion, give their or his Opinion and Directions to the Jury on the Matter in Issue between the King and the Defendant or Defendants, in like Manner as in other Criminal cases.

[Jury may find a Special Verdict.]

III. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the Jury from finding a Special Verdict, in their Discretion, as in other Criminal cases.

[Defendants may move in Arrest of Judgement as before passing this Act.]

IV. Provided also, That in case the Jury shall find the Defendant or Defendants Guilty, it shall and may be lawful for the said Defendant or Defendants to move an Arrest of Judgement, on such Ground and in such Manner as determined by Law he or they might have done before the passing of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXI.

An Act to indemnify Persons, being Proprietors, Printers, and Editors of Newspapers and other Publications, from certain Penalties incurred under several Acts therein mentioned, relative to Lotteries.

"8 Geo. 1. c. 2. — 12 Geo. 2. c. 28. - 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. — and 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. recited. Printers, S&c. indemnified against Actions for Penalties incurred before July 2, 1792."

CAP. LXII.

An Act for removing the Stand of Hackney Coaches out of New Bond Street and Old Bond, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Westminster.

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 63. 265

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for granting Relief to Pastors, Ministers, and Lay Persons of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS by several Acts of Parliament now in Force, Disabilities, Forfeitures, and Penalties, have been imposed in certain Cases upon Persons frequenting, resorting to, or officiating in certain Episcopal Chapels and Meeting Houses in Scotland: And whereas there is sufficient Reason to believe, that the Pastors, Ministers, and Laity of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland, are now well attached to his Majesty's Person, Family, and Government: And whereas it is just and reasonable that such of them as are willing in a proper Manner to manifest such Attachment, should receive Relief with respect

to certain Disabilities, forfeitures, and Penalties, in the said Acts mentioned:* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to prevent the disturbing those of the Episcopal So muc* of ?0 Communion, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the Exercise of their Religious Worship, and in Ann*, c. 7, the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of England; and for repealing the Atl passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act against irregular Baptfms and Marriages and also, so much of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Regin of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making more effectual the of 5 Geo i. Laws appointing the Oaths for Security of the Government to be taken by Ministers, and Preachers in Churches 29. and Meeting Houses in Scotland; and also, so much of an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act more effectually to prohibit and prevent Pastors or of 19 Geo. Ministers from officiating in Episcopal Meeting Houses in Scotland, without duly qualifying themselves accord- c. 38. and ing to Law; and to punish Persons for resorting to any Aleeting Houses where such unqualified Pajiors or Ministers shall officiate; and also, so much of an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and enforce so much of an Act made in the nine- of 21 Geo. 2. teenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more effiedlual dfarming the Highlands in Scotland, and c. 34* as relate refraining the TJfe of the Highland Dress, and to Masters and Teachers of private Schoo 's, and Chaplains, to i®Pofinfc pe-and to explain a Clause in another Act made in the same Year relating to Letters of Orders of Epfcopal Minify p^ns rtfort" ters in Scotland, and to oblige Persons allowed to carry Arms, and the Directors of the Jp there, and certain to Episcopa?^2 Persons belonging to or practising in the Courts of Session and Justiciary, to take the Oaths, and to repealfome Chapels in Scot-Clauses in an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, whereby cer- or tain Encouragements are given to Landlords and Tenants in Scotland who should continue in their Duty and aling ^ereia. Loyalty to his said late Majesty, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relate to the importing any Penal- repea c # ties, Forfeitures, or Disabilities on any Person or Persons for or on Account of his or their frequenting or resorting to any Episcopal Chapel or Meeting House in Scotland, or any Person or Persons for or on Account of his or their officiating at any such Chapel or Meeting House, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall exercise Minrflcrsof the Fundion of a Pallor or Minister in any Episcopal Chapel, Meeting House, or Congregation in Scotland, Epifcrpj| cha-shall, within six Months, to be reckoned from and after the first Day of July in this present Y'ear of our Lord Pe.Is K* one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or at some other Time previous to his exercising the said Func- J1to tion, take and subscribe the Oaths of Allegiance, Abjuration, and Assurance, in such Manner as all Officers, of Allege* Civil and Military, in Scotland, are now by Law obliged to take and subscribe the same, and shall also sub- Arc.an/fubfV/ibc feribe, at the same Time and Place, a Dclaration of his Assent to the thirty-nine Articles of the Church of the following England, as contained in the Ad passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, in the

Words following; videlicet:

I A.B. Pajlor of a Congregation of Persons in the Epfcopal Communion in Scotland, meeting for Divine Declaration 4 A Worship, at % § in the County of do willingly and ex animo

subscribe to the Book of Articles of Religion agreed upon by the Archbishops and Bishops of both Provinces of the Realm of England, and the whole Clergy thereof, in the Convocation holden at London in the Year of our Lord one thousand five hundred and sixty-two; and I do acknowledge all and every the Articles therein contained, being in Number Thirty-nine, besides the Ratification, to be agreeable to the Word of God7

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who now does aB(J prodl/Ce

or shall hereafter exercise the Fundion of aPaftor or Minister of any Episcopal Chapel or Meeting House in the clerk of the Scotland, shall, and he is hereby required, within six Months, to be reckoned from and after the first Day of Shiie, &c. a July in this present Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or at some Time before his exercising Ceri.ificae of Ha the said Fundion, to produce to the Clerk of the Shire, Stewartry, or Borough, where his Meeting House is jP""6 so situated, a Certificate from the proper Officer of his having qualified himself, by taking and subscribing the e # said Oaths, and a Certificate from such Officer of his having subscribed to the said Articles above mentioned; of which respective Certificates the Clerk shall forthwith make an Entry in the Book appointed for keeping a Clerk to make Lift or Register of the Meeting Houses within that Jurisdiction, which Entry shall express the Name of the an Entry of Geo. Minister whom the said Certificates concern, and the Situation and Description of the Meeting House where ard

M m 2 he fcfld Up,e3t0

Meeting House, and the other within.

quij'ified.

Micifterr to pray for the Royal Family*

266 C. 63. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

the Clerk of he officiates, or shall officiate, as Minister or Pastor; Copies of which Entries shall likewise be transmitted by each House of the Clerk to the Clerk of each House of Parliament, to be laid before the said Houses respectively at their parliament, a. c. next A\dceting: And the faii Clerk of such Shire, Stewartry, or Borough, shall likewise deliver two attested affix don\hebC P*CS each of the Certificates to such Pallor or Minister, one Copy of each of such Certificates to

Omfid^o/the b" by on l^e Outside of the Meeting House where he officiates, or shall officiate, on or near the

Door thereof, and the other in some conspicuous Place within such Meeting House; for each and every of which last mentioned Copies, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling shall be paid, and no more.

Penalty on Mi-

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Pad or or Minister, at any rirtcrscfficia.ing Time after six Months, to be reckoned from and after the said first Day of July, shall officiate as a Pastor or whhout haTing Minister in any such Episcopal Chapel or Meeting House, without having taken and subscribed the Oaths and Articles aforesaid, and produced Certificates thereof, according to the Directions of this Act, every such Minister or Pastor lo offending in any of the Premises, shall, for the first Offence, being lawfully convicted thereof, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling, one Moiety thereof to the Informer, the other to be disposed of for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence Ishall be committed; and for the second Offence, shall be, on lawful Conviction thereof, declared incapable of officiating as Pastor or Minister of any such Episcopal Chapel or Meeting House as aforesaid, during the Space of three Years.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Tut h Pastor or Minister as aforesaid, who shall at any Time after six Months, to be n ciconed from and after the said first Day of July^ officiate in any Episco-pal Chapel or Meeting House as aforesaid, shall, as often as he shall so officiate, at some Time during the Exercise of Divine Service, in such Episcopal Meeting House, or Congregation, pray for the King's most Excellent Majesty by Name, for his Majesty's Heirs or Successors, and for all the Royal Family, in the same Form of Words as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the Royal Family, are or shall be directed. by lawful Authority, to be prayed for in the Prayers for the Royal Family contained in the Liturgy of the Church of England.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall, at any Time after six Months, to be reckoned from and after the said first Day of July, officiate as a Pastor or Minister in any such Episcopal Chapel or Meeting House, as aforesaid, and shall not as often as he shall so officiate, at some Time during Divine Service, pray for his Majesty by Name, for his Majesty's Heirs or Successors, and for all the Royal Family, in the Manner herein-before directed, every Person so offending in any of the Premises, shall, for the first Offence, being lawfully convicted thereof, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling, robe distributed in such Manner as touching the other Penalties in this Av5t is herein-before directed; and for the second Offence shall, upon lawful Conviction thereof, be declared incapable of officiating as Pastor or Minister of any such Episcopal £hapel or Meeting House as aforesaid, during the Space of three Years.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Pastor or Minister of any Episcopal Chapel or Meeting House in Scotland shall offend in any of the Premises herein-before mentioned, such Pastor or Minister io offending shall be incapable of voting in any Election of a Member of Parliament for any Shire or Borough in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or of voting in the Election of aMagistrate or Counsellor for Boro jghs, or of a Deacon of Crafts within Burgh, or of a Collector or Clerk of the Land Tax or Supply.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Assembly of Persons for Religious Worship in any such Episcopal Chapel or Meeting House as aforesaid, shall be held with Doors not locked, barred, bolted, or otherwise fattened during such Assembly.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person exercising the Function, or assuming the Office and Character of a Pastor, or Minister of any Order, in the Episcopal Communion in Scotland as aforesaid, shall be capable of taking any Benefice, Curacy, or other spiritual Promotion, within that Part of Great Britain called England^ the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or of officiating in any Church or Chapel within the fine, where the Liturgy of the Church of England, as row by Law established, is used, unless he shall have been lawfully ordained by some Bishop of the Church of England, or of Ireland.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, at any Time after six Months, to be reckoned from and after the said first Day of July, shall be present twice in the same Year at Divine Service in any Episcopal Chapel or Meeting House in Scotland^ whereof the Pastor or Mi-

P«nal*y for not ib doing.

MJnlAen offending against thin Att, incapable of vdhg for a Member of Parliament in Scotland, See

AOembliej for Religious Worth ip to be held with Doon un* fastened. Minister of the ppifcot.al Commonion in Scotland incapable of taking a:iy Benefice in England, unlefa ordained by a Bishop.

Penalty on Persons prtfern at Divine Service

prayed for*

Profecotton* for Offences to be com ne need within twelve Month*.

No Peer of Scotland capable of heins elected one

the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person who shall give Information of the said Offence, and shall suffer Imprisonment for the Space of six Months, unless or until the same be paid, and for the second or any subsequent Offence shall, on lawful Conviction thereof, suffer Imprisonment for the Space of two Years from the Date of such Conviction*

XI. Provided always, That every Prosecution for any Offence committed against this Act shall be commenced within the Space of twelve Months after such Offence committed, and not afterwards*.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Peer ot Scotland shall be capable of being elected one of the sixteen Peers, to fit and vote in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, or of voting in the Election of any of thpTaid sixteen Peers, who shall at any Time after six Months,

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 63 - 65.

to be reckoned from and after the said first Day of July, be present twice in the same Year at Divine Service in any Episcopal Chapel or Meeting'House as aforesaid, whereof the Pastor or Minister shall not pray, in express Words, for his Majesty by Name, for his Majesty's Heirs or Successors, and for all the Royal Family, in Manner herein-before directed; and it shall be competent for any Peer of Scotland present at the Election of the said sixteen Peers, or of any of them, to make this Objection, and to prove the same by a Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by referring it to the Oath of the Peer so objected to, which Oath the Lord Clerk Register, or either of the two Clerks of Session appointed by him to officiate in his Name, at such Election of sixteen Peers, or of any of them, is hereby impowered to administer; and in case the same shall be proved, or the Peer so objected to shall admit the Fact or refuse to depote concerning it, he shall be and is hereby disqualified from and rendered incapable of voting or being chosen at any such Election as aforesaid; but such Admission or Confession upon Oath or otherwise so made at such Meeting assembled for any such Election, shall not be made use of or given in Evidence against any such-Peer, upon any Prosecution for any Penalty inflicted by this or any former Act of Parliament.

prove the same as he.ein mentioned* Confession of any Peer not to be made use of upon Profeci

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of being elected, or of voting in any Election of a Member of Parliament for any Shire or Borough in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or of being elected or voting in the Election of a Magistrate or Counsellor for Boroughs, or of Deacon of Crafts within Burgh, or of a Collector or Clerk of the Land 'Fax or Supply, who shall at any Time after six Months, to be reckoned from and after the first Day of July aforesaid, be present twice in the same Year, at Divine Service, in any Episcopal Church pr Meeting House as aforesaid, whereof the Pastor or Minister shall not pray, in express Words, for his Majesty by Name, for his Majesty's Heirs or Successors, and for all the Royal Family, in Manner herein-before directed; and it shall be competent for any Candidate or Member of the Meeting assembled for any such Election to make this Objection, and to prove the same by a Witness or Witness, upon Oath, or by referring it to the Oath of the Person objected to, which Oath the Prefes or Clerk of such Meeting is hereby impowered to administer; and in case the same shall be proved, or the Person so objected to mall admit the Fast, or refuse to depose concerning it, he shall be and is hereby disqualified from and rendered incap'able of voting or being chosen at any such Election as aforesaid; but such Admission or Confession upon Oath or otherwise so made at such Meeting assembled for any such Election, shall not be made use of, or given in Evidence against any such Person upon any Prosecution for any Penalty inflicted by this or any former Act of Parliament. -

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and odflBj Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for repairing, altering, and improving the Parish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bridey in the City of London; and for providing a Workhouse for the same Parish.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to extend and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas* 4

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas,

the Oath therein preferred is required to be taken by every Person upon his Admission to his Freedom in the Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called The Turkey Company> either before the Governor or Deputy Governor of the said Company, or before two Justices of the Peace: And whereas divers British Subjects resident in Foreign Parts have desired, and do and are likely to desire Admission into the said Company; but, by reason of such their Residence in Foreign Parts, have been, and are prevented from qualifying themselves in the Manner prescribed by the said Act:' For Remedy thereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty,* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called The Turkey Company, or the major Part present at any General Court of the said Company, to appoint, under the Seal of the said Company, any Person or Persons resident in Foreigq Parts to administer the Oath prescribed by the above-mentioned Act of the twenty:sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, to all and every British Subjects and Subject resident in Foreign Parts, desiring Admission into the said Company; all which Persons, and eachapd every of them so appointed by the said Company, shall be, and are and is hereby authorised and required to administer the said Oath accordingly, and to certify, und^r the Hand and Seal of each*. o^ny.ope or more of them respectively* that the said Oath was taken by on the

267

of the 16 Peers,

or of, voting in the Election of them, who shall be present twice in one Year in any Episcopal Chapel where the Royal Family is not prayed for.

Any Peer pre* frnc at such Election may make the Ob-jcftinn, and ition for Penalty,

No Person capable of being elected, or of v in ihe Election of a Member of Parliament, Src. in Scotland, who shall be present twice in one Year at Divine Service where the Royal Family shall not be prayed for, and every Candidate, &c. may pmve the Objection in Manner herein mentioned, &c.

[Publick Act.]

[Preamble.]

26 Geo. 2. c, i8* recited.

The Turkey Company may appoint Persons to adrninifier the Oa:h prescribed by the recited Act, to British Si.bjefts resident in Foreign Parts, who, after taking the same, may be admitted into the Company.

268 C. 65 - 67. Anno trkefimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

Treasurer of the Company may supply the Place of the Governor and Depury Governor at Courts, &cc.

before him or them; and every British; Subject resident in Foreign Parts desiring Admission into the said Company, and having taken the said Oath, and such Oath being certified as aforesaid, shall, upon Rccmcft for that Purpose made by himself, or any other Person in his Behalf, to the Governor or Deputy Governor of the said Company, for the Time being, be admitted into the said Company, within the Space of thirty Days after such Request shall be made; and shall have, use, and enjoy all the Liberties, Privileges, Jurisdictions, Franchises, Powers, and Authorities granted to the said Company by any Letters Patent, or Act of Parliament, as fully as any other Member of the said Company can have or enjoy the same, having taken the Oath prescribed in and by the said Act; such British Subject, upon such Admission, paying or tendering, or causing to be paid or tendered, for such his Admission, for the Use of the said Company, the Sum of twenty Pounds, and no more; any Thing in any Letters Patent to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas the Annual or other Meeting of the said Company for the Election of Officers, and ' 4 the General and other Courts of the said Company for making Bye-laws and other Purposes, are now re- quired to be holden by or in the Presence of the Governor or Deputy Governor of the said Company for the Time being, or one of them: And whereas it may be impossible or inconvenient for either the Governor, or the Deputy Governor, of the said Company for the Time being, to be present at all and fin- gular the Meetings and Courts of the said Company For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer of the said Company for the Time being to supply the Place of the Governor and Deputy Governor of the find Company, and of each of them, in their Absence, as well at the Annual or other Meeting of the said Company, for the Election of Officers, as at the General and other Courts of the said Company for making Bye-laws, and all other Purposes whatsoever, and at every or any such Meeting or Court, fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that all Elections and all other Acts had, done, and made, and the affixing or ordering to be affixed the Seal of the said Company to all and every such Act and Acts by the Treasurer, in the Absence of the Governor and Deputy Governor of the said Company for the Time being, and by the said Company or the major Part of them present at any such Meeting or Court, shall be, and is and are hereby made and declared valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Thing in any Letters Patent, or in the said recited Act of Parliament, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for providing an additional Burying Ground for the Use of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex \ and for shutting up the present Foot Path leading through the Church Yard, and making a commodious one in lieu thereof.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for extending certain Acts therein mentioned to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of his Majesty's Ships, and residing in Ireland.

[Preamble.]

31 Geo. a.c. 10.

3 Geo. 3. c. 16.

a6 Geo. 3. c. 63.

31 Geo. 3. c. 33. and

32 Geo. 3. c. 34. recited*

WHEREAS an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy; and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages; and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Families; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments: And also another Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, after defraying the necessary Extences thereof to provide for such Seamen zoom out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital; and to enable them to receive such Pensions as shall be granted the?n by the said Commissioners or Governor s in the most ccfy and convenient Manner; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the same:

And also another Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on Board any of his Majestfs Ships: And also another Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the thirty ffrjl Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy; and for ejla~ 44 biffing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages; and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the Jame for the Support of their I Fives and Families; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of his Majesty's Ships: And also another Act passed in the said thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on Board any of his Majestfs Shipsand for further extending the Benefits

1 4 thereof

269

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 67.

c thereof to Petty Officers and Seatncny Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, Serving, or who may have served, on Board any of his Majesty's Ships: And whereas it is just, and would be it further Encouragement to Seamen and Marines, that the Provisions in the said Acts should be extended towards enabling them and their Representatives to recover Payment of their Wages, and other Allowances in the Kingdom of Ireland :y Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That when and so often as any Ship or Vessel belonging to his Majesty which shall not be in any Port of Great Britain, or on the Coast thereof, shall have twelve Calendar Months Wages or Pay due, the Captain or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall read over, or cause to be read over, in a distinct audible Manner, the Names of all the Inferior Officers and Seamen, and Non-commissioned Officers and Marines, and Marines, belonging to such Ship or Vessel, and shall cause every such Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, and Marine, to answer to his Name, and shall do the same from Time to Time at the End of every six Calendar Months as long as such Ship or Vessel shall have twelve Calendar Months or more Wages or Pay due as aforesaid; and if any such Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall thereupon declare by Word of Mouth, or deliver in Writing the Name and Place of Abode, of his Wife, Father or Mother, Grandfather, Grandmother, Brother or Sister, and desire that the Whole or any Part of his Wages or Pay then due, except the Wages or Pay that shall be due for thelaft six Calendar Months of his Service on Board such Ship or Vessel (provided the last six Months Wages is sufficient to defray the Charges against him) should be allotted and paid to his said Wife, Father or Mother, Grandfather, Grandmother, Brother or Sister, by any Collector or Revenue Officer in Ireland*, then and in such Case the Captain or Commander of such Ship or Vessel is hereby strictly required and enjoined to cause four Lifts to be made out, which shall contain the Names of all such Inferior Officers, Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, as shall be desirous to remit to their Wives, Fathers or Mothers, Grandfathers, Grandmothers, Brothers or Sifters, the Whole or any Part of their Wages or Pay, except for the last six Calendar Months of their Service as aforesaid; in which Lifts the Amount of the Wages or Pay so desired to be paid, the Name and Place of Abode of the Wife, Father or Mother, Grandfather, Grandmother, Brother or Sister, of such Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, to whom such Wages or Pay are to be remitted and paid, and the District or Address of the Collector or Revenue Officer by whom such Wages are to be made payable in Ireland, shall be specified and described in three separate distinct Columns opposite to the Name of such Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, in the said Lifts, and every such Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, who shall so desire that any such Part of his Wages or Pay may be allotted and paid to his Wife, Father or Mother, Grandfather, Grandmother, Brother or Sister, shall write his Name or make his Mark in a separate distinct Column in the said Lift, which Lift shall be forthiyith completed and signed by the Captain or Commander, and proper signing Officers of such Ship or Vessel, and such Captain or Commander shall transmit the said Lifts by the first safe Opportunity, without any Neglect or Delay whatsoever, to the Commissioners of the Navy at their Board.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of the Navy, or any three of them, upon receiving such Lifts as aforesaid, wherein any such Allotment shall be made by any such Inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, of any such Part of his Wages or Pay to his Wife, Father or Mother, Grandfather, Grandmother, Brother or Sister, shall immediately, and they are hereby directed and required to make out, or cause to be made out, two Certificates for every such Allotment, which Certificates shall be Duplicates, and joined together with oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think proper, and which shall foecify and describe the Name and Place of Abode of the said Wife, Father or Mother, Grandfather, Grandmother, Brother or Sister, and shall certify that such Wife, Father or Mother, Grandfather, Grandmother, Brother or Sister, respectively, is intitled to receive so much of the Wages or Pay of such Inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, as shall be therein also specified, and shall be addressed to the Commissioners of the Revenue of Ireland; and the Certificates, being numbered and dated, shall be signed by any three of the Commissioners of Navy, and be written or printed according to the Form following, or to the like Effect;

4 No

When VefTcIf, not in any Port of Great Britaitt or ihc Coast thereof, shall have twelve MontbsPay due, the Captains to cause the Names of the Inferior Officers, See, to be read over, and to transmit Lists of such as shall allot their Waget to be paid to Relations in Ireland, to the Navy Board*

Commissioners of the Navy, upon receiving Lifts, to make out Duplicate Certificates for such Allotments in the following Form:

270

C. 67.

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III.

N°

'UU'E certify that B. D. of in the County of

Navy Office, the

A.D. 1792.

Day of

f Wife, Father, Another,! f Inferior Officer or Seaman, 1

Grandfather, Grandmo- V of E. D 4 Non-commissioned Officer of

ether. Brother, or Sifter, J L Marines, or Marine, — )

belonging to his Majesty's Ship is intitled to the

Suin of Sterling, being on

Account of the Wages of the said E. D. who has desired that the same may be paid by the

c If the same shall not be demanded in nine Calendar Months, this Certificate to be returned to the Trealhrcr of the Navy, London. 1

c To the Commissioners of the Revenue in

Ireland.

d.

c o. p. 7

Signed < J9. 7?. > Commissioners of the Navy. I S. T.

By virtue of the Act of the

George the Third.

N.B. The personating or falftly assuming the Name and Character of the Wife or Relation of any Inferior Officer, Seaman, Non commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or pro- curing any other to do the same, in order to receive Wages due to such Officer, Seaman, Non- commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, is made Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by an A£X palfed in Ireland, thirty George the Third.

€ THE Officer to whom the within Bill is addressed is directed by Act passed in Ireland, thirty c George the Third, Cap. to examine the Duplicate thereof when presented, and enquire into the Truth,

by the Oath of the Person presenting the same; and, being satisfied, he is to testify to that Purpose upon the Back of the Bill, and pay the Amount without Fee or Reward; but if he shall not.be able to pay the

Amount, from not having Publick Money fnflicient in his Hands, he shall nbte the Cause of his refilling

Payment, and shall appoint another Day, within one Month at furthest from that Time, and shall deliver back the Bill, so noted, to the Person presenting it. And if, upon Complaint to the Commissioners* it shall appear that the Officer to whom this is addressed has unnecessarily delayed Payment, taken any Fee, or made € any Deduction whatsoever, he shall be fined a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds/

Ohe of the Certificates to be fransmitted to the Person no-fninatfd in the^ Lift, and the O'her to the Commissioners of the Revenue In Ireland.

For Wages when payable, Inferior Officers, See de firous of remit* ting them to Ireland, may re* ceive Certificates addressed to the Commissioners of the Revenue, and made oot io the following Form i

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as the aforesaid Certificates shall be so made out and signed, the said Commissioners of the Navy shall cause the same to be cut asunder, indentwise, through the oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, and shall cause one of the said Certificates to be transmitted forthwith to die Person nominated and specified in such Lifts as the Wife, Father or Mother,' Grandfather, Grandmother, Brother or Sister, of such Inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, and the other of the said Certificates to be transmitted forthwith to the said Coimtiissioners of the Revenue in Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Wages or Pay due to any Inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall be paid at the Pay Office of the Navy, or at any of the Out-ports, if any such Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall be desirous to remit the Amount, or any Part of such Wages or Pay, to their Wives, Children, or Parents, in Ireland, or to such other Person in Ireland as they shall judge proper, and shall desire to receive a Certificate to entitle them to receive the same, to be addressed to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, then and in such Case, two Certificates, being Duplicates of each other, and joined together with oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, shall be immediately made out, numbered, and dated by the Clerk of the Treasurer of the N^vy appointed to pay such Wages or Pay, and be signed, if made out at the Pay Office of the Navy in London, by the Commissioner of the Navy comptrolling the Payment when such Certificates shall be so made out, or if made out at any of the Out-ports, by the Commissioner of the Navy comptrolling such Payment there, and be attested at the Foot thereof by the first Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy at such Pay Office or Out-port, and such Certificates shall specify and describe the Name and Place of Abode of such Person or Persons in whose Favour they shall have been made out as aforesaid, and shall certify that such Person or Persons is or are intitled to receive the whole Amount, or so much of the Wages or Pay of such Inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, as shall be therein also specified, and shall be addressed to

14 the

271

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 67.

the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland\ and written or printed according to the Form following, or to the like Effect:

N*

Day of

'THESE are to certify that B. D. of. is intitled

to the Sum of Sterling, being on Account of the

Wages of E. D. belonging to his Majesty's Ship who has desired that the lame may be paid by the

s-\ d.

If the same shall not be demanded in nine Calendar Months, this Certificate to be returned to the Treasurer of the Navy, London.

To the Commissioners of the Revenue in

Ireland.

Signed O. P. Commissioner of the Navy.

Attested H. /. Clerk to the Treasurer of the Navy.

By virtue of the Act of 4 George the Third.

Ar. Z?. The personating or falsely assuming the Name and Character of any Person entitled to receive Wages of any Inferior OlTicer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or procuring any other to do the same, in order to receive Wages due to such Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, is made Felony, -without Be- nefit of Clergy, by an Act passed in Ireland\ George the Third.

THE Officer to whom the within Bill is addressed is dlrefled by Act passed in Ireland\ thirty

George the Third, Cap., to examine the Duplicate thereof when presented, and enquire into the Truth, by the Oath of the Person presenting the same; and, being satisfied, he is to testify to that Purpose upon the Back of the Bill, and pay the Amount without Fee or Reward; but if he shall not *be able to pay the c Amount, from not having Publick Money sufficient in his Hands, lie shall note the Cause of his refusing Payment, and shall appoint another Day, within one Month at furthest from that Time, and shall deliver back the Bill, so noted, to the Person presenting it. And if, upon Complaint to the Commissioners, it shall appear that the Officer to whom this is addressed has unnecessarily delayed Payment, taken any Fee, or made € any Deduction whatsoever, he shall be fined a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds/

And so soon as the said Certificates shall be made out and attested as aforesaid, the said Commissioner of the Navy shall cause them to be cut asunder indentwise, through the oblique Lines, Flourffhes, or Devices, and shall cause one Duplicate of the said Certificates to be delivered to such Inferior Officer, Seaman, Npn-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, requiring the same, and the other Duplicate of such Certificate, to be forthwith transmitted to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland.

One of such Cera tificate* to be delivered tn the Person requiring it, and the other to be transmit* ted to the Commissionen of the Revftiue in Ireland.

V. And the more effectually to enable Seamen residing in Ireland to receive such Out-pensions as shall be granted to them by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the most easy and convenient Manner and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the same/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the Time being, and he is hereby authorised and required, as often as there shall be Occasion, to make out, or cause to be made out, two Certificates for every such Out-pension granted by the said Commissioners or Governors to Seamen refidine in Ireland, which Certificates shall be Duplicates, and joined together with oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, in such Manner as the said Treasurer shall think proper, and which shall be addressed to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, and the said Certificate, being numbered and dated, shall be signed by the said Treasurer or his first Clerk, and attested by the Steward or Clerk of the Check of the said Hospital, and addressed to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, and be written or printed according to the following Form, or to the like Lileft:

The Treasurer of G>een»ic!« Hospital to make out Certificates of the Out pen* fion*of Seamen residing in Ireland, in the fol* lowing Form \

i* Geo. III.

N n

N*

272

One of such Certificates to be transmitted to the Out-pen* fioner, and the other to the Commissioners of the Revenue i:t Ireland.

When the Revenue Officer* in Ireland are suthnnfeJ to grant Receiptflo discharged Petty Officert, &c. for Foreign Remove Ticket*, &c. and flsall transmit the famr with the Decef-iat y Document?, the Commissioners of ;ht Navy to cause Remittance Certificates to be made out for the Balance, dec.

Anno tricesimo feenndo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

N° Royal Hospital, Greenwich.

Day of

in the County of being an Out-pensioner of Greenwich Hospital, is intitled to the Sum of Sterling, and that he has desired

the same to be paid by the

T Certify that B. D. of

c 1

S.

d.

To the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland

Signed A.B. Treasurer of the Royal Hospital, or his First Clerk.

Attested C.D. Steward or Clerk of the Check of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich.

By virtue of the Act of 4 George the Third.

N.B. This Certificate, if Payment in consequence thereof be not demanded in nine Calendar Adonths from the Date hereof, to be returned to the Treasurer of Gree?iwich Hospital.—The personating or falsely affirming the Name and Character of any Out-pensioner of- Greenwich Hospital, in order fraudulently to receive the Pension due to such Pensioner, is made Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by an Act passed in Ireland, thirty of George the Third.

THE Officer to whom the within Bill is addressed is directed by an Act passed in Ireland, thirty

George the Third, Cap., to examine the Duplicate thereof when presented, and enquire into the Truth,

by the Oath of the Person presenting the same; and, being satisfied, he is to testify to that Purpose upon the € Back of the Bill, and pay the Amount without Fee or Reward; but if he shall not be able to pay the

Amount, from not having Publick Money sufficient in his Hands, he shall note the Cause of his refuting Payment, and shall appoint another Day, within one Month at furthest: from that Time, and shall deliver

back the Bill, so noted, to the Person presenting it. And if, upon Complaint to the Commissioners, it shall appear that the Officer to whom this is addressed has unnecessarily delayed Payment, taken any Fee, or made any Deduction whatsoever, he shall be fined a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.'

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as the aforesaid Certificate shall be made out, and signed, and attested, the said Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital shall cause the same to be cut asunder indentwise through the oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, and shall cause one Duplicate of the same to be transmitted forthwith to the Person nominated and specified therein, and the other Duplicate to be transmitted forthwith to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, to whom such Certificate shall be so addressed as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as an Act shall be passed by the Legislature of the Kingdom of Ireland, authorizing and directing the Revenue Officers in that Country to receive and grant Acknowledgments and Receipts to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, who shall have been discharged from his Majesty's Service as disabled or unserviceable for such Foreign-remove Tickets, Hospital Certificates of Discharge, or Passage Certificates as shall be delivered into their Hands, in order to transmit the same to the Commissioners of the Navy ill London, in the Manner which the Revenue in Great Britain are directed to transmit such Tickets and Certificates, by the Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty herein-before recited; and when by such Authority such Revenue Officers in Ireland shall transmit the same, with the Ad-drefsof such Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, as shall deliver the same into his Hand, together with a Certificate granted to him by the Master of the Vessel in which he shall have arrived, or by forne reputable Inhabitant of the Place where such Revenue Officer resides, and who shall be known to him, letting forth that he knows such Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, and believes him to be the Party intitled to hold the Tickets and Certificates which he shall so deliver, then, and in that Case, when and so often as the said Commissioners of the Navy shall receive such Tickets and Certificates, they shall cause the Day upon which they receive the same to be indorsed thereon, and direct them to be examined by the Muster Books, if received; and shall make or cause to be made out, within three Days, a Remittance Certificate for the Net Balance due upon such Tickets and fiuh Certificates, or upon the Ships Books for which such Ticket or Tickets shall have been made out, in case the Ship or Ships shall have been paid for the Time, and which Remittance Certificates they are hereby directed and required to make out, assign, attest, forward, and transmit, in the Manner herein-before directed in Cases of Certificates made out upon Allotments transmittted to them on Account of Petty or Inferior Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, remitting Part of their Wages to Ireland, and shall certify the Wages to be due and payable only to the said Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Maiines, or Marine, upon whose Account such Remittance Certificate shall have been made; and shall also specify and describe the Revenue Officer who shall have transmittid the aforesaid Tickets and Certificates to the said Commissioners of the Navy, and which Remittance Certificates shall be made out in the Form herein-bdore directed in Cases of Parties

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 67.

desiring their Wages to be remitted to Ireland from Abroad, or to the like EffeiSt, and addressed to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Duplicate or Duplicates of any Ticket or Tickets, or the Mlufter Books or Pay Books for any Ship or Velfd shall not be regularly transmittea to and received by the Commissioners of the Navy, in the Manner preferred by the A6\s of the thirty-first of George the Second, and thirty-second of his present Majesty, hereinbefore recited, yet the Certificate or Certificates, to be made out and addressed to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, in favour of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioncci Officer of Marines, cr Marine, shall not be delayed or postponed for such Omission; but if any Error, to the Detriment of the Publick Treasure, shall be made in any Ticket by the Captain or Commanding Officer issuing cr making out the same, the Loss arising by such Error shall be made, good and compensated out of any Wages or Pay due, or to grow due, to such Captain or Commanding Officer by whom such 'Picket was so made cut or granted as aforesaid.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money shall be justly due and become payable by the Treasurer of the Navy to any Person residing in Ireland producing proper Authority to receive the same as Executor, Administrator, Widow, next of Kin, Creditor, or Person named as Executor, as the Case may be, to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, then and in that Case the Deputy Pav-master of the Navy or Treasurer's Clerk by whom such Sum or Sums shall become payable, shall make out or cause to be made out a Remittance Certificate or Certificates for the same, and which Certificate shall be signed, attested, forwarded, and transmitted, in the Form and Manner herein-before directed in Cases of Parties desiring their Wages to be remitted to Ireland at the Pay of a Ship, and which Certificates shall certify such Sum or Sums for which they shall be so drawn as being due and payable only to the Executor, Administrator, Widow, next of Kin, Creditor, or Person named as Executor, as the Case may be, who shall be named in the same and intitled thereto, and shall also specify and describe the Name and Place of Abode of such Person or Persons so certified to be intitled to such Wages or Pay of such Inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, as shall be therein also specified; and such Certificates shall be addressed to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, and written or printed according to the Form herein-before specified, wherein Remittance is made to Ireland at the Pay of a Ship.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as an Act shall be passed by the Legifla-ture of the Kingdom of Ireland, making Provision for Payment in that Country of Certificates issued by the Commissioners of his Majestry's Navy in favour of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or in the favour of the Wife, Father or Mother, Grandfather, Grandmother, Brother or Sister of any Inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, belonging to any of his Majesty's Ships, or in favour of any other Person for receiving any Money on Account of the Wages or Pay of any such Inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, and addressed to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, and for the Payment in that Country of any Certificates ifihcd by the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich on Account of any Out-pensioner olJGreenwich Hospital, and addressed to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, and the Sum specified in such respective Certificates shall have actually been paid by, or by the Direction of, the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, to the Persons intitled to receive the same, such Sums shall be immediately repaid by the Treasurer of the Navy, who is hereby directed and required to pay the same to the said Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, or to their Order, upon the Certificate on which the Acknowledgment of the Receipt of such Money shall be indorsed, together with the Duplicate thereof, being produced to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, if the said Certificates have been issued by the Commissioners of the Navy, or any of them, or to the Treasurer of the Navy, if the Certificates have been issued by the Treasurer o{'Greenwich Hospital, or his First Clerk; but in case the Duplicates of such Certificates, issued respectively by the Commissioners of the Navy, or any of them, or by the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his First Clerk, addressed to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, shall not be produced and delivered to the Collector or Revenue Officer to whom it shall have been addressed in Ireland, and the Payment thereof be demanded within nine Calendar Months from the Date thereof, then, upon such Certificates being returned by the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, to the Commissioners of the Navy, or to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, by whom such Certificates may have been issued respectively, they shall cause such Certificates to be immediately cancelled, and from and after the cancelling thereof, the Sum or Sums contained in such Certificate or Certitica es shall accrue and belong to such Inferior Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or Pensioner of Greenwich Hospital, for whose Wages, Pay, Pension, or Allowance, the same was respectively made our, or to his Attorney or Attornies, or to his lawful Representatives in case he shall be dead, in the same Manner as if such Certificate had never been made out and issued.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Ticket and Tickets, Duplicate and Duplicates, and Remittance Certificate and Remittance Certificates respectively herein-before directed to be made out and paid as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken as good and sufficient Vouchers for the Treasurer of the Navy, for so much Money as shall have been so directed to be paid upon all or any such Ticket, Duplicate, or Remittance Certificate respectively, and as shall have been paid by him thereon, and shall be allowed as such in passing his Accounts, and in his Accounts with the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich.

XII. And be it also enacted, That if any Person, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall faliely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be made,

273

P.ynrnt of Certificates »o: to be pv'fl pored, enough the Pu-plican sof Tuk-e*(9 or the M uf-ter iUx'ks, may not hive been regularly tr.n-milted so the Navy Office. Error in Tickets to be made good by the Persons granting the m.

Remittance Certificates to be made out for W^grs payable to Executors,

Arc. residing in Ireland, as in Cases of Parties desiring their Wages to be re. mi.led there.

Money paid in Ireland on Certificates, to be ref aid to the Commissioneri of the Revenue, by the Treasurer of the Na\y.

If Duplicates of Certificates 1 e not j reduced for Payment withii nine Months from the Date, they shall be cancelled on their being returned to England.

Tickets, &c. to be Vouchers for the Treasurer of the N jvy.

Perfansrour.ter-festirg Cer.ifi-catrs, &c. guilty offelony.

27+

Officers of the Navy, fee. to affist in granting Certificates, &c.

Pen?Ity on Clerics, &c. f?king unau-Chcrjfed Fee.,

The Admiralty to direct the Commissioners of the Navy to deliver Blank Certificates, as prescribed by 31 Geo. 3. c. 34. to Captains of the Navy, requiring ihem and the Treasurer to cause to be printed and delivered an Abstract of the R egulatif ns by Acts of Parliament respecting the Payment of the Navy, to the principal Officers of the Navy, &c. to be hung up 2nd promul-gi:ed, &c.

The Admiralty to deliver Copies of the Abstract to the Captains of Ships, who shall cause one, with the Articles of War, to be hungup in the moll publick Place of the Ship, and read Monthly to the Crew, &c. Commissioners of the Navy to enquire whether the Directions for hanging up Abstr,.t# See. have been observed, &c. Admiralty to rc-dress Com* Litus, dec*

C. 67. Anno triceifimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

forged, or counterfeited, or willingly act or assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting any Certificate by this Act directed to be addressed to the Revenue Officers, in, for the Payment of any

Wages, Pay, or other Allowance of Money, or any Pension or Prize Money, with Intention to defraud any Person whatsoever, or shall utter or publish as true, any Certificate by this Act directed to be addressed to the Revenue Officers in Ireland for the Payment of any Wages, Pay, or other Allowance of Money, or any Pension, with Intention to defraud any Person whatsoever, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited, every such Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted by due Couife of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and fufler Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of pti/lone thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, all Officers belonging to his Majesty's Navy, Agents of

Hospitals, Officers and Clerks in Publick Offices, Ministers of Parishes, and all other Persons whatsoever, shall affiit in granting the Certificates, attesting the Authorities, and by every Means in their Power forwarding the Execution of this and other Acts passed in the present Session of Parliament relating to the Payment of Seamen's Wages; and if any Clerk, Officer, or Servant in any Office relating to the Navy, shall directly or indirectly demand, take, or retain, or cause or procure, or knowingly and willingly permit or suffer to be demanded, taken, or retained, any Fee, Gratuity, Compensation. or valuable Consideration, (not being authorized by any Act in force so to do,) save and except one Shilling for every Search at the Navy Office, and the usual Fee at the same Office for making out and certifying Dead Cloaths Bills, of or from any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or under Pretence of the doing or performing any Matter or Thing hereby directed or authorised to be done or performed, or which shall be in Execution hereof, every such Clerk, Officer, or Servant, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who will sue for the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every such Clerk, Officer, or Servant so offending, shall, over and above the said Penalty of fifty Pounds to be recovered as aforesaid, forfeit and lose his Place, and be for ever thereafter incapable of holding any Place of Profit in any such Office.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great, shall direct

the Commissioners of the Navy to deliver sufficient Quantities of Blank Certificates of Discharge, in the Form prescribed by the aforesaid Act of the thirty-second of his present Majesty, to all Captains and Commanding Officers in his Majesty's Service, demanding the same; and the said Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great,

shall direct the Treasurer of the Navy to cause to be printed an Abstract of the Provisions and Regulations contained in this and other Acts of Parliament respecting the Payment of the Royal Navy, and to fend or deliver a competent Number of Copies thereof to the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, to the Commissioners for Sick and Hurt Seamen, to the Commissioners of Excise, and to the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland, to the Receivers General of the Land Tax, to the Registers and Deputy Registers of the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, to the Clerks of the Check of his Majesty's Dock Yards, to the Governors and Agents of Royal Hospitals, to the Commanding Officers of the several Divisions of Marines, and to the Minister of every Parish in Great Britain, who are hereby strictly directed and enjoined to hang up and affix the same in some conspicuous Part of their several Offices or Parishes, and to promulgate the lame as much as may be in their respective Departments; and the fain Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral are further directed to cause a competent Number of the Copies of the said Abstract to be delivered to the Captain or Commander of every Ship or Vessel in his Majesty's Service; and such Captain or Commander, as soon as the Ship or Vessel by him commanded shall be put into Sea Pay, shall cause one of the said printed Abstracts, together with the Articles of War, to be hung up and affixed to the mod publick Place of such Ship or Vessel, and shall cause the lame to be constantly kept up and renewed, so that they may be at all Times accessible to the Inferior Officers and Seamen on Board of such Ships or Vessels; and every such Captain or Commander shall cause such Abstracts to be audibly and distinctly read over once in every Month, in the Presence of the Officers and Seamen of such Ships or Vessels, immediately after the Articles of War are read; and the reading both of the Articles of War, and of the said Abstract, and the Days when read, shall be attested by the Captain or Commander, and the usual signing Officers of such Ship or Vessel, at the Foot of the Muller Books of such Ship or Vessel, before they are transmitted to the Commissioners of the Navy; and the said Commissioners are hereby strictly charged and directed to enquire whether the Directions hereby given for hanging up and affixing the said^ Abstract and Articles of War, and for reading of the same as aforesaid, have been duly observed by the Captain or Commander of such Ship or Vessel, and not to grant to inch Captain or Commander his General Certificate until they are fully satisfied thereof, to the End and Intent that every Seaman employed in the Royal Navy of Great Britain may at one and the same Time hear and know the Forfeitures and Punishments he is liable to for any Neg-le& or Disobedience, and likewise the Encouragements and Benefits to which he is entitled, by a due and faithful Performance of his Duty; and that upon suffering any Oppression or Injury in such Service, he. may be better enabled to lay his Complaint before the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Britain, who are hereby respectively

charged and directed, upon any Complaint being laid, strictly to enquire into the Circumstances of the same, and to grant immediate Redress therein if such Complaint shall be jiitlly founded, and to take special and constant Care that this Act and others relating to the Navy, passed in this Session of Parliament, be fully complied with, and punctually carried into Execution.

A*E>. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 67. 275

XV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of So much of act

his late Majesty, as directs Abstracts thereof to be made out* printed* hung up, and read in his Majesty's 3* Geo-2* as Ships and Vessels, shall be repealed; and it is hereby repealed accordingly, fhereoftobe"3*

made out,&c. repealed#

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Abstra&, herein-before directed, Ahftrad under

shall be in the following Words, or to the like Effect; (that is to say :) ,his Aa 10 bc in

GENERAL ABSTRACT of the Acts of Parliament now in force relating to the Payment of the Wages of Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving in the Royal Navy of Great Britain.

the following Form:

31 Geo. 2. c. 10.

3 Geo. 3. c. 16.

26 Geo. 3. c 63. 32 Geo. 3. c. 33.

1. J? VERY Volunteer who shall enter his Name with any Officer, appointed for entering Volunteers* 3*gco 3 c ot* shall be intitled to Wages from the Date of his Entry, provided he shall appear on Board his Ship c°‘3*c* 7* within fourteen Days thereafter: If his Ship shall be distant more than one hundred Miles, he shall be ai- 31 -,c02c,0, lowed twenty Days to join it* and thirty Days if the Distance exceeds two hundred Miles; he shall likewise be intitled to the usual Conduct Money* and to two Months advance Wages at the first fitting out of the Ship* which shall be paid before it proceeds to Sea; and all Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines, shall be Ditto, intitled to the like Advance of two Months Wages before the Ship of which they are on Board shall fail, in case they shall not have received the same before.

2. Monies granted or to be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Navy, shall, in the first Place, be 31 Geo. 2. c. 10, applied for the regular Payment of all Tickets, and for the regular Discharge of all Wages due, or to grow

due, in Manner following; (that is to say,) As often as any Ship which shall have been in Sea Pay twelve

Calendar Months, or more, shall be or arrive in any Port of Great Britain, or on the Coast thereof,‘the

Captain or Commander shall immediately cause five complete Pay Books to be made cut for all the Time

such Ship shall have been in Pay, except the last six Months; and shall forthwith transmit, by the first safe

Opportunity, such Books, together with three Alphabets and a Slop Book, to the Commissioners of the

Navy at their Board; and as soon as such Ship shall be or arrive in any Port of Great Britain, where there

is a Commissioner of the Navy, the said Commissioner of the Navy shall immediately solicit the necessary

Sums of Money, and cause Payment to be made of the Wages due* deducting the Advance Money, and

all Defalcations, and leaving always the Wages due for the last six Months, and for the Time employed in 3* 3.0.34*

preparing the Books, unpaid, and no more; and all the Wages due upon any Ship shall be paid as soon as 31 Geo. 2. c.io»

may be, or within two Months at farthest after the Arrival of such Ship in Port to be laid up.

3. If any Inferior Officer, Seaman, or Marine, who shall have been absent at the Payment of his Ship 31 Geo. 2. c. 10* upon Leave, upon any detached Service, from having been taken by the Enemy, or cast away, shall make Application for Payment of his Wages in Person, or through his Commander, to the Commissioners of the Navy at their Board, or to any Commissioner of the Navy at any Port of Great Britain where any

Commissioner of the Navy may be and rciide, such Commissioner or Commissioners shall cause the Ships

Bocks, or Extracts or Lifts made from the same* to be ftin to whichever of the above Places the Party

may be* and the Wages forthwith to be paid: But if his Ship shall not be paid, and he shall be left behind 3iCeo, 3.C. 33.

upon any detached Service, when it proceeds to Sea on Foreign Service, Tickets, upon Application from the Captain of the Ship on Board of which he shall be ordered to serve, shall be made out from the Muster

Books, but which shall not be payable until such Ship shall come in (Jourfc of Payment, or until he shall he

regularly discharged therefrom.—When the Pay Books are closed, Tickets shall, upon Application, be made 31 Geo. 2. c. 104

out at the Navy Office to the Inferior Officers, Seamen, and Marines, who shall not have received their Wages, and such Tickets shall be paid in Course once a Month.

4. Every Petty Officer, Seaman, or Marine, who shall be in any Way discharged from any Ship, shall 32 Geo. 3.0.34, receive from his Captain or Commander, a Certificate of his Time and Service (Blank Copies of which Cer- 32 Geo. 3,0 £7. tificates shall be issued to all Captains and Commanders, by the Commissioners of -1he Navy, when they'

shall demand the same); and no Inferior Officer, Seaman, or Marine, shall receive any Wages, nor shall such Wages be paid to his Order, or to his Power of Attorney, or to his Heirs or Executors* unless such Certificate be produced, or unless he shall be identified by a Commissioned or Warrant Officer who belonged to the Ship at some Part of the Time of his Service; and if he shall have been taken by the Enemy* or cast away, he shall not be paid his Wages, unless he shall have appeared to have entered again on Board of a King's Ship, in a reasonable Time thereafter, or unless, in any of these cases, he shall shew a reasonable Cause for not complying with such Directions, that shall be admitted as such by the Commissioner comptrolling, and the Clerk of the Treasurer then paying; and Wages due to any Person who shall be 3* Geo. 3*c* 34« marked upon the Ship's Books to have run from the Service, shall not be payable, unless such Mark shall be taken off by Order of the Commissioners of the Navy.

5. Every Inferior Officer or Seaman, who shall be turned over when at a Port of Great Britain where a 31 Geo. 2. c. 10# Commissioner of the Navy may be, shall be paid for the Ship from which he shall be so removed, before

that into which he shall go proceeds to Sea, unless it shall be other wise directed by special Order from the Admiralty, in Cases of the greatest Exigency only, in which Case the Wages shall be paid as soon as such Ship (hah come again into any Port in Great Britain where there shall be a Commissioner of the Navy.

6. When any Inferior Officer, Seaman, or Marine, shall be removed from one Ship to another while 32 Geo. 3. c. 334 Abroad, or at any Place where no Commissioner of the Navy shall be and reside, he shall receive a Remove

Ticket for the Time that he shall have served in the Ship from which he shall be turned over, which shall not

276 C. 67. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

not be (aleable or transerrable, but for which be may receive Payment by applying in Person at any one of the Pav Offices London, Portsmouth, Plymouth, or Chatham, provided he shall appear to have regularly

entered and to have been three Times mustered in the Ship into which he was turned over, or appear

upon Books to have been regularly i^\puifkrv icSea? Home or Abroad, or be sent Sick into any Hof-3iC;o, j.e- }} 7. IfhAbro«£ he shall receive from his Captain or Commander a Ticket u

p tal or Sick t^yar received into any such Hospital or Sick Quarters, he shall be discharged

l,ke Manner and the Agent of such Hospital a Certificate of his Dif-

11<L,' and Discharge Ln such HM at any of the Pay Office, charge, and upon pi t- Certificate Gf his having received no Wages for his Services in Ins Paf-

above-mentioned, tog Home in a Packet or Merchantman, he shall receive Payment thereof, and shall be°llm by the Commissioner to the nearest Hospital, where he shall be receivedlandvictualled from the shall be lent oy uw Tickets till he be paid: and it he shall be or arrive in any other Part of Great

} ime °;PLtl he shall prefect his Tickets and Certificates to any Collector of the Customs, Collector of tumor Ireland, of the Land Tax, or Clerk of the Check, who may be or reside at that

Place^and Sef'bd Cdleelor Receiver, or Clerk of the Check, being satisfied as to his Identity, shall r ' i lk I-,; 1'Pirkcfs and Certificates to the Commissioners of the Navy in London, who will return a Bil?fot the6Amoun^of^he^Vages d ue^thereon, and which Bill shall be payable by such Collector or Re-. Bill lor w " particularly described in the ninth Clause of this Abstract; and if any ffich

CTfctoi^Sould bTuSdil/loft or destroyed, the Ptuty shall receive Payment upon the Du-Remove iickcis in toeen (=nt to t!lc Navy Board by the Commander of the Ship for which

ft wa?.mdeCout- and if lmth‘Parts should be so loll or destroyed, the Party, or his Heirs, shall be mtitled ndeceive wlvitever shall be due to them upon other ickets to be made out from the Muller Books, or to receive whatever i then be paid for the ime. If the Petty Officer, Seaman, or upon the Ship s '. fenUick as aforesaid, to any Hospital or Sick Quarters, shall be discharged

Marine, who his Ticket wi-1. the Agent; but if lie shall be discharged to

therefrom, to return lhc ^ail Cany his Ticket with him, but which shall not be payable until the

go on Loa,d; y ‘. ?0 shall come in Course of Payment, or until he shall be discharged therefrom; % T'"fS 'fw Officers; Seamen, and Marines, shall be at any Time sent lick on Shore, the and when such 1 t y Quarters shall make out a List containing their Names and Numbers at

Agent of the Ho. , c Q. which be shall procure the Signature of the Officer who conducted ^?hor" und t poffiblu hat Ithe Captain or Commander of the Ship from which

"7 When any Inferior Officer, Seaman, or Marine, Ml die on Board of any Ship in the Service of his Majesty a Dead Ticket shall be transmitted by the first Opportunity to the Commissioners of the Navy, for the J. r W nffimr Seaman or Marine, as also annexed thereto a List or bill for the Value of the Wages due to u ? b' have left; and the said Commissioners shall assign the same for

whiH tVhM receive U>and upon Application causek to

f As ofk"a‘sha n^'ship which shall n" be^aTo" of or on the Coast thereof, Oaail have

Mm^Msto^bc calied^verj'aiUt^clTto anftvcf'to hl^Nameftnld flt^l do the farne'at Officers, beam, Calendar Months Wages or more shall be due; and if any such

ft* tnd ir Marine shall then declare or deliver in Writing the Name and Place of Abode of his

0®cer' Mother Grandfather, Grandmother, Brother, or Sister, and desire that the \Y hole or any Part

except the Wages due for the last six Months, should be paid to any such Relation of his Wags then due except the > Collcaor of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the

by any Receiver-% b iy Revenue Officer in the Captain or Commander is strictly re-

Chcck in 'S'sTo beSle out of the Persons so tiefiring to make such Remittances, and shall

quired to cause so t Opportunity, without Delay, to the Commissioners of the Navy at their

transmit mch L fts by the Jrlt e, make out two Bills, if Payment is required to be made

Board; who on if to be made in Ireland, for the Payment of the Wages so allotted by

in Great Britain, or ... Certificates shall be sent to the Persons respectively specified in such Lifts,

each of the Check, or Commissioners of the Revenue in -

and the other to h f h Bi|j ;s ,bnt shall, within lix Months from the Date thereof, pro-

iand-, and if the Per for Reiver, Collector, or Clerk of the Check, together with a Certificate duce and deliver t Father Mother, Grandfather, Grandmother, Brother, or Sifter, as the Case may

that such Per on s tlgW.fc, ^r Jlo unde*r the Hand of the Alinifter and Churchwardens, or

K'iBX "a'lS W» EMJb of the PariO, where such Person was marned or reftd.s, such He. in Scotland o\r the 11 f lbc Check, upon being satisfied of the Truth of such Certificate by examining ceiver, Collector, otherwise i« immediately, without Fee or Reward, to pay the Sum mentioned-in

thel'arty upon Oath, or otherw^‘, Vcb Sn or such Certificate, together with the Duplicate thereof, being such Bill, taking a K 1 > immediately assigned for Payment by the Commissioners of the Navy,

produced at «I«N«1^ (2* ffier, Collector, or Clerk of the Check, or to the Com-and repaid by the I'realurer or mc i; avy ‘ respectively; but if Payment of the said Bill be not de-

missioners of the R^vc'i CoWcCtorlor Clerk of the Check, and the Duplicate of the said Bill, together with ^prope^Certificate, be not produced and delivered to them respectively withm six Months Irom the Date

31 Geo. ». c. 10.

extended 3» Cco.3. c. 33.

31 Geo. 1. c. 10. extended by 32 Geo. 3. c. 33. and by 32 Geo. 3. c. 67.

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 67.

thereof, the Bill or Certificate is to be returned and cancelled, and the Sum contained therein is to become payable to such Inferior Officer, Seaman, or Marine, when the Ship shall be paid.

10. In like Manner when Wages shall be due to Inferior Officers, Seamen, or Marines, who shall have been discharged un'serviceable, or to the Heirs or Executors of Inferior Officers, Seamen, or Marines, or to those who shall administer as their principal Creditors, and who in either Case shall not be in London, or at any of the Out-ports where Seamen's Wages are paid; or when Wages shall be paid at the Pay Office, or at any of the Out-ports, and any Inferior Officer, Seaman, or Marine, shall be desirous to remit the Whole or Part of his Wages to himself, his Wife, Children, or Parents, or to any other Person, and to have a Bill or Certificate for the same drawn upon any such Receiver-general, Collector, or Clerk of the Check, or Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, then, and in each of these cases, two Bills or two Certificates are to be made out, one of which is to be delivered to such Officer, Seaman, or Marine, or sent or delivered to such Heir, Executor, or Creditor, and the other to be sent to such Receiver, Collector, or Clerk of the Check, or to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, who shall pay or cause to be paid immediately the Sum therein mentioned, without any Fee or Reward, and who shall be repaid by the Treasurer of the Navy, and shall return the Bill, if unpaid after six Months, in the Manner directed by the former Clause.

11. If any Receiver, Collector, or Clerk of the Check, shall not have in his Hands Money to answer any Bill or Certificate tendered by the Party in whose Favour the same is made out, and shall refuse or delay the immediate Payment thereof, he is to indorse on such Bill or such Certificate the Cause of his Refusal or Delay, and appoint for Payment some Day within one Month after such Tender; and if upon Complaint to the Commissioners respectively appointed to manage the Land Tax, Customs, or Excise, or to the Commissioners of the Navy, or the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, respectively, it shall appear that any such Receiver, Collector, or Clerk of the Check hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed Payment, or that he, or any Person employed by or under him, hath taken any Fee, Reward, Gratuity, Discount or Deduction on account of Payment of any such Bill or such Certificate, such Commissioners may fine such Offender in any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds.

12. Every Officer or Seaman who shall be turned over from one Ship to another shall not serve or be rated in a worse Quality or lower Degree than he served in or was rated for in the former Ship.

13. Every supernumerary Man serving ten Days in any Ship shall be borne for and entitled to his Wages upon the Books of such Ship, and to all other Benefits, as if he was Part of the Complement of such Ship; but Men lent from one Ship to another shall continue to be borne for and entitled to their Wages upon the Books of the Ship from which they were lent, until they shall be regularly discharged from thence, and in no other.

14. Anyffnferior Officer, Seaman, or Marine, who shall be desirous to execute a Will or a Power of Attorney, and shall at that Time belong to any Ship, must execute the same on Board of such Ship, unless he should be at Sick Quarters.

If made on Board it mud be attested by the Commanding Officer and one other Signing Officer belonging to the Ship, and must specify the Number at which the M aker (lands rated upon the Ship's Books; if at Sick Quarters, it must be attested by the Agent, and must specify his Number.

If he shall have been discharged the Service, and shall be within the Bills of Mortality of the Cities of London and Westminster, his Will or Power must be attested before the Inspector or his Assistant at the Navy Pay Office in London.

If he shall be at Porifmouth, Plymouth, or Chatham, or within seven Miles of either of these Places, his Power must be attested by a Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy at such Place.

If he shall be in any other Place in Great Britain or Ireland, his Will or Power of Attorney must be attested by the Minister and two Churchwardens, or two Elders of the Parish where he shall be at the Time of executing the same.

All Wills and Powers of Attorney made by Inferior Officers, Seamen, or Marines, must contain the full Description of the Residence, Profession or Business of the Person who shall be therein appointed Attorney or Executor, and also the Name of the Ship to which such Officers, Seamen, or Marines last belonged; and if made on Board, or at Sick Quarters, the Number at which their Names flood on their respetftive Ship's Books: Every Letter of Attorney must be declared in the Body thereof to be revocable.

A Certificate of Discharge must be produced to whoever shall attest any Will or Power of Attorney made on Shore by Inferior Officers, Seamen, or Marines, and forwarded to the Inspector with such Will or Power, or a Reason must be given for the same not being produced, which shall be noted on the Back of the Will or Power, and must be admitted as satistactory at the Pay Office before a Check can be ifhied.

All Powers of Attorney and Wills made by Inferior Officers, Seamen, and Marines, inuft be delivered to those who attest them, who are directed to forward them immediately to the Treasurer, or to the Paymaster of the Navy at the Pay Office in London, to be there kept as Vouchers; and as soon as they are ascertained to be authentick, by Investigation to be made at such Office, (for which Purpose the Inspector shall have free Aecefs to all Pay and A'luster Books of Ships, and to all Hospital Returns,) Checks in lieu of the same will be issued to the Parties named as Attornies or Executors, that shall be to them the same as the original Powers of Attorney and Wills. All Wills and Powers of Attorney, made by Inferior Officers or Seamen, prior to the fir it Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, or by Marines prior to the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, must be sent to the Navy Pay Office in London, where they mail be examined and approved of, and stamped by the Inspector before any Payment of Wages, or other Allowances, can be made upon them.

15. Inferior Officers, Seamen, or Marines, may grant Orders instead of Powers of Attorney, in Cases where the Wages due and payable to them for their Sci vices do not exceed seven Pounds, but which Orders

1 mull

277

31 Geo. 2. c. 10.

extended to Marines by 32 Geo. 3. c. 33. to Heirs and Creditors by

32 Geo. 3. c. 34. and to Ireland by 31 Geo. 3. C. 67.

31 Geo. 2.r. 10. extended to Marines by 32 Geo. 3. c. 3 3. and to Heirs and Creditors by 32 Geo. 3*c. 34.

31 Geo. 2. c. io» Ditto.

26 Geo. 3. c. 63. ex'ended 10 Marines by 32 Geo. 3. c. 34.

Di:to. Ditto,

Ditto, Ditto.

32 Geo. 3. c. 34.

26 Geo. 3. c. 63.

26 Geo. 3. c. 63.

32 Geo. 3. C. 34.

26 Geo. 3. c. 63. extended to Ma» rines determined by *,a Jto, 3. c. 34.

32 Geo. 3. c. 34.

32 Geo. 3. c. 34.

278

32 Geo. 3. c. 34. 26 Geo. 3. c. 63* 32 Geo. 3. c. 34.

32 Geo. 3.0. 67.

26 Geo. 3. c. 63. 31 Geo. 2. c. 10.

3* Geo. 3. C. 33.

32 Geo. 3. c. 33.

3i Geo. 3. c. 33. 32 Geo. 3. c. 33. 32 Geo. 3.0. 33.

31 Geo. 2. c. 10.

32 Geo. 3. c. 67.

31 Geo. 2. c. 10.

3* Geo. 2. c. 10.

32 Geo. 3. C. 76.

32 Geo. 3. c. 34. 32 Geo. 3. c. 34.

31 Geo. 2. c. 10. altered by 32. Geo. 3. c. 33.

32 Geo. 3. c. 34.

C. 67. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

must be witnessed by the Commander or by a signing Officer or Lieutenant on Board of the Ship where such Service was performed, and the same, accompanied by a Certificate from such Officer, must be submitted for Inflection at the Pay Office in London, where (if found just) it will be stamped for Payment.

16. All Lieutenants are directed to sign their Names upon some Page of every Muster Book, in order that their Signatures may be known to the Inspector at the Navy Pay Office; all Captains or Commanders are directed to specify upon every such Muster Book which of the Men have granted Wills or Powers since the preceding Return.

And all Officers in the Navy, and other Officers under Government, are directed to grant the Certificates, attest the Vouchers, and act in other Respects as shall be necessary on their Part to fulfil the Intent and Meaning of the respective Instructions and Requisitions set forth and made in this Abstract.

17. All Wills, Letters of Attorney, and Orders, other than made agreeable to the aforesaid Directions, made by Inferior Officers, Seamen, or Marines, and all Bargains, Bills of Sale, and Assignments concerning the Wages or Allowances of Money due, growing or to grow due to any Inferior Officer, Seaman, or Marine, shall be null and void.—Assignments made by Commissioned and Warrant Officers shall be good and valid, provided they shall be made general, and for a certain specified Sum; and the Treasurer of the Navy, or Persons paying for him. Avail pay all Wages or other Allowances due to such Officers upon such Assignments, until the Sum specified in the same shall be duly satisfied; and in Cases where more than.one Alignment shall be produced, the Treasurer, or Persons paying for him, shall pay upon them and satisfy them according to the Priority of their Dates, but he or they lo paying shall take no Notice whatever of any Assignment made by any Officer, unless the same shall be exhibited and be accompanied with the necessary Certificates and Papers, at the Time when Payments shall be demanded to be made thereon; and the said Treasurer, or Persons paying for him, shall not take notice of any Power of Attorney, or any Check of any Power, unless such Power or Check shall be presented at the Time of Payment; and if two or more Powers or Checks shall be presented at the same Time, Payment shall be made to that which bears the latest Date.

18. British Governors, Ministers and Confute, residing at Foreign Parts, or, where no such a;e Ptefent, any two British) Merchants are required to provide for Seafaring Men and Boys, Subjects of Great Britain, who by Shipwreck, Capture, or other unavoidable Accident, shall be in Foreign Parts, or who iliali be discharged there as unfefviceable from the Royal Navy, and subsist them at nine Pence per Diem each, and fend them Home as soon as conveniently may be in any Ship belonging to the Royal Navy, or in any Merchant Ship.

19. Matters of Ships shall be allowed nine Pence per Diem for all such Men and Boys as shall exceed their Complement.

20. Inferior Officers, Seamen, or Marines, shall not be taken out of the Service for any Debt, unless such Debt shall have been contracted before they entered the Navy, and shall exceed twenty Pounds.

21. But Creditors may file a common Appearance so as to entitle them to proceed to Judgement and Outlawry, and to have an Execution thereon, except against the Bodies of such Seamen.

22. Receivers of Seamen's Wages taking more than Sixpence in the Pound shall, for every Offence, forfeit fifty Pounds; and if any such Offender be a Clerk, Officer, or Servant, in an Office belonging to the Navy, he shall lose his Place, and be incapable of holding any Place of Profit in such Office.

23. Clerks, Officers, and Servants in Offices belonging to the Navy, taking Fees (not allowed by the Acts of which this is an Abstract) for doing any Thing directed by the said Acts, shall be subject to the same Forfeitures.

24. Captains or Commanders of Ships are to transmit, from Time to Time, to the Commissioners of the Navy at their Board, complete Pay Books, Lilts and Tickets, and also, once in every two Months, complete Muster Books, under the Penalty of forfeiting all their Wages to the Chest at Chatham, and of being liable to such further Punishment as a Court Martial shall infliCi, except in Cases of Necessity, to be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners of the Admiralty.

25. The Payment of Tickets, Certificates, or Pay Lifts, shall not be delayed, though the Muster or Pay Books be not regularly ferrt to, and received by, the Commissioners of the Navy; but if any Error shall be made in any Ticket, Certificate, or Pay Lift, the Loss shall be made good out of the Wages of the Captain or Commander by whom such Picket, Certificate, or Pay Lift, was made out.

26. Captains and Commanders who shall fail from any Foreign Station, before an Opportunity offers of transmitting Home their Muster Books, Lifts, and Tickets, shall leave them with the Naval Officer, or some respectable Merchant or other Person, to be forwarded by the first Opportunity.

27. Captains removed from any Ship in his Majesty's Service shall leave with his Successor complete Muster Books, signed by himself and the proper Officers, to the Date of his Removal, and shall receive a Receipt for the same; and the Commissioners of the Navy shall not sign his General Certificate unless such Receipt be produced, or unless it be made'appear that the Directions herein given were complied with, as far as the Nature of the Service would admit.

28. Wages, fffe. earned by an Apprentice shall be paid to his Matter as usual, if such Matter shall produce the Indentures at the Pay Table when the Wages are demanded, unless such Apprentice shall have been above eighteen Years of Age when he was indented, in which Case he may receive Payment of the same himself, or unless he shall be rated as a Servant to an Officer, in which Case his Wages shall be paid to such Officer according to the usual Practice of the Navy, unless such Officer shall have been informed of such Appremiceship by the Indentures having been exhibited to him.

29. All Months to which this Abstract of the Naval Acts relates, shall be counted and reckoned Calendar Months, excepting in computing the Wages due to Officers, Seamen, and Marines, when each Month shall consist of twenty eight Days only.

S ' 30. Captains

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 67.

30. Captains or Commanders issuing any Tickets, other than such as are directed by the different Acts of which this is an Abstract, shall be subject to a Penalty of fifty Pounds for every Ticket, and shall forfeit all their Wages to the Chest at Chatham.

31. Those who claim the Wages of any Inferior Officer, Seaman, or Marine, as Executors, as soon ns they shall be informed of the Testator's Death, muff forward the Authorities under which they so claim by the General Post, addressed to the Treasurer or to the Paymaster of the Navy, London.—Those who claim as nearest of Kin must also write, when they shall be informed of the Death of their Relation, by the General Post, to the Treasurer or to the Paymaster, dating their Pretensions to the Wages which may remain due; and those who shall be intitled to claim as Creditors must apply in like Manner, and at the same Time date in Writing the Nature and Amount of their Demand; a Proof must also be produced in each of these Cases of the Inferior Officer, Seaman, or Marine's Death; if he shall have died after having left the Service, the Business will then be properly investigated at the Navy Pay Office; and if the Claim be found just, the necessary Expences of administering at Doctors Commons (which are limited as per Clause thirty-second of this Abstract) will be'defrayed, and the Balance will be directed to be paid to the Executor or Administrator, if present, and, if absent, by a Remittance Bill to be made out in the Manner hereinbefore described in the tenth Clause of this Abstract, and which shall be payable wherever he may reside without any Fee, Reward, or Deduction whatever.

Pensions due to Out-pensioners of Greenwich Hospital shall be paid by Bill in like Manner in any Part of Great Britain or Inland, upon Application being made by the Party in Writing to the Governors of the said Hospital.

Those whqihall be named as Executors in Wills, or who shall be intitled to administer as Widow, next of Kin, or Creditor, to Inferior Officers, Seamen, or Marines, may receive the Wages which shall be due* without incurring the Expence of taking out Letters of Administration, in Cales w here such Wages and other Allowances do not exceed ten Pounds, provided the Justness of their respective Ciaims shall be fat;s-faftorily ascertained at the Pay-Office, and the said Wages, &c. shall be remitted in like Manner, if required, to any Part of Great Britain or Ireland.

32. Registers or Procters in Doctors Commons, taking more than the Sums allowed by the Act to be charged in the different Events therein-specified, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and any Register or Proctor, aiding or assisting in procuring Probates or Administrations, otherwise than in the Manner prescribed by the Act, shall for ever be rendered incapable of acting in any Ecclesiastical Court in Great Britain, and (hill, for evefy Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

33. Whoever willingly and knowingly shall personate, or falsely affiume the Name or Character of, or procure any other to personate, or falsely to affiume the Name or Character of any Officer, Seaman, or other Person intitled to Wages, Pay, Allowances, or Prize Money, for Service done on Board of any Ship of the Royal Navy; or the Executor, Administrator, Wife, Relation, or Creditor of any such Officer, Beaman, or other Person, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Allowances, or Prize Money; or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Letter of Attorney, or other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Allowances, or Prize Money; or shall wil-

Wand knowingly take a false Oath, or procure a false Oath to be taken, to obtain the Probate of a or Letters of Administration, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Allowances, or Prize Money, shall be guilty of Felony, and suffer Death; and whoever knowingly shall forge or counterfeit any Certificate of Discharge, or Certificate of Servitude, in order to intitle them to recover their own Wages, or assist in so doing, shall be punished as in Cases of Perjury.

34. The Tickets, Certificates, Pay Liftsr Bills, and Duplicates herein mentioned, shall be sufficient Vouchers to the Treasurer of the Navy for the Payments made thereon.

35. Every Part of the Complement on Board any of his Majesty's Ships is included under the Denomination of Inferior or Petty Officers and Seamen, vNon-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, except those who shall be rated as follow: Admirals or Flag Officers and their Secretaries, Captains, Lieutenants, Matters, Second Masters, and Pilots, Physicians, Surgeons, Chaplains, Boatfwaiiis, Gunners, Carpenters, Purlers, Captains of Marines, Captains Lieutenants of Marines, Lieutenants of Marines, and Quarter Masters of Marines.

36.^Copies of this Abstract shall be transmitted to the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, to the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded Seamen, to the Commissioners of the Excise and Customs in England and Scotland, to the Receivers General of the Land Tax, to the Registers and Deputy Registers of the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, to the Clerks of the Check of his Majesty's Dock Yards, to the Governors and Agents of the Royal Hospitals, to the Commanding Officers of the several Divisions of Marines, and to the Minister of every Parish in Great Britain, who are directed to hang up and affix the same in some conspicuous Part of their several Offices or Parishes, and to promulgate the same as much as may be in their respective Departments. A Copy of this Abstract, together with the Articles of War, shall also be kept hung up in the moll publick Place of every Ship of the Royal Navy, that it may be accessible to all Inferior Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines; and every Captain and Commander shall cause the same to be read over once in every Month, after the Articles of War are read, and the reading of the same shall be attested by the Captain or Commander and signing Officers at the Foot of the iVlufter Books; to the End that every Seaman in the Royal Navy may know the Punishments. he is liable to for any Neglect or Disobedience, and the Encouragement he is intitled to by the Performance of his Duty, and that upon suffering any Injury he may be enabled to lay his Complaint before the Lord High Admiral or the Commit 32 GEO. III. Go sioners

*79

31 Geo. 2.c* io»

26 Geo. 3. c. 63, 32 Geo. 3. g* 34.

3 Geo. 3. c. 16. and exie ded co Ireland by 32

Geo. 3. c. 07.

31 Geo. 3. c. 34.

32 Geo. j. c. 34.

31 Geo. t. c. 10.

32 Geo. 3. C. 3J. 32 Geo. 3. C. 34. 32 Geo. 3.c,j&7,

32 Geo. 3. c. 34.

31 Geo. 2. c. i<j#

32 Geo. 3. c. 33. 3i Geo. 3. c. 34.

32 Geo. 3. c. 67, 32 Geo. 3. C. 34.

32 G €0.3.0.67*

C. 67 - 7 2. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

sioners of the Admiralty, who are directed to inquire into the same, and to grant Redress if such Complaint

be justly founded, and to take especial Care that this and the other Acts, ot which this is an Abstractr be-

punctually carried into Execution.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for making effectual the Statute Labour in the County of Renfrew, and for levying Conversion Money in Lieu of Labour in certain Cases j and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing, High Roads and Bridges in the said County.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of 'Lancaster \ for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages \ and for other Purposes therein.

mentioned.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of and belonging to the Parish of Tewkejbtay

in the County of Gloucester.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Bolton Moor, and other the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Great Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster \ and for widening, paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the Towns of Great Bolton and Little Bolton, and for supplying the said Towns with Water, and for providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Incroachments, and Annoyances, and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs within? the said Towns.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for vesting in James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Life and Property of a certain Yellow Colour, of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick ujpotr Tweed, for a limited Time. 4

WHEREAS his most Excellent Majesty King George the Third, by his Letters Patent, bearing.

Date the twenty-sixth Day of February in the twenty-fird Year of his Reign, did give and grant unto James Turner of the City of Westminster, Gentleman, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

the sole Privilege and Authority to make, use, and vend a certain Yellow Colour, the Invention of the said James Turner, for painting in Oil or Water, inakingJWhite Lead, and of separating the Mineral Al- kaline from Common Salt, all to be performed in one Angle Process, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the Term of four- teen Years: And whereas the Yellow Colour u(ed in this Country for painting Coaches and various other Things was before that Period imported from Abroad; but the Yellow Colour invented by the said Janies Turner (and which is composed of British Materials only) has been found to be far fujierior to the Foreign,

and is also Ids expensive; and has not only in a great Measure superseded the Necellity of importing that Article, but is now exported in considerable Quantities to mod Parts of Europe, the East and West Indies,

and America, by which it has become an Object of Importance to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, and by the great Consumption of common Salt necessarily used in preparing the same, the said ln- vention will afford an Increase to the publick Revenue: The laid Invention has also rendered unnecessary the Use of those noxious Colours, King's Yellow, and Orpiment, by which the Health of the Workmen. 4 have been frequently much injured: And whereas, notwithstanding the Benefit this Country will derive from the said Invention, the said James Turner has been hitherto deprived of the Benefit he expected to have received from his said Invention, by the Artifices of certain Chymists and Colourmen, who, taking Advantage of his Specification for preparing the said Yellow Colour, which he had caused to be inrolled In the High Court of Chancery, agreeable to the Conditions of the said Letters Patent, and being in Possession of the Channels of the Trade, have secretly invaded his Patent, and have supplied the Consumers with an inferior Sort, or an Imitation of the said Yellow Colour, without the Consent of the said Janies Turner, by which Means the Sale of the Yellow Colour invented by him hath been almod totally taken from him, particularly in the Years one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- eight, and one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, the Whole of his Receipts at those Periods not amounting to the unavoidable Expellees incurred in the Preparation of the said Yellow Colour: And the said James Turner having instituted various Actions and Suits in Law and Equity, against several of the Persons who invaded his Patent, one of such Actions came to Trial, and he obtained two Verdicts therein. 4 (a new Trial having been granted), and he also obtained an Injunction in the Court of Exchequer in consequence thereof 3 but the prosecuting such Actions and Suits were attended with much Expence and

28l

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 72.

Loss of Time to the said James Turnery and the Damages awarded upon the said Verdictl were only nominal: So that unless the Term granted by the said Letters Patent be prolonged, and the Property in the said Invention secured to him for an additional Term, he cannot receive an adequate Recompence for his Labour, Expence, and Time in bringing his said Invention to Perfection :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's^ most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal^ and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the sole Privilege and Advantage of making a certain Yellow Colour, mentioned in the said Letters Patent, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, be, and the lame is and are hereby declared to be vested in the said James Turnery his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during the Term of eleven Years from thenceforth next ensuing; and that he the said James Turnery his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and every of them, by himself and themselves, or by^ his or their Deputy or Deputies, Servants or Agents, or such others as he the said James Turnery his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall at any Time agree with, and no others, from Time to Time, and at all Times, during the Term of Years herein-bfcfore last mentioned, shall and lawfully may make, use, exercise,<and vend the said Yellow Colour herein-before mentioned, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in such Manner as to him the said James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, or any of them, shall in his or their Discretion seem meet; and that the said James Turnery his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and every of them, shall and lawfully may have and enjoy the whole Profit, Benefit, Commodity, and Advantage, from Time to Time coming, growing, accruing, and arising, by Reason of the said Invention, for and during the said Term of eleven Years herein-before mentioned; to have, hold, exercise, and enjoy the said Privileges and Authorities, and every Part thereof, unto the said James Turnery his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during, and unto the full End and Term of eleven Years as aforesaid; and that no other Person or Persons, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall at any Time during the said Term of eleven Years, either directly or indirectly, make, use, or putin practice the said Invention, or any Part of the same, nor in any wise counterfeit, imitate, or resemble the same, nor shall make, or cause to be made, any Addition thereto, or Subftraction from the same, whereby to pretend himself, herself, or themselves the Inventor or Inventors, Devisor or Devifors thereof, without the Licence, Consent, or Agreement of the said James Turnery his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in Writing, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, first had and obtained in that Behalf, upon such Pains and Penalties as can or may be justly inflicted on such Offender or Offenders for his, her, or their Contempt of this Act, and further to be answerable to the said James Turnery his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to Law, for his and their Damages thereby occasioned.

II. And whereas the said James Turner hath, for some Time past, furnished the said Yellow Colour by Wholesale at the Rate of five Guineas per Hundred Weight; to the End therefore that the fPublick may be assured of the Advantage of this Invention at the same Price, during the Continuance of this AGtf be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said James Turnery his Executors, Administrators, r Assigns, during the said Term of eleven Years, to ask, demand, or take any greater Price for the said Yellow Colour than after the Rate or Price of five Guineas per Hundred Weight, from any Person or Persons who shall purchase at one Time a Quantity not less than one Hundred Weight.

III. Provided always, and be it enactecI and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or hinder any Person or Persons from making or using any Yellow Colour, for the Purpose of painting in Oil or Water, or for any other Purpose, which is or are not at present of the Invention or Application of the said James Turnery or which has or have been publickly used or exercised by any other Person or Persons before the Date of the said Letters Patent herein-before recited; but that the said Yellow Colour, and every Thing relating thereto, which is or are not at present of the Invention of the said James Turnery and is or are not particularly ascertained and described in the Instrument or Specification made in pursuance of the said Letters Patent, shall be and remain to the Publick, and to the respective Inventor or Inventors thereof, in like Manner as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared, That every Objection which might have been made to the said Yellow Colour not being a new Invention within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act of the twenty-first of James the First, sufficient to invalidate Letters Patent, may be made in Bar to any Action brought by virtue or in consequence of this Act.

V. Provided always, That if the said James Turnery his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any Person or Persons who shall, at any Time during the said Term of eleven Years, have or claim any Right, Title, or Interest, in Law or Equity, of, in, or to the Power, Privilege, or Authority of the sole making, using, and vending the said Yellow Colour, shall make any Transfer or Assignment, or pretended Transfer or Assignment, of the said Liberty or Privilege, hereby vested in the said James Turnery his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, or any Share or Shares of the Benefit or Profits thereof; or shall declare any Trusts thereof to or for any Number of Persons exceeding the Number of Five, or shall open, or cause to be opened, any Book or Books for public Subscriptions to be made, by any Number of Persons exceeding the Number of Five, in order to the raising of any Sum or Sums of Money, under Pretence of carrying on the said Liberty or Privilege hereby vested in the said Jam^s Turnery his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns-; or shall by him or themselves, or his or their Agents or Servants, receive any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever* of any Number of Persons exceeding in the Whole the Number of Five, for such or the like Intents

The sole Privilege of making and vending the Invention vest *1 in Mr. Turner, his Executors, &c. for eleven Years,

Mr. Turner net to fell the Colour at more than five Guineas the Hundred Weight.

This Act rot to hinder the using any Invention which not the Invention of Mr. Turner*

ObjefHons against this Yellow Colour being a new Invention, &c. The Invention not to become the Property of more than five Persons, &c.

2B2 C. 72, 73. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

or Purposes; or shall presume to act as a Corporate Body; or shall divide the Benefit of the Liberty or Privileges hereby vested in the said James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, into any Number of Shares exceeding the Number of Five; or shall commit or do, or procure to be committed or done, any Aft, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, during such Time as such Person or Persons shall have any Right or Title, either in Law or Equity, which shall be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act of Parliament, 6 Gc3. t» c. jS. made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for better securing certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty by two Charters for Assurance of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry; and for refraining fever a I extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned\ or in case the said Power, Privilege, or Authority, shall at any Time become vested in or in Trust for more than the Number of five Persons, or their Representatives, at any one Time, otherwise than by Devise or Succession (reckoning Executors and Administrators as and for the single Persons whom they represent, as to such Interest as they are or shall be entitled to in Right of such their Testator or Intestate); that then and in every of the said Cases all Liberties and Advantages whatsoever, hereby vested in the said James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall utterly cease, determine, and become void -y any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

---

[Publick Act.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same,

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for more effectually securing to Joseph Booths and to the Publick, the Benefit of a certain Invention or Discovery therein mentioned, for which he hath obtained Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

---

Recital of M>, Roothk Patent.

Specification, iostead of being Vnrolled, to be delivered to the J.ord High Chancellor. t

WHEREAS his Majesty King George the Third, by his Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, dated the twenty-third Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-‘ two, and in the thirty-second Year of his Reign, and also by Letters Patent under the Seal appointed to 9 be used in lieu of the Great Seal of Scotland, dated the twenty-seventh Day of the said Month of Januaryr 9 did give and grant unto Joseph Booths of Lerwisham, in the County of Kent, Artist, his Executors, Admi-9 nistrators, and Assigns, for the Term of fourteen Years, the lole Benefit and Advantage of a Machine or

Apparatus, and certain Chemical Compositions, invented by him, for the Purpose of making various Kinds c of Woollen Cloths, ar$ other Articles, with a Proviso in each of the said Letters Patent, that he should, by 9 Writing under his Hand and Seal, cause a particular Description of the Nature of his said Invention to be 9 inrolled in the Court of Chancery of Great Britain, and also in the Chancellary of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, within four Months after the Date of the said recited Letters Patent: And whereas there is Reason to apprehend, that if the said particular Description of his said Invention be so inrolled in the said Court of Chancery, and in the said Chancellary, Copies thereof will be obtained by Foreign Agents 9 and Emilfories, and transmitted to Foreign Countries, the Inhabitants of which will thereby have the Benefit of making use of the said Invention before his Majesty's Subjects in Great Britain can by Law make use of the same; which would not only prevent the Patentee from deriving the full Advantage which he has Reason to expect therefrom, but might also tend to diminish the Woollen Trade of this Kingdom :9 May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That instead of causing the said particular Description of the said Invention to be inrolled in the said Court of Chancery, and in the said Chancellary, as is required by the said Proviso in the said Letters Patent, it shall be lawful for the said Joseph Booth, and he is hereby required, to deliver or cause to be delivered to the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain for the Time being, within eight Calendar Months from the Date of the said respective Letters Patent, a particular Description or Specification of the Nature of his laid Invention and Discovery, and in what Manner the same is to be performed, by Writing under his Hand and Seal; which said particular Description or Specification it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Chancellor to receive, and to deliver to two Persons who shall be appointed by him for the Examination of the Process therein described, and for answering such Questions as Occasion may require respecting the same; which laid two Persons shall make an Affidavit before a Master iiv Chancery, that they will not divulge to any Person whatever the said particular Description or Process therein described; and the said two Persons so appointed shall receive the said particular Description, and shall attend the Process therein described, and shall point out any Alterations or Additions which occur to them as necessary to complete and perfect the said particular Description or Specification, and shall make true Answers to all Questions respecting the same, which shall at any Time afterwards be demanded of them, by the said Lord High Chancellor*, and the aforesaid Alterations or Additions, if any, being therein made, they shall deliver back to the said Lord High Chancellor the said particular Description or Specification la altered and amended, if Need shall be, together with an Affidavit or Affidavits made before a Master in Chancery by the said two Persons and the said Joseph Booths that such particular Description or Specification fully, completely, and accurately defines and.describes the Whole and every Part of such Invention, and Discovery, and the Method of tiling and employing the same for the Uses and Purposes therein set forth; and the said particular Description or Specification, together with the Affidavit or Affidavits accompanying the same as aforesaid, shall be enclosed in a Cover under the Seal of the said Lord High Chancellor,

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 73 - 78. 283

and shall be lodged in the Office of one of the Matters of the High Court of Chancery, to be nominated and appointed successively from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, by the said Lord High Chancellor; and the Matter in Chancery so to be appointed is hereby required to receive and preserve the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Packet shall not be removed from the Care and Custody of the Packet Inclosing said Matter on any Account or Pretence whatever, except by the Order of the said Lord High Chancellor |[j)cnS^e0ct‘^ar for the Time being; who shall have Power, and is hereby enabled to call for and have the same whenever there rlmov°dVrdmC shall be Occasion to have Recourse thereto, either on Account of Application being made for Patents for the place where other Discoveries or Inventions which there may be Reason to apprehend may be of a Nature similar to the it (halt be depo-

foid Invention and Discovery, or on Account of any Trial at Law in any Part of Great Britain respecting the fl ed» but *>y °r-

some, or in any other Case in which it may be judged by the said Lord High Chancellor necessary or proper ^[lorlheCnan" to inspect the same; in all which Cases the Seal of the said Packet shall and may be broken by the said Lord Ci or*

High Chancellor; and after such Use shall have been made of the said particular Description or Specification, as Occasion shall require as aforesaid, the same shall be again sealed up in Manner aforesaid, and deposited with a Matter in Chancery as before tliredled, in whose Care and Custody, or in the Care or Custody of his Successor to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, such Packet shall remain, until the Expiration of the Term of fourteen Years in the said Letters Patent mentioned; at which Time the said particular Description and Specification shall be inrolled in the said Court of Chancery, and in the said Chancellary, in Manner directed and required by the Proviso contained in the said Letters Patent, there to be and remain Publick for the Benefit of all his Majesty's Subjects; and the said Matter in Chancery in whose Care and Custody the same shall then be, and the said Joseph Booths his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Af-iigns are hereby directed and required to cause the same to be inrolled accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Delivery of the said particular Description or Specification in Delivery of tho Manner aforesaid, shall be held, deemed, and taken as a full and sufficient Performance of the above men- Specification tioned Proviso in each of the said Letters Patent, which thereupon shall be as good, firm, valid, sufficient, bedeemtda and effectual in the Law, as if the said particular Description or Specification had been actually inrolled with- Compliance in the Time limited as aforesaid, in the said Court of Chancery in Great Britain, and in the said Chancel- with the Proviso lary in Scotland, respectively; any Thing in the said respective Letters Patent contained to the contrary in the Patent, thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas humble Application hath been made to his Majesty by the said Joseph Booth for fur- Delivery of SPe- ther Letters Patent, granting to him, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of four- cificarion agree. 4 teen Years, the sole Use, Benefit, and Advantage of his said Invention and Discovery, not only in Great Britain, but also in all his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations Abroad: And whereas his Majesty has been comepijtnCe

graciously pleased to sign a Warrant accordingly, dated the fourth Day of June, in the Year aforesaid, with the Proviso € with a Proviso as to the Inrollment of the particular Description of the Nature thereof;' be it therefore fur- in any further ther enacted, That the Delivery of the particular Description or Specification required by such further Let- Patent* ters Patent, as shall be granted as aforesaid, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, and under the Seal appointed to be used in lieu of the Great Seal of Scotland, shall and may be made in Manner aforesaid, and such Delivery thereof, within the Time'.to be limited in such Letters Patent, shall be held, deemed, and taken as a full and sufficient Performance of such Proviso contained in such further Letters Patent, which thereupon shall be as good, firm, valid, sufficient, and effectual in the Law, as if such particular Description or Specification were actually inrolled, in the Manner specified in such further Letters Patent.

[Publick Act.]

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and judicially taken notice of as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for the Maintenance and Improvement of the Harbour of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich, in the same County.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for further enlarging and improving the Harbour of Whitebavert, in the County of Cumberland*

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for building a new Church or Chapel within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Cirencester, Crow-thorne and Minty, Brightwells Barrow, Rapfgate, Bradley, Bijley and Longtree, commonly called The Seven Hundreds of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester*

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, anil otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Borough of Derby; and for felling a certain Piece of Waste Ground, situate within the said Borough, called Nun's Green, towards defraying the Expence of the said Improvements.

C. 79 - 91. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for amending an Act of the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty, relating to the Haven and Harbour of Bo/lon, in the County of Lincoln; and for regulating the Mooring and Removing of Ships and other Vessels within the said Haven and Harbour, and for removing Obstructions therein.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for better paving, cleaning, and otherwise improving the Borough of Bo/lon, in the County of Lincoln.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from or from near Wyrley Bank, in the County of Stafford, to communicate with the Birmingham, and Birmingham Canal, at or near the Town of Wolverhampton, in the said County j and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described, from the said intended Canal.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for building a New Gaol, a Penitentiary House, and House of Correction, within the City of Bristol, and for regulating, maintaining, and supporting the same; and for disposing of the present Common Gaol of the said City of Bristol and County of the same City, and for other Purposes.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Foot of Coombe in the Parish of Leigh, in the County of Gloucester, to join the River Severn, at or near a Place called s, otherwise Fletcher's Leap, in the Parish of Decrhurst, in the said County.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for making a Navigable Canal from Manchester, to or near Ashton-underlync, and, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of and within such Part of the Parish of Whit-church as maintains its own Poor, and lies within the County of Salop.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for repairing or rebuilding the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Broadstairs, in the Iff o/Thanet, in the County of Kent-, and for the better preserving the said Harbour; and for removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and regulating the Mooring of Ships and Vessels within the (hid Harbour.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to rebuild the West End of the Cathedral Church of

Hereford, and to repair other Parts thereof.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for rebuilding the Chapel, and enlarging the Chapel Yard of Lane End, within the Parish of Stole

upon Frent, in the County of Stafford.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for building a new Church or Chapel in the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York. '

CAP. XC.

An Act for building a Bridge across the River Wear, from the Bank or Shore thereof, in the Parish of Bishop Wear mouth, in the County of Durham, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Monk Wearmouth, in the same County.

CAP. XCI.

An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Low Lands, within the Parish of Great Carlton,

in the County of Lincoln.

3

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 92 - 103.

CAP. XCII.

An Act for making a Harbour in the Cove of in the County of Devon,

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for improving the Communication between the County of Edinburgh and the County of Fife-, by the Passages or Ferries cross the Frith of Forth, between Leith and in the County of Edinburgh, and Kinghorn and Bruntisland, in the County of Fife; and for rendering the Harbours and Landing Places more commodious.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for regulating and improving the Salmon Fisheries in the River Nith, in the County of Dumfries.-

CAP. XCV.

An Act for the better Relief and' Employment of the Poor within the several Parishes of Wrox-

(ter, Berrington, Cund, Eaton Constantine, HenleyT Leand Upton and the Cha-

pelry of Cressage, in the County of Salop.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, belonging to the Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and certain other Parishes and Places therein mentioned in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act for building a Bridge, at or near the Ferry over the River from in the County of Oxford, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Pangbourn, in the County of Berks.

Cap. xcvnr.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to sell and dispose of a certain unfinflhed Building at or near,

-in the County of Somerset, intended for a Publick Hospital or infirmary, and of a Piece of Ground belonging thereto, in case a sufficient Sum of Money shall not be raised by Subscription, within a limited Time for finishing the said Building, and paying the Money due on Account thereof.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of thier, and of the Parishes of Saint Martin and Saint, which are Part within the City of

cester, and Part within the County of Worcester, and for providing, a Burial Ground for the Use of such Parishes.

CAP. C.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the in the county of Nottingham, to or near to the Town or Nottingham, and to the River, near Nottingham Trent and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal.

Cap. CI.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kendal, in the County, of,

to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canal at or near Borwici, to or near Warton Cragg; and also another Navigable Branch from, at, or near. Gale Moss, by Charley, to or near Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. CII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from, or from some Place near Pontnewynydd into the River Ujk, at or near the Town of Newport-, and a Collateral Cut or Canal from the same, at or near a Place called Cryndau Farm, to or near to Cru Bridge, all in the county of ; and for making and maintaining Railways, or Stone Roads, from such Cuts or Canals, to several IronWorks and Mines, in the Countits of Monmouth and Brecknock.

CAP. CIII.

An Act for the better paving, cleansing, widening, and regulating the Streets, Courts, Roads, Lanes, Ways Rows, Alleys, and publick Passages and Places, within the Town of Porijea, in the County of ten j and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions within the said Town.

285

86 C. 104 - 110. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

CAP. CIV.

An Act for building a New Gaol and House of Correction for the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen, and for supplying the said Town and County Borough, and the Liberties thereof* with Water; and for paving, watching, lighting, cleansing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Roads, and publick Passages, and for widening, and making the same more' commodious; and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein $ and for other Fqrposes.

CAP. CV.

An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Medway, from the Town of Maidstone, through the several Parishes of Maidstone, Boxley, Allington, and Aylesford, in the County of Kent.

CAP. CVI.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from Sleaford Ca/lle causeway, through the Town of Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, along the Course of Sleaford Mill Stream and Kyme Eau, to the River JVitham, at or near Chappel Hill, in the same County, and for making necessary Cuts for better effecting the said Navigation.

CAP. CVII.

An Act for enlarging and improving the Canal called Tattershall Canal, from the River JVitham to the Town of Tattershall, and extending the lame into the River Bain, and for making the said River Bain navigable from thence to or into the own of Horncastle, all in the County of Lincoln; and also for amending and rendering complete the navigable Communication between the said River JVitham and the Fosdike Canal, through the High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln,

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Town or V Hamlet of March, in the Manor and Parish of Doddington, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge \ and for altering and amending an Act, paflecl in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty IGng George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March and JVimblington, and in the Parish of Upwell, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge.

CAP. CIX.

An Act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving the open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships 01* Hamlets of Hefsle, Anlaby, and Tranby, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and for making a Compensation in lieu of Tythe for certain ancient inclosed Lands within the said several Townships or Hamlets, and also within the Township or Hamlet of Wooferton, other wise Wolf reton, in the same County,

CAP. CX.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of the Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Land, called Hexhamshire, and Allendale Common, and also certain Town Fields within the Regality or Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, and for dinting the Depasturing of foe other Parts of foe laid Commons, Moors, or Waste Land.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. tricesimo tertio.

T the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twenty-fifth Day of Nove?nbery Anno

f\ Domini one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of our

JL Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France,

and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, f$c.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the thirteenth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; being the third Session of the seventseivJi Parliament of Great BritainP

CAP. I.

An Act to prohibit the Circulation of Promissory or other Note?, Orders, Undertakings, or Obligations, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, or for any other Consideration, created and issued under or in the Name of any publick Authority in France.

WHEREAS it is expedient to prevent the Circulation in this Kingdom of any Promissory or other Notes, Orders, Undertakings, or Obligations, being transferable or negociable, or purporting to be negociable by Delivery, created and issued, or purporting to be created and issued, or which shall hereafter be created and issued by or in the Name of any publick Authority in France, whether the same be called Assignats, or by any other Denomination whatsoever, for the Payment of Money, or rendering any other Consideration to the Holders of the same: And whereas the Circulation of the same may be prejudicial to Manufacturers, Artificers, Labourers, and others, in this Kingdom Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every such Promissory or other Note, Order, Undertaking, or Obligation as aforesaid, which now is or hereafter shall be issued under or in the Name of any publick Authority in France, or shall purport so to be, shall be utterly void and of no Effect in any Payment within this Realm, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Preamble.]

Promissory Note?, &c, issued under any publick Authority in France, to be

void in any Payment.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who From Jan. 5, from and after the fifth Day of "January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall knowingly 1793' iJetlout utter, publish, or pay, or cause to be uttered, published, or paid, any such Promissory or other Note, N-wtofor. Order, Undertaking, or Obligation as aforesaid, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof by Confession of (at not moil the Party accused, or upon the Oath or Oaths of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before than 201. nor any Justice of the Peace art ing in and for the County, Division, City, Town, or Place where such-uttering, ,cIs lhan 5 ' publishing, or paying shall have happened, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not for each Note* exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds, to be levied in Manner herein after mentioned, in respect of each and every such Promissory or other Note, Order, Undertaking, or Obligation, which shall be uttered, published, or paid as aforesaid, or which such Person or Persons shall have caused to have been so uttered, published, or paid, whereof, ail Charges for the Recovery of the same being, first deduffed. Application of one Moiety shall be to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish in which F' r^ures. such Offence shall have been committed: Provided always, That any Person who shall have received in Such Notes repayment, before the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, any such Pro- jC,vtd bcio-e miffory or other Note, Order, Undertaking, or Obligation as aforesaid, shall be entitled, on Demand and on

Reddivery of the same to the Person from whom the lame was received, to the full Sum for which the same Demand by t°he was ib uttered or paid, in lawful Money of Great Britain. Vet 'ons If0!7i

33 GeOu III. Pp

III. And whom received.

J*

288

If Perfms tiaUe to the Payment of such Nctes shall refuse to to so for io Days after Denand, a Justice may hear the Complaint c f the Holders, and awa d the Sum with Coflb.

Penalties and Sums awarded by Justice*, may

he levied by Distress*

Justices may order Offenders to be detained tdl Return be made of Ditlrefs Warrant, unless the Parties give Security.

For want of Rift re fa the Parties may be imprisoned for three Mon'hs, or until Recognizance be entered into to appeal to the Quarter Setfion9.

Quarter Sef-may fi-na'ly determine Appeals.

Proccedirg* not to be quashed

for Want of Form.

J/nitation of ActionJ.

r,tnf ral Issue.

Ticl.lt Costs.

C. i. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, liable to the Payment of any such Promissory or other Note, Order, Undertaking, or Obligation, shall neglect or refuse to make Payment of the fuJl Sum for which the same was so uttered or paid, in lawful iVIoney of Great Britain, or so much thereof as shall remain due thereupon, by the Space of ten Days after Demand made thereof by the Holder of any such Promissory or other Note, or Undertaking as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Divihon, or Place where the Person so refusing to pay any Rich Promissory or other Note, Order, or Undertaking as aforesaid, shall or may happen to be or reside; and such Justice or Justices is or are hereby required, upon Complaint made by the Holder thereof, to summon the Person against: whom such* Complaint shall be made, and after his or her Appearance, or in Default thereof, upon due Proof upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorized to administer) of such Summons having been made, such Justice or Justices shall proceed to hear and determine the said Complaint, and award such Sum to be paid by the Person liable to the Payment of such Promissory or other Note, Order, Undertaking, or Obligation as aforesaid, to the Holder thereof, as shall appear to such Justice or Justices to be due thereon, together with such a Sum for Costs, not exceeding the Sum of twenty Shillings, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem meet-

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures* hereby incurred and made payable, shall be forthwith paid by the Person convicted; and in case such Person shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, or in case any Person shall neglect to pay or satisfy such Sum of Money as, upon such Complaint as aforesaid, shall be adjudged, upon the same being demanded, such Justice or Justices as aforesaid shall, in such Cases respectively, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, cause such Penalties, or such Sum as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Offenders respectively so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to order such Offender to be detained in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently had and made of such Warrant of Distress, unless the Party so convicted shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for his Appearance before the said Justice or Justices, on such Days as shall be appointed by the said Justice or Justices for the Day of the Return of such Warrant of Distress (such Day not exceeding eight Days from the;taking of such Security); which Security the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to take by way of Recognizance or other wise.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon such Return no sufficient Distress can be had, then and in such Case the said Justice or Justices shall and may commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, Riding, Division or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, for the Space of three Calendar Months, unless the Money forfeited shall be sooner paid, or until such Defender, thinking him or herself aggrieved by such Conviction, shall give Notice to the Informer that he or she intends to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, or Place, wherein the Offence shall be committed, and shall enter into Recognizance before such Justice or Justices, with two sufficient Sureties* conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by, the Justices at such Quarter Sessions (which Notice of Appeal, being not less than six Days before the Trial thereof, such Person so aggrieved is hereby impowered to give); and the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the ^Determination of such Quarter Session shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act, or for enforcing Payment of such Paper Currency as aforesaid, shall be quashed so* Want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within three Calendar Months after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and the same, and every such Action or Suit, shall be brought within the County where the Fact was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same, or be brought or laid in any other Place than as afore-mentioned, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the Recovery thereof as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 2. 289

29 Geo. II, Cap. 16.

CAP. II.

An Act to enable his Majesty to restrain the Exportation of Naval Stores; and more effectually to prevent the Exportation of Salt Petre, Arms, and Ammunition, when prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council.

[Preamble

WHEREAS the Publick Safety may require temporary Restraints upon the Exportation of Naval Stores: And whereas it is also expedient that further Provision should be made to prevent the Exportation of, or shipping to be carried Coastwise, any Salt Petre, Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms,

or Ammunition, when the Export of the same, or the carrying of the same Coastwise, is prohibited by his Majesty's Royal Proclamation, or Order in Council, by virtue of an Act passed in the twenty- ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Salt Petre, and to enforce the Law for impowering his Majesty to pro- bibit the Exportation of Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms and Ammunition; and also to empower / is Majesty to refrain the carrying Ccajiwife of Salt Petre, Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms or Ammunition :* Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That his Majesty may, by Proclamation or Order in Council, when he shall see Cause, and for such Time as shall be therein expressed, prohibit the exporting, or the attempting to export, Pig Iron, Bar Iron, Hemp, Pitch, Tar, Rofm, Turpentine, Anchors, Cables, Cordage, Mails, Yards, Bowsprits, Oars,

Oakum, Oker, Sheet Copper, and other Naval Stores.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Pig Iron, Bar Iron, Hemp, Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Turpentine, Anchors, Cables, Cordage, Mails, Yards, Bowsprits, Oars, Oakum, Oker, Sheet Copper, and other Naval Stores, which shall be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, or laden or laid on board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of this Kingdom, contrary to any Proclamation of his Majesty, or Order of his Majesty in Council, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs; and all and every Person or Perform offending therein shall forfeit treble the Value of such Naval Stores respectively, as shall be so exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of this Kingdom, or laden or laid on board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, for that Purpose; and such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, together with herGuns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Salt Petre, Gunpowder, Arms, or Ammunition, prohibited by Proclamation or Order of his Majesty in Council, to be carried Coastwise, which shall be shipped or laden on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be carried Coastwise, shall be forfeited in like Manner as such Articles would be forfeited if shipped or laden for the Purpose of being exported out of this Kingdom, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted in like Manner, and the Person or Persons offending therein shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in or on board which any Salt Petre, Gunpowder, Arms, or Ammunition shall be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of this Kingdom, or carried Coastwise, or on board of which such Articles as aforesaid shall respectively be laden or laid for any of the Purposes aforesaid, when the same shall be prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council, to be exported or carried Coastwise, shall be forfeited, together with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

His Majesty may prohibit the exporting of Pig Iron, See,

All Pig Iron, &c. exported Contrary to his Majesty's Proclamation, to be forfeited (with treble the Value), and the Vessel, &c. and may be seized by the Officers of the Customs.

Salt Petre, &c. prohibited to be carried Coastwise, if /hipt for that Purpose, to be forfeited, See,

Vessels on board of which Salt Petre, &c. Quit be exported or carried Coastwise, when prohibited by his Majesty, to be forfeited.

V. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to any of his Majesty's Ships of War, This a a not to or any other Ships or Vessels or Boats in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or employed ex,e,d to Ship* by his Majesty's Board of Ordnance; nor to prevent any Ship or Vessel from taking or having on board War# &c% such Quantities of Naval Stores as maybe necessary for the Use of such Ship or Vessel during the Course of

her intended Voyage; or any Ship or Vessel from taking or having on board by Licence from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for tile Time being, any Arms or Ammunition for the necessary Use or Defence of such Ship or Vessel.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Part of this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, Th-£ a a

by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament. " \,c airered

pealed in the present SeAio*.

290

Preamble;

Order of his Majesty in Coun cil of Nov. 9, 1792, recited.

All fuits for ACis done under the recited Order to be discharged.

if plaintiffs in Actions ptofe-ctlied alter Frb. 6, 1793. become rjonluir, &c. the DHend-mt to rc;over double Cosse,

Defendants in Anions already commenced, may apply to the Court to flop Proceedings, &c.

Until March 1, J793,all Wheat, &c. exported out of Great Britain, or shipped with that Intent, to be forfeited, as also the Vtlfcl, Ac,

C. 3. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

CAP. III.

An Act for indemnifying act Persons who have been concerned in advising and carrying, into Execution an Order of Council respecting the Exportation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, and for making fur-

ther Provisions relative thereto; and also for authorizing his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Potatoes; and to permit the Importation of Corn, Meal, or Flour, on the Low Duties.

WHEREAS his Majesty, by an Order in Council bearing Date the.ninth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, was pleased to order, that no Person or Persons whatever should, from and after the Publication of that Order in the London Gazette, until the first Day of March 6 one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any Port or Place in Great Britain, or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be loaded or laid on board of any Ship or Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any Port or Place in Great Britain, any Wheat or Wheat Flour: And whereas the said Order cannot be justified by Law, but was so much for the Service of the Public, and so necessary for the Safety and Preservation of his Majesty's Subjects, that the same ought to be justified by an Act of Parliament, and all Persons issuing, advising, or acting under or in obedience to the said Order respectively indemnified Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all personal Actions and Suits, Indictments, Informations, and all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing, advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, in relation to the fail Order, or of any Contract or Agreement not performed by reason or by means of, or in obedience to such Order of Counci), be, are, and shall be discharged and made void, by virtue of this Act; and that if any Action or Suit shall be pro-feedtedor commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any such Act, Matter, or Thing, so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, or such Contract or Agreement not performed, he, she, or they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Action or Suit so to be prosecuted or commenced after the sixth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or fuller Discontinuance; or if a Verdict pass against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, tie Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their double Custs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy as in Cases where the Costs by Law are given to the Defendant; and if any such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted after the said sixth. Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before which such Action or Suit shall be commenced shall allow to the Defender the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity hereby provided, and shall lurcher allow him his double Costs ol Suit in all such Cases as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit -hath been already commerced against any Person or Persons for any such Act, Matter, or I hing so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, or on account of any such Contract or Agreement not performed, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendants or Defenders in such Actions or Suits respectively, in whatever Courts in Great Britain such Actions or Suits shall have been commenced, to gpply to such Court or Courts respectively today all Proceedings therein respectively, by Motion in a summary Way, and such Court or Courts are hereby required to make Order for that Purpose accordingly; and the Court or Courts making such Order shall award and allow to the Defendants or Defenders respectively double Costs of Suit, for which they shall respectively have the like Remedy as in Cases where the Costs are by Law given to Defendants or Defenders.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatever (h ill, until the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety- three, directly or indirectly export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any Port or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be loaded or laid on board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of any Port or Place in Great Britain, any heat or W heat Flour, Bread, or Biscuit, under the Penalties and h orfeitures herein after mentioned, that is to say, that all Wheat and Wheat f lour, Bread, or iJijcuit, which shall be fo exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, or so loaded or laid on board in any Ship, or other Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, 01 carried out of the Kingdom of Great Britain contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited, and that every Offender or Offenders therein shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Buftiel of Wheat or Wheat Flour, and twelve Pence for every Pound Weight of Bread or Bifcuu, which shall be lb exported, transported, carried,1 or conveyed, or so loaded or laid on board in any Ship, or other Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of or from the said Kingdom of Great Britain, and also the Ship, Veil'd, or Boat, in or on boa'id of which any such Wheat or

A.D. 1793 Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 3. 291

Wheat Flour, Bread, or Biscuit, shall be so respectively exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, or in or upon which any such Wheat or Wheat Flour, Bread, or Biscuit shall be so respectively loaded or laid, in order to be so exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel shall be forfeited, and shall and may he seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs; and one Moiety of all the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or themwho shall sue for the same; and for Offences which shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called England, such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or where the Value of such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not exceed the Sum of fifty Pounds, the same shall and may be recovered by Information at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Division, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed; and in such Suit no Eflbin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law shall be allowed; and for Offences which shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the same shall and may be recovered by Action or Summary Bill on Information in the Courts of Session or Exchequer in Scotland, or where the Vaiue of such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not exceed the Sum of fifty Pounds, the same shall and may be recovered by Summary Bill on Information at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, by Action in the Sherii For Steward's Court of the County or Stewartry where the Offence shall be committed; and that the Master and Mariners of any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, wherein any such Offence shall be committed, having Knowledge of such Offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and assisting the rein, and being thereof duly convicted in any such Courts respectively as aforesaid, lhaL be imprisoned for the Space of three Months, without Bail or Main prize.*

IV. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit the Exportation of any foreign V/heat or Wheat Flour which shall have been imported into this Kingdom, and warehoused in the Manner and upon the Conditions mentioned in the said before-mentioned Act passed in the thirty first Year of his Majesty's Reign, nor to prohibit the carrying Coastwise, or the carrying out and exporting of Wheat and Wheat Flour, Bread or Biscuit, for any of the Purposes, in like Manner, and in the lame Proportions and Quantities, and from and to the same Ports and Places, as is by the said before-mentioned Aff allowed, at such Times as Wheat and Wheat Flour are prohibited to be exported by reason of the Price of Wheat and Wheat Flour being at or above the Prices mentioned in Table i?, in the said Act contained, subject to the like Securities, Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, Forfeitures and Penalties, as are required and imposed by the said Act, or by any other Act now in force, in any of the Cales aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, until the End of the present Session of Parliament, from Time to Time to prohibit generally, for a limited Time, the Exportation from Great Britain of any Sort of Corn, Aieal or Flour, Bread or Biscuit whatever, or of Potatoes, and in like Manner to permit generally the Importation of foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, subject to either of the Low Duties specified in the Table D, in the said A SI, and in like Manner to recal such Prohibition or Permission, if Circumstances shall appear so to require; and if any Person shall export or import-any Corn, Meal, or Flour, Potatoes, or other Articles herein-before mentioned, contrary to such Prohibition or Permission of his Majesty, by and wdth the Advice of his Privy Council, the Person so exporting or importing the same shall be subject and liable to the like Forfeitures and Penalties, and the said Corn, Meal, and Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Potatoes, and the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be exported or imported, shall be respectively subject and liable to the like Forfeitures as are provided in the Case of any of the said Articles being exported or imported contrary to the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force.

VI. Provided always, That in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to permit the carrying Coastwise, or carrying out, or the Exportation of, the several Sorts of Corn, Meal, or Flour, Bread, or Biscuit, for any of the bur-poses, in like Manner, and in the same Proportions and Quantities, and from and to the said Ports and Places, as is by the said before-mentioned Act allowed, at such Times as any such Corn, Meal, or Flour are prohibited to be exported, by reason of the Price of any such Sort of Corn being at or above the Price mentioned in Table 5, subject to the like Securities, Conditions, Regulations, and Restrichons, Forfeitures, and Penalties, as are required and imposed by the said Act, or by any other Act now in force, in any of the Cases aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this present Act shall and may be altered or repealed by any Act €>r Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to permit Potatoes to be carried Coastwise, or to Ireland^ or as Ship's Stores, under such Securities, Conditions, and Regulations as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall think fit.

Application of Penalties, and huw they are to be recovered.

Milters and miners know*, ina Offences against this Act, and assisting the rein, 0 be i nprisoned,

Fore:on Wheat may be exported, and Wi eat, &c. carried Coast wife, agreeable to 31 Geo. III.

His Majesty 7a Council may, at any Time during the piefi-nt Session, prohibit the Exportation of Corn, &c. and permit the Importation of foreign Corn,

&c.

Co n, &c. exported or imported contrary to such ProhibU lion ot Permis-fi n, to be forfeited, &c.

His Majesty in Council may permit the carrying Coastwise or exporting Corn for the Po.p ,fes mentioned in -31 Geo. III. dec*

This Act may be altered or repealed in the present Sessun* His Majesty in Council may permit Po'atoef to be carried Coastwise, or to Ireland, or as Snip stsret.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III.

292

C. 4.

A.D. 1793.

CAP. IV.

An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS a great and unusual Number of Persons, not being natural-born Subjects of his Majesty, or Denizens, or Persons naturalized by Act of Parliament, have lately referred to this Kingdom: And whereas, under the present Circumstances, much Danger may arise to the publick Tran-

quillity from the Resort and Residence of Aliens, unless due Provision be made in reflect thereof Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, during the Continuance of this Act, the Mailer or Commander of every Ship or Vessel which shall arrive in any Port or Place of this Kingdom, shall, immediately on his Arrival, declare in Writing to the Collector and Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at or near such Port or Place, whether there are, to the bell of his Knowledge, any Foreigners on board his said Vessel j and shall, in his said Declaration, specify the Number of Foreigners, if any, on board his said Vessel, and also specify their Names and respective Rank, Occupation, or Description, as far as he shall be informed thereof.

Matters of Vessels to give to the Officer of the Customs at the Port of Arrival, a written Declaration, spe* cifying the Names, &c. of Foreigners on bond, penalty for Neg-kdof to doing.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter or Commander of every Ship or Vessel, so arriving as aforesaid, who shall neglect or refuse to make such Declaration as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, for each and every Foreigner who shall have been on board at the Time or the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, whom he shall hive wilfully neglected or refused to declare as aforesaid; one Moiety whereof shall be to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place in which such Offence shall have been committed, to be recovered before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the Division, City, Town, or Place, in which such Offence shall have been committed, by the Confession of the Party, or on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and in case such Matter or Commander as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse forthwith to pay such Penalty as he shall be adjudged to pay in Manner aforesaid, that it^ shall and may be lawful for the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, to detain such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, until the same shall have been paid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Alien who shall arrive in any Port or Place of this Kingdom, on or after the tenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety* three, shall, immediately after such Arrival, declare in Writing to the Collector. Comptroller, or other

__________ Chief Officer of the Customs, at or near such Port or Place, his or her Name and Rank, Occupation or

written Declare- Description, or if a Domestick Servant, then also the Name, Rank, Occupation, or Description of his or tion of their her Master or Mistress, or shall verbally make to such Officer as aforesaid such Declaration, to be by him

Names, Rank, - ~ 7

Sec*

Aliena neglecting to make such Declaration, &c. to be adjudged to depart out of the

Application of Penalty, and how recoverable.

On Nonpayment of Penalty, the Vessel may be detained.

Aliens arming otter Jan. io, 1793> the Port Officer of the Customs a

IICl IVidUCI VI IVXllllvO, VI III41I YvIl/dClij lUdJXt IUvU WU1V.WI luyiWIdlU IUVU XVWWUUAUvl 1, kU Uv uy uuu

reduced to Writing; and shall also in like Marnier declare the Country or Countries. Place or Places where he or she shall have principally redded for six Calendar Months next immediately preceding such Arrival: And that every such Alien who shall neglect to make Declaration of the aforesaid Particulars, or who shall wilfully make any false Declaration thereof, shall, for every such Offence, on Conviaioo thereof in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, or Great Sessions, or Judiciary Court in Scotland!, be adjudged to depart out of this Realm, and all other. his Majesty's Dominions, within a Time to be limited in such Judgement; and if be or (he shall be found

ypncompiUw* therein after such Time in such Judgement so limited, without lawful Cause, he or she shall, bong duly to be iraosport' convicted thereof, be transported for Life.

ed for Life.

Aliens to but.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Alien (o arriving as aforesaid, from the officer shall obtain from the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer i>f the Customs (and such Officers are of the Customs, hereby respectively required to deliver the same) a Certificate of his or her Declaration, made in Writing or verbally, containing all the Particulars in such Declaration contained.

a Certificate of their federations.

Act not to «. V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. Hut nothing herein-before cCTdfiedbj^ the* contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Mariner^ whom the Master or Commander of any

Matter to the Officer of the Cattrass.

Ship or Vessel, arriving in any Port or Place in Great, shall certify to such Collector, Comptroller,

or other Chief Officer of the Customs, in Writing, subscribed by such Master or Commander, to be actually engaged and employed in the Navigation of such Ship or Vessel, during the Time that such Mariner shall remain so actually engaged and employed; and which Certificate in Writing, so subscribed as aforesaid, every such Master or Commander as aforesaid is hereby required to give.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Alien so arriving to import or bring into this Kingdom, any Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition what-ever, other than as Merchandize, subject to the Laws now in force respecting the Importation of such a Merchandise, Arms or Ammunition respectively as Merchandize', and that it shall be lawful for any of his Majesty's «. be feised. Officers of the Customs to taka into his or their Custody any Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition which shall be attempted to be imported or brought into this Kingdom, in any Manner contrary.to this Act, taking an Account thereof; which Account shall specify the Persons by whom the same were respectively brought; and that such Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition shall be, and shall remain.at the King's Disposal.

Arms, &c. attempted to be imported by Aliena, except

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 4.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think it necessary for the Safety or Tranquillity of the Kingdom, by his or their Proclamation or Order in Council, todire£t that Aliens of any Description therein contained (not being Alien Merchants within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act) shall not be landed in this Kingdom, or shall not be landed, except at such Places, and under such Regulations, as shall be in such Proclamation or Order expressed, then and in every such Case the Mailer or Commander of every Ship or Vessel, or Boat, having any such Alien or Aliens on board, shall not suffer any such Alien or Aliens to land within any Part -'of this Kingdom, contrary to such Proclamation or Order in Council, unless by the express Permission of his Majesty, signified under the Hand of one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and every such Matter or Commander wilfully neglecting to conform to any of the Directions or Regulations contained in such Proclamation or Order, shall forfeit fifty Pounds for every Alien so landed, to be recovered before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, ore Moiety thereof to be to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Paritti where such C)ffence shall be committed, and such Ship or Vessel from on board of which any such Alien or Aliens shall so land, and every other Vessel or Boat used in landing any such Alien or Aliens, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and the same shall respectively be forfeited, together with all Tackle, Apparel, Ammunition, and Furniture, thereunto respectively belonging.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Alien so arriving shall depart from the Place in which he or she shall have so arrived, except for the Purpose of making such Declaration as herein-before required to the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs as aforesaid, or for the Purpose of obtaining such Passport as is herein after mentioned, without previously obtaining a Passport from the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of such Place, or from one Justice of Peace for the County or District in which the same may be situated; in which Passport shall be expressed the Name and Rank, Occupation or Description, of such Alien, as declared by him or her to such Officer of the Customs as aforesaid, and also the Town and Place to which such Alien purposes to go; and such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice, is hereby required to give such Passport on Application made to him for that Purpose, on Produdiion of the Certificate of his or her Declaration as aforesaid, provided that such Town or Place, to which such Alien purposes to go, shall not be a Town or Place from which such Alien is restrained from going by any such Proclamation or Order as is herein mentioned, and provided that such Alien shall not have landed in this Kingdom contrary to any such Proclamation or Order in Council as is herein mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Alien, except the domestick Servants of any of his Majesty's natural-born Subjects, or such as shall have had Letters Patent of Denization, or been naturalized by Act of Parliament, being actually attendant on their respective Matters, who shall have arrived in this Kingdom since the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or who shall arrive therein at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, shall be desirous to change the Place of his or her usual Residence, or to quit the Town or Place at which such Alien shall have arrived by virtue of his or her first Passport, such Alien shall obtain from the Mayor or Chief Magistrate, or any Justice of the Peace for the County, Town, Place, or District, in which such Alien shall be resident, a Passport, in which shall be expressed the Name and Description of such Alien in the Manner herein-before provided, and also, unless such Alien shall be an Alien Merchant, the Name of the Town or Place to which such Alien shall propose to remove; and such Mayor, Chief Magistrate, or Justice, is hereby required to give such Passport, on Application made to him for that Purpose by such Alien: Provided always, That every such Alien shall, at the Time of making such Application, exhibit to such Magistrate or Justice the Passport, by virtue of whion such Alien arrived in such Country, District, Town, or Place in which he or she shall be resident, or, if such Alien shall not have arrived therein by virtue of any Passport, a Certificate from the Magistrate or Justice, or other Person to whom such Alien shall have ddivered an Account of his or her Name and Description, in the Manner herein after provided.

X. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice, upon due Examination upon Oath of such Alien, and also, if necessary, of any other Person or Persons, that such Alien is an Alien Merchant, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, it shall not be necessary to express in such Passport the Name of the Town or Place to which such Alien shall proposq to remove, but the same shall describe such Alien to be an Alien Merchant within the true Intent and Meaning of this A6i, and give full Liberty to such Alien Merchant to pass and re-pafsto and from all Parts of this Kingdom.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor or Chief Magistrate, or for any Justice of Peace of any County, City, Town, Place, or District within this Kingdom, to require of any Alien who shall have arrived in this Kingdom after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or shall arrive at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, except such domestick Servants as aforesaid, and who shall be patting through or be found in such County, City, Town, Place, or District, to exhibit to such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justrce, his or her Passport, which he or she is hereby required to exhibit accordingly, and in Default thereof, or in case it shall appear thereby that such Alien not being therein described as an Alien Merchant, in the Manner in this Act mentioned, is not in his or her Way to such Town or Place as is therein expressed, and such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice shall fee Cause to suspect that such Alien is not bona fide proceeding to such Town or Place as aforesaid, or in case such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice shall fee Cause to fulpeCl that such Alien landed in this Kingdom contrary to any such Proclamation or Order in Council, as is herein mentioned, such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice may commit such Alien to the Common Gaol, or other

293

If his Majesty in Council shall di-rest thar Al ens of any Description shall not tie landed, or only at prefer i bed Plates, Madera offending liable to Penalty.

Penalty, and how applied and recoverable.

VrfT Is bringing such Aliens forfeited, &c«

No Aliens to de-part from the Place of Arrival, (except for the Purposes herein specified), with* out a Passport, to be granted on the Conditions herein mentioned.

Aliens, (except domedick Servants of natural-born Subjects, &c.) arrived since Jan. t, 179?, or arriving during the Continuance of this Act, desirous to change their Abode, or the Place of their Arrival, must obtain a Passport, which shall be given cn exhibiting the Documents here.n specified.

Magistrates may grant Passports to Alien Merchant^ to pass to and from all Parrs of the Kingdom.

Magistrates may require of any Alien as af< re-said, to exhibit his Passport, and in certain Cases may detain him till his Majesty's Commands may be recrivedj and if his Majesty shall not irr& him to be discharged, or to depart the Realm, may

294 C. 4.. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

commit him to Prison.

Publick Prison, or detain such Alien in such Custody as such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice may think proper, until Notice thereof be lent, by such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice, to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, which Notice such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice is hereby required forthwith to transmit, and until sufficient Time shall have been allowed for the Transmission of his Majesty's Commands thereupon; and unless his Majesty shall thereupon, wunin ten Days in England, or fourteen Days in Scotland, signity his Pleasuie that such Alien shall be discharged, or shall direct, in Manner herein after mentioned, that Inch Alien shall depart the Realm, it shall and may be lawful for such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice, to cause such Alien to be committed to the Common Gaol, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or fne shall be delivered by due Coune of Law.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Alien whom his Majesty shall not so signify his Pleasure to discharge, who shall have refuted to exhibit his or her Passport, or who shall have been found not bona fide proceeding to the Town or Place therein expressed, or who shall have wilfully landed in this Kingdom contrary to any Proclamation or Order in Council herein mentioned, and who shall be lawfully convicted thereof in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or any Court of Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, or Great Sessions, or Court of Judiciary in Scotland, shall be adjudged to suffer Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding one Month, and at the Expiration of the said Term to depart out of the Realm within a Time to be limited in such Judgement; and if such Alien shall be found therein after such Time in such Judgement so limited, without lawful Cause, such Alien shall, being duly convicted, be transported for Lite.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or shall utter, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any such Passport or Certificate as are by this Act directed, or shall obtain such PaUborl* or Certificate under any other Name or Description than that which he or she shall have declared to such Custom House Officer, or to any such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice as are herein mentioned, or shall falsely pretend to be the Person mentioned in such Passport or Certificate, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, on Conviction thereof in his Alajesty's Court of King's Bench, or any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery or Great Sessions, or in the Judiciary Court in Scotland, be adjudged to be imprisoned, and shall be imprisoned in the Common Gaol for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, and at the Expiration of that Time to depart out of this Realm, within a Time to be limited by such Judgement; and if such Person or Persons be found therein after such Time in such Judgement so limited, without lawful Cause, he or she shall, being duly convicted, be transported for Life.

Notice of tht

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Notices of the several Regulations

Regulation* herein-before contained shall be printed indifferent Languages, and shall be affixed in publick Places in the herein com lined different Ports of this Kingdom, and shall also be delivered by the Custom House Officers to all Foreigners to se print d m on their Arrival in any Port of this Kingdom, in every Case in which it can conveniently be done; but that d forem L*a- jt not \yZ necessory for the Conviction of any Alien offending against this Act to prove such personal »ffi1fedV"the Delivery of the said Notices.

Port* ind delivered to Foreigners on their Arrival j but such Delivery not necessary for Conviction of Offendrrs.

Alien* who:p

his Majestr frail T>r»c order to be dif^-haryed, shall, on Conv:£lion, he i*i pufoned, tc.

Penalty on Perform forg'ng, Stc. P*il>ort* or (so-tirica ti.

A lie i* not departing ihe Realm when ordered by hi* Maso>y's Pio-clam^tion, m»y be committed to Gaol.

Penalty tm Aliens disobeying Proclamations.

Secretary of State may grant Warrants to conduct out of the Kingdom Aliens he shall ap rehen i will not obey Proclamation!, &c.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall, by his or their Proclamation, or by his or their Order in Council, or Order under his or their Sign Manual, direct that any Alien being, or who may hereafter arrive within this Realm during the Continuance of this Act, shall depart this Realm within a Time limited in such Proclamation or Orders respectively, and any Alien shall knowingly neglect or refuse to pay due Obedience to such Proclamation or Orders respectively, or shall be found in this Kingdom contrary to such Proclamation or Orders, as the Case may be, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or for any Justice of the Peace, or for any Mayor or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, to cause every such Alien, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, to be arrested and to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he or (lie shall be so arrested, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or she shall be delivered by due Course of Law.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Alien fo disobeying or knowingly neglecting to pay due Obedience to such Proclamation or Orders respectively, or being found in this Kingdom contrary to such Proclamation or Orders respectively, who shall be lawfully convicted thereof in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, or Great Sessions, or Court of Judiciary in Scotland, shall be adjudged to fufter Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding one Month, and at the Expiration of the said Term to depart out of the Realm, within a Time to be limited by such Judgement, and if such Alien shall be found therein, after such Time in such Judgement so limited,' without lawful Cause, such Alien shall, being duly convicted, be transported for Life.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, in Cases where he shall apprehend that immediate Obedience will not be paid to such Proclamation, or Orders respectively, as aforesaid, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to give such Alien in Charge to one of his Majesty's Mdlengers, or to such other Person or Persons to whom he shall think proper to direct such Warrant, in order to his or her being conducted out of the Kingdom, in such Manner as shall be suitable to his or her Rank and Situation; and that in case any Excule shall be alleged by any such Alien for not complying with such Proclamation or Orders respectively* it shall and may be lawful for the Lords of his Majesty's Privy Council to judge of the Validity of such Excuse, and to allow or disallow the same; and luen Alien shall remain in the Custody of such Messenger, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, until the Lords of his Majesty's Privy Council shall have signified their Determination thereupon.

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 4.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by his or their Proclamation, or Order , in Council, or Order under the Royal Sign Manual, to order and direct any Alienor Aliens who shall have arrived within this Kingdom since the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or who shall arrive therein during the Continuance of this Act, other than Alien Merchants, and the domestick Servants of any of his Majesty's natural-born Subjects, or of such as shall have had Letters Patent of Denization, or been naturalized by Act of Parliament, ailually and bona fide employed in the Service of their respective Masters, to dwell and reside respectively in such District or Distriits as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think necessary for the publick Security; and if any such Alien, except as herein-before excepted, being so ordered and directed, shall dwell or shall be found to be or have been in any Part of this Kingdom, other than such District or Districts as aforesaid, in Breach of such Proclamation or Orders respectively, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State., or for any Justice of Peace, or any such Mayor or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, to cause such Alien to be arrested, and if it shall appear to such Principal Secretary of State, or to such Justice, Mayor, or Chief Magistrate, that such Alien did knowingly and wilfully depart but of such District or Distriits, in Breach of such Proclamation or Orders respectively, such Alien shall be committed to the Common Gaol, there to be detained, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or she shall be delivered by due Course of Law: And if any such Alien, except as herein-before excepted, shall be duly convicted in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, or Great Sessions, or Court of Justiciary in Scotland, of knowingly and wilfully dwelling or residing, or being found to be, or of having been in any Place in this Kingdom in Breach of such Proclamation or Orders respectively as aforesaid, he or she shall be adjudged to be imprisoned, and shall be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding one Month.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Alien who shall be in this Kingdom on the tenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and who shall have arrived within this Kingdom since the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, except such domestick Servants as aforesaid, shall within ten Days from and after the tenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and that every Alien arriving in this Kingdom after the tenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, except such domestick Servants as aforesaid, shall, within ten Days after his or her arriving at the Place which shall be expressed in his or her Passport as aforesaid, as the Place to which he or she proposes to go, deliver to the Chief Magistrate of the Town or Place in which he or she shall be; and if there be no Chief Magistrate in such Town or Place, then, and in such Case, to some one of the Justices of the Peace in and for the County or District in which such Alien shall be, or to such Person or Persons as shall be authorized to that Effect by such Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the Case may be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, a full and true Account in Writing, of his or her Name and Rank, Occupation or Description, and also of his or her Place of Abode, specifying the Street and Number (if any such there be), in and at which he or she shall then be dwelling, and of the Length of Time during which he or she shall have been resident within this Kingdom, and the Place or Places of his or her principal Residence during six Months immediately preceding his or her delivering such Account: And that it shall also be lawful for any Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any City, Town, or Place, or for any Justice of the Peace for any County or District, to require of any such Alien as aforesaid, except Alien Merchants, and except such domestick Servants as aforesaid, who shall be within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, such an Account as is before-mentioned; and such Mayor, Magistrate, Justice, or Person, authorized as aforesaid, is hereby required to give a Certificate to such Alien, on Application for that Purpose, which Certificate shall specify the Particulars of the Account so delivered by such Alien; and in case any such Alien shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Account as aforesaid, in any of the Cases herein-before mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to cause every Alien so neglecting or refusing to be arrested and committed to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or she shall be delivered by due Course of Law: And that every such Alien as aforesaid, who shall so neglect or refuse to deliver such Account, or who shall wilfully deliver any false Account to such Magistrate or Justice respecting any of the Particulars hereinbefore mentioned, shall, on Conviction thereof, in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, or Great Sessions, or the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, be adjudged, for the first Offence, to fufter imprisonment for any Time not exceeding one Month, and for the second Offence, shall be adjudged to depart out of this Realm, within a Time to be limited in such judgement; and if Inch Alien shall be found therein, after such Time so limited in such Judgement, without lawful Cause, he or she shall, being duly convicted, be transported for Life.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any such Chief Magistrate, or such Justice, shall have Cause to suspect that any such Alien who may arrive or be within the Limits of his or their respective Jurisdiction, and who ought, in pursuance of this Act, to deliver any such Account as is herein-before mentioned, has neglected or refused to deliver such Account, it shall be lawful for such Magistrate or Justice to summon before him the Person so iufpedted, in order to be examined touching ti.c Premises; and also to examine upon Oath such other Persons as may be competent to give Evidence hereupon, and upon Refusal or Neglect to obey such Summons, to cause such Person to be arrested, and brought before him for the Purpose above-mentioned.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thtft it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, Mayor, or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, by Notice in Writing under their Hands respectively, to be left at the Dwelling House of any Housekeeper within the Division, City, Town, or

295

His Majesty may order any Alien arrived since Jan. 1, 1792, or arriving during the Continuance of this Act, to reside in such Dif-tiiffc a? he shall think proper. Penalty for Disobedience.

Aliens in the Kingdom on Jan. 10, 1793, who arrived sincejan.l,i792t or, those arriving after Jan. 10, 1793, to deliver within the Time herein mentioned an Account of their Nanr.ee, &c.

Magistrates may require such Accounts, and to give Certificates thereof

and may commit A liens neglecting to give Accounts.

Penalty for neglecting to give Accounts, or givingfUfe ones#

Magistrate* may fuoun >n Aliena fnipecttc; of :iot having delivered Accounts, and may arrest them for Non compliance.

Magistrate? may require of Housekeepers an Account jf th-

296

Names, &c. of Aliens residing with them, &c.

Penalty on H >u f* k epers for Neg'.ttt.

Application of Penalty.

Copies of Account delivered to Custom House Officer', &c. and of Taflports and Certificates. granted by Magistrates, to be tr; The Justices of the Courts at Westminster,

&c. may admit Aliens to Bailj

as may also any Justice, by Authority of the Secretary of State.

Aliens within the Times herein specified, to give an Account of all Weapons, &c. in their Possession, and deliver up the Time fco a Magistrate.

Penalty for neglecting to give, or giving a fa lie Account, &c»

Magistrates may require Aliens resident in their Jurisdictiofis, or patting through the same, to deliver up Weapons, dec.

C. 4. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Place, in and for which such Justice, Mayor, or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid shall act, to require of such Housekeeper an Account in Writing, within a Time to be limited in such Notice, to be subscribed with the Name of such Housekeeper, of the Names, Rank, and Occupation of all such Aliens as may be resident in his or her Dwelling House, as far as the same shall have come to his or her Knowledge, together with an Account of the Length of Time during which such Aliens respectively shall have been so resident in his or her Dwelling House, or if no such Alien shall be resident therein, then in like Manner he or she shall certify the same; and if any such Housekeeper shall neglect or refuse to return such Account or Certificate as is hereby required, or shall return a false Account or Certificate, every such Housekeeper, being lawfully convicted thereof by his or her Confession, or on the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses* shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Alien who shall be proved to have been a Lodger or Inmate in such Dwelling House as aforesaid, either at the Time when such Notice as aforesaid was left at his or her Dwelling House, or at the Time of returning such Account or Certificate, and whom he or she shall have wilfully neglected to return in such Account; and in case there shall be, or have been, no Alien in his or her Dwelling House at such Time respectively, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered in Manner aforesaid; one Moiety of such Penalties respectively to be to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place in which such Dwelling House shall be situate.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Custom House Officer, Magistrate, or Justice as aforesaid, shall, with all convenient Diligence, transmit to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, Copies of all such Accounts in Writing, as shall be delivered to such Custom: House Officer, Magistrate, or Justice, by virtue of this Act, and also of all such Passports and Certificates as shall be issued by such Magistrate or Justice by virtue of this Act, keeping such Accounts, Passports, and Certificates, as far as may be, from being made publick.

nsmitted to one of the Secretaries of State.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Case in which Power is given by this Act to commit any Alien to the Common Gaol without Bail or Mainprize* until delivered by due Course of Law, it shall and maybe lawful for any of the Justices of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or for any of the Barons of the Exchequer, being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Lord Justice Clerk, or any of the Commissioners of Judiciary in Scotland, if, upon Application made*, he shall see sufficient Cause to presume that such Person is not within the Description limited by this Act in the different Cases herein mentioned, to admit such Person to Bail, he or she giving sufficient Security for his or her Appearance to answer the Matters alledged against him or her.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to admit any Alien to Bail who shall have been committed by virtue of this Act, such Justice being authorized so to do by Warrant of one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for that Purpose, specifying the Security to be taken by such Justice.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Aliens who shall have arrived in this Kingdom since the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall, if within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bone, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, on the tenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; or if out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or of the several Parishes aforesaid, within ten Days from the said tenth Day of January; and every Alien who shall arrive therein after the tenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall, within ten Days after his or their Arrival, give to some neighbouring Magistrate a full and true Account of all Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition which shall be in their respective Possession, or in the Possession of others for or at their Use or Disposal, and shall, within three Days from such Notice, deliver tip to such Magistrate all such Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition, except such only for the keeping of which they shall have obtained Licence under the *Hand and Seal of one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, during the Time such Licence shall be in force; and that it shall not be lawful for any such Alien, subsequent to the Delivery of such Account, to buy or to have in his or her Possession, or in the Possession of others for or at his or her Use or Disposal, any Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition, except as herein-before excepted: And that any such Person wilfully neglecting to give such Account, or giving a false Account, or wilfully neglecting to deliver up such Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition, or forging, counterfeiting, or altering, or causing to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or uttering, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any such Licence* or buying or knowingly having in his or her Possession, or in the Possession of others for or at his or her Use or Disposal, any other Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition, contrary to this Act, shall* on Conviction, in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, or Great Sessions, or Justiciary Court in Scotland, be adjudged to depart out of this Realm, within a Time to be limited in such Judgement; and if he or she shall be found therein after such Time in the Judgement so limited, without lawful Cause, he or she shall, being duly convicted, be transported for Life.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice as aforesaid, from Time to Time, to require any such Alien as aforesaid, who shall have arrived within this Kingdom since the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or who shall arrive therein during the Continuance of this ACi, and who shall be within the Jurisdiction of such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice, or who shall pass through the same, to deliver

e

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 4.

upto such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice, all Weapons, Arms, Gunpowderf or Ammunition, which may be in his or her Possession, or in the Possession of others for or at his ocher Use or Disposal (except by virtue of such Licence as aforesaid); and in case of Re/ufal it shall be lawful for such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice, to take into his or their Custody, any such Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition, and the same shall be and remain at the King's Disposal; and that any such Alien refusing to deliver up such Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition, or concealing the same after such Requisition so made as aforesaid, shall, on Conviction in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, or Great Sessions, or Judiciary Court in Scotland, be adjudged to depart out of this Realm, within a Time to be limited in such Judgement; and if he or (lie shall be found therein, after such Time in such Judgement so limited, without lawful Cause, he or she shall, being duly convicted, be transported for Life.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or for any two Justices of the Peace, or any Mayor or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, by Warrant under their respective Hands and Seals, to cause any House, rented or occupied by any Aliens as aforesaid, except Alien Merchants, and except Aliens who have been resident in this Kingdom continually for the Space of two Years previous to the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety; and also any House in which any such Alien (except as herein excepted) shall be a Lodger or Inmate, such Inmate not being a domediclc Servant of any of his Majesty's natural-born Subjects, or Persons who shall have had Letters Patent of Denization, or been naturalized by Act of Parliament, resident in such House, to be searched in the Day Time, and in the Presence of a Peace Officer, in order to discover whether any Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition be therein, and to cause to be seized all such Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition as shall therein be found belonging to such Alien, or being for or at his Use or Disposal, except such Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition, whereof he maybe in Possession by virtue of such Licence as is herein-before mentioned; and such Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition so seized, shall be at the King's Disposal.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such Secretary of State, or such Justice, Mayor, or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, to require any Housekeeper, in whose Dwelling House any Alien shall be a Lodger or Inmate, by Notice in Writing under their Hands and Seals respectively, to be left at such Dwelling House, an Account in Writing, to be subscribed with the Name of such Housekeeper, of all Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition which shall be in such Dwelling House for or at the Use or Disposal of such Alien, within a Time to be limited in such Notice, or a Certificate, subscribed in like Manner, that none of the Articles aforesaid are therein to be found, as the Case may be; and that every such Housekeeper neglecting or refusing to return such Account as aforesaid, or who shall knowingly either return a false Account of the Particulars aforesaid, or falsely certify that none of the Particulars aforesaid are therein, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and if he or she shall neglect or refuse to make such Certificate as aforesaid, although none of the Particulars aforesaid be therein, he or she shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; such Penalties to be respectively recovered before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; one Moiety whereof respectively shall be to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place in which such Dwelling House shall be situate.

XXIX. And be *it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, whenever he or they shall deem it necessary for the Public Safety, to send out of this Realm any Alien as aforesaid, who shall have been committed to any Gaol by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or Justice of the Peace, Mayor or Chief Magistrate respectively, in Manner herein mentioned, or who shall be imprisoned in Execution of any Sentence passed upon such Alien for any Offence against this Act, or who shall have been admitted to Bail.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Alien sent out of this Realm by Command of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall return, and be found at large within this Realm, every such Alien shall, on Conviction thereof in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, or Great Sessions, or in the Judiciary Court of Scotland, be adjudged to be transported for Life.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases concerning the Execution of this Act, when any Question shall arise whether any Person is or is not an Alien born, not having obtained Letters Patent of Denization, nor having been naturalized by Act of Parliament; or whether such Alien i$ or is not an Alien Merchant; or whether such Alien did or did not arrive in this Kingdom, on or before the fird Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; or did or did not reside therein for two Years continually previous to the fird Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety; or is or is not such a domestick Servant as aforesaid; the Proof of being a natural-born Subject of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of being a Denizen by Letters Patent, or of Naturalization by Act of Parliament, or of being an Alien Merchant, or of having arrived within this Kingdom on or before the fird Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or of having continually been resident for two Years previous to the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety, or of being such a domestick Servant as aforesaid, shall lie upon the Person touching whom such Question shall so arise.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be deemed an Alien Merchant within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, except such Person as shall be bona /r/r engaged in carrying on Trade or Commerce, by exporting or importing Merchandize from or into tins Kingdom, seeking his or her Living thereby; or such Person as having been bona fide engaged in Trade or Commerce

0.1" iii

297

Penalty for Refusal.

Secretary of Stale, &c. may grant Warrant! for fearebing the Houses of Aliere* &c.for Weapons,

and may require

from House-kerpera where Aliens shall lodge, an Account of Weaponr, &c. therein, 6cc.

Penalty fcf Neglect, or for returning a fAfe Account, &c.

How Penalties are to be recovered and applied.

His Majesty may send out of the Realm any Aliencommitted to Gaol, &c. 5

andifhebe found therein he shall be adjudged to be transported for Life.

In all Questions respecting Offences against this Atf, the Proof to lie on the Party accused.

Who shall be deemed Alien Merchants.

298

No foreign Ambassadors, &c. to be deemed Aliens.

Act not to extend to Aliens »3t more than 14 Years old.

Certificates, &c# to be given gratis*

Frefli Passports or Certificates may be granted for lost ones, &c.

Persons adjudged to be transported, to

be sent to such Places as his Majesty in Council shall appoint.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person ordered or adjudged to be transported, shall be found at large within this Realm after Sentence of Transportation pronounced, he shall be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful for any. Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any pecuniary Penalties shall be recovered in pursuance of this Act, in calc the same shall not be forthwith paid, to award and issue Warrants of Distress respectively, for the levying of such pecuniary Penalties upon the Goods and Chattels of any Offender or Offenders, and to cause Sale to be made of such Goods and Chattels, if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen Days, rendering to such Offender or Offenders the Overplus (if any there be), and for want of sufficient Distress toim-prison the Party offending till Satisfaction be made; and that if cither Party think him or themselves aggrieved by any Judgement or Order to be given or made by any Justice of the Peace acting in pursuance of this Act, touching any pecuniary Penalty relating to the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to appeal from the same to the Justices assembled embled at the next General or Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County, Shire, or Stewartry, where such Judgement or Order shall have been made, who shall finally determine the same; and no Writ of Certhrjri shall be allowed, ta remove the Proceedings of the said Justices, touching the pecuniary Penalties aforesaid.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Party or Parties so appealing as aforesaid, shall give Notice in Writing, by the Space of six Days next before such Sessions, shall be holden as aforesaid, unto the other Party or Parties, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and that it shall and may be lawful for such Justices so assembled to award Costs to either Party, as they shall in their discreton think fit, to be levied by \ Variant of the said Justices, or any two or more of them, on the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties against whom the same shall be awarded: Provided, also, That in case there be not the Space of six Days between the first Judgement or Order of any Justice or Justices and the Quarter or General Sessions then next following, that then such Appeal may be made at the iecond General or Quarter Sessions after such Judgement or Order made.

justice and the nrct Session, the Appeal may be made at the Iecond.

Persons ordered to be transported, to suffer Death, if found within the Realm. Penalties may be levied by Distress.

Parties aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Scaio'13.

No Writ of Certiorari to be allowtd.

Parties appealing to give six Days previous Notice.

Justices ki Sef-ir>n may award Costs.

11 there be not six Days between the Order of the

C. 4. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

in foreign Parts, and continuing engaged in such Trade or Commerce, or being employed as Agent or Factor by any such Person in foreign Parts, shall resort to this Kingdom, bona fide, for the Purpose of transacting the Business of the said Trade or Commerce in which such Person in foreign Parts shall have been and shall be so engaged as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no foreign Ambassador, nor other

Kublick Minister duly authorized, nor the domestick Servants of any such foreign Ambassador, or publick dinifter, registered as such according to the Directions of the Laws now in force, or being actually attendant upon such Ambassador or Minister, nor Aliens born who shall have had Letters Patent of Denization, or who shall have been naturalized by Act of Parliament, shall be deemed Aliens within the Meaning of this Act.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall affect any Alien, in respect of any Act done or omitted, who shall make it appear that he or she was not above the Age of fourteen Years at the Time of such Act done or omitted.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Certificates, Passports, Notices, and Licences, herein-before required to be given by any Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or other Magistrates respectively, shall be given without any Fee or Reward whatsoever.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any PaiTport or Certificate, issued to any Alien by virtue of this Act, shall be loft, mislaid, or destroyed, and such Alien shall produce to one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, from the Office of one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, a Copy of the Passport or Certificate so loft, mislaid, or destroyed, and shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice, that he or she is the Person named in such Passport or Certificate, and that the same has been loft, mislaid, or destroyed, without his or her wilful Neglect or Default, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required to grant to such Alien a fresh PaiTport or Certificate, which shall be of the like Force and Eftest as the PaiTport or Certificate so loft, mislaid, or destroyed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases in which any Person-shall be adjudged to be transported, the Transportation shall he adjudged to be, and shall be, to such Place or Places as his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, shall direct or appoint.

Limitation of Actions. Central Iifue.

Double Costa,

vr 1 And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any 4" 4 r ...nferuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of or by Colour ime be sued or pr or therein contained, such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced,

of this Act, 01 ? ‘ Months next after the Offence shall be committed, and such Person or Persons shall

withm and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if

and may plead tl.t O for ^Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become

up°,} rial a Ve dist IP* J tojr mProsecution, or if Judgement be given for the Defendant or

DetnSanls^ ^on^DeSeT or otherwise, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs to him or them awarded against the Plaintitt or Plaintiffs.

4

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 4, 5. 299

XLII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions therein contained, may

be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitants oT any Parish, Township, or Place, shall be deemed and taken to be competent Witnesses for the Purpose of proving the Commission of any Offence against this Act, within the Limits of such Parish, Township, or Place, notwithstanding any Part of the Penalty, incurred by such Offence, is given or applicable to the Poor of such Parish, Township, or Place.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall have Continuance until the first Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

This Act may be

altered or repealed in the present Session. Fari/hioners may be Witnesses, though Parc of the Penalty be given to the Poor of the Parish.

Continuance of Act.]

CAP. V.

An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver, upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it may be reasonable to extend the Benefits of an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, of glorious Memory,

intituled, 32 Ge°*ir;

4. An Act for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who CaP*

shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of and deliver, upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit, to several Persons who have neglected or shall neglect to take the Benefit of the same, within the Time limited in the said Act, and also to several Persons who were not entitled to any Benefit under the said Act P Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person now or hereafter in Execution for any Sum Persons charged. or Sums of Money not exceeding three hundred Pounds shall be entitled to such Relief as by an Act passed in Execution for I In the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of Debtors, ^U *d i n " °- 00 f to with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in b^entkledTo the Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of Relief of re-and deliver, upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit, is granted to Persons charged in Execution cited Act for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person now in Execution for any Persons now in

Sum or Sums of Money exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and not exceeding the Sum of three ^xccution hundred Pounds, shall be entitled to such Relief, notwithstanding the Time limited by the said Act for such a^dnoc"5 Person to apply is or may be expired, provided such Person shall make such Application at any Time be- exceeding 300l. fore the End of Easter "i erm next. making Appli-

cation before the End of Easter Term entitled to like Relief.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Creditor or Creditors, his, her, Debtors in Exe-

or their Executors or Administrators, at whose Suit any Debtor shall be charged in Execution for any Sum cmi m for Sums or Sums not exceeding the Sum of three hundred Pounds, shall have such Remedy, by compelling such »ot exceeding Debtor<0 deliver up his or her Estate and Effects for the Benefit of his or her Creditors, as is provided by com^ciTcYtode the before recited Act, in Cases where the Sum for which such Debtor shall be in Execution docs not ex- jTrPup\hcirC" ceed the Sum of one hundred Pounds. Efofts.

IV. And whereas mmy Persons are often committed on Attachments, for not paying Money awarded Persons com- to be paid under Submissions to Aroitration by Rules of Court, or under Submissions to Arbitration Bonds* mined on Ac- and which Submissions have been made Rules of the Court, in pursuance of an Act passed in the ninth tachments for

and tenth Years of the Reign of William the Third, for determining Differences by Arbitration, and awarded b"

likewise for not paying of Coffs, duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, after proper AibU^tlon, &c.

Demands made for that Purpose, and also upon any Writ of Excommunicato Capiendo, or other Process to ie entitled to for or grounded on the Nonpayment of Coffs or Ex peaces in any Cause or Proceeding in any Ecclesiastical the Dentfic of Court p it is hereby declared and enacted, That all such Persons are and shall be entitled to the Benefit of thl1 this Act, and subject to the same Terms and Conditions as are herein expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only. Debtors who,

V. And be it further enacted, That where any Debtor as aforesaid shall have neglected or shall neglect fr0" ignorance

to take the Benefit of the said Act or of this Act, within the Time limited by the said Act or this Act, have not taken and shall make it appear to the Court out of which such Execution issued, that such Neglect arose from tnc j{cnefic ot Ignorance or Miffake, such Debtor shall then be entitled to take the Benefit of the said Act or of this Act, tbs recited or asifheorlhe had taken the same within the Time by the said Act or this Act so limited as aforesaid: this Act in Provided always, That it shall be lawful for any Creditor or Creditors, at whole Suit any Debtor shall be enllt,e(i

so in Execution as aforesaid, to file Interrogatories for the Examination of such Prisoner, before his or her Creditors may being admitted to take the Benefit of this or the before-recited Act: Provided always, That this Act shall fiie imcrrogi-

JlOt toxics for P/i-

300 C. 5 - 8. Anno tricesimo.tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

foners to ah# fwer.

Act not to extend to Debts due to the Crown, 8rc. Continuance of Act.

not extend to any Debt or Debts that may be owing to the Crown, nor shall it affect any Proceeding which at any Time may be lawfully had under or by virtue of any Commission of Bankrupt: Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: Provided also, That this Act shall continue and be in force for five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

[Preamble.]

The Families of Militia Men chosen by Lot ordered to march on actual Service to receive a weekly Allowance out of the Poor Rates, to be reimbursed out of the County Stock.

County Treasurer reimbursing such weekly Allowances to Families of Militia Men serving for other Places than where the Families reside, to deliver an Account to the Treasurer of the County where the Person shall serve, who shall pay the same.

Joftiees ordering Relief to Families of Substitutes not serving f«r the Parities where their Families dwell, to

CAP. VI.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore-

CAP. VII.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

[4l. in the £.]

CAP. VIII.

An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving the rein\ and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament pafifed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England,

WHEREAS the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia, as well as the Families of Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers, and of Substitutes, hired Men, or Volunteers serving the re-

in, when embodied and called out in actual Service, and ordered to march, may become chargeable to 1 the Parishes whereunto they belong: And whereas no Provision is made for such Families Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person who shall have been or shall be chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia, or any Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer, serving the rein, shall, when embodied and called out into actual Service, and ordered to march, leave a Family unable to support themselves, the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Tithing, or Township, where the Family of such Militia Man shall dwell, shall, by Order of some one Justice of the Peace, out of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, Tithing, or Township, pay to such Family a weekly Allowance according to the usual and ordinary Price of Labour in Husbandry within the said County, Riding, Division, District, or Place, where such Family shall dwell, by the following Rule; that is to fey. Any Sum not exceeding the Price of one Day's such Labour, nor less than one Shilling, for each and every Child born in Wedlock and under the Age of ten Years; and for the Wife of such Militia Man, whether (he shall or shall not have any Child or Children, and provided (he does not follow the Regiment, any Sum not exceeding the Price of one Day's such Labour, nor less than one Shilling; and in every Parish, Tithing, or Township, where the Money arising by such Rates shall not be sufficient for the Purpose aforesaid, a new Rate or Rates shall be made for raising a Sum sufficient for that Purpose; and every such weekly Allowance shall be forthwith reimbursed to the Overseer or Overseers of such Parish, Tithing, or Township, by the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place where such Parish, Tithing, or Township shall be situate, out of the publick Stock of such County, Riding, or Place.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Treasurer of any County, Riding, City, Town, Liberty, Division, or Place, within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid, who shall, after the passing of this Act, reimburse to any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Tithing, Township, Hamlet, or Vill, any Sum or Sums of Money in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, on Account of the weekly Allowance to the Family of any of the Persons aforesaid, serving in the Militia of any County, Riding, City, Town, Liberty, Division, or Place, other than the County, Riding, City, Town, Liberty, Division, or Place where such Family shall dwell, shall deliver or tranfmic an Account of such Money as he shall have so reimbursed as aforesaid, signed by one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Town, Liberty, Division, or Place, where such Family shall dwell, 10 the Treasurer of the County, Riding, City, Town, Liberty, Division, or Place, in the Militia whereof such Person shall serve; and thereupon the Treasurer to whom such Account shall have been delivered or transmitted as aforesaid shall and is hereby required to pay to the Treasurer who shall have so delivered or transmitted such Account, the Sum or Sums so by him reimbursed to such Overseer or Overseers, and shall be allowed the same in his Accounts.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Family of any Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, serving in the Militia when embodied and called out into actual Service, and ordered to march, shall become chargeable to the Parish wherein such Family shall dwell, and such Substitute shall not serve for the same Parish, it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace who shall make any Order for the Relief of such Family, at the same Time to direct the Overseers of the Parish for which such Substitute shall serve to reimburse the Money so paid to the Overseer or Overseers who shall have advanced the same, in

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 8. 301

pursuance of the Order before mentioned, if such Parish shall be situated within the same County 5 and if such Parish shall be situated in any other County, the said Justice shall cause the same to be reimbursed in Manner herein after mentioned.

which the

direct a Reimbursement by the Overseer of the Parishes for Substitutes serve.

IV. Provided always, That the respective Allowances which may be made as aforesaid to the Families of Allowances to Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers, and of Persons so chosen by Lot as aforesaid, or of Substitutes, hired Families not to Men, or Volunteers, shall not occasion such Families to be removeable or compelled to be sent to any compel them to Workhouse or Poorhouse, nor shall such Substitutes, or such Drummers and Fifers, or Persons so chosen by houses, °nor°to Lot, be thereby deprived of their legal Settlements elsewhere, nor of their Right of voting for the Election of, deprive Militia Members to serve in Parliament. Men of Their lc

gal Settlements, or their Right of voting for Members of Parliament#

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Substitute whose Family shall fee relieved as aforesaid, shall serve for any Parish situate in another County, the Monies advanced by the Overseers of the Parish, Township, or Place where the Family shall dwell, shall be repaid them out of the County Stock, by the Treasurer of the County to which the Parish, Township, or Place shall belong, on producing a Certificate of the Order of the Justice allowing such Relief (which Certificate such Justice is hereby required to grant accordingly), and the Treasurer who shall so repay such Overseer shall transmit such Certificate, and also an Account of all Monies so repaid by him from Time to Time quarterly to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place, in the Militia whereof such Substitute shall serve; and the Treasurer to whom the same shall have been so transmitted shall forthwith reimburse the same to the Treasurer from whom the said Account was received, which Account so received and reimbursed shall he laid before the Justices of the Peace at their next General or Quarter Sessions which shall be held for such-County, Riding, or Place, for their Allowance thereof, and the said Justices shall, and they are hereby required to allow the same accordingly, and forthwith to make an Order for the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place for which such Substitute shall serve, to make good the same to the Treasurer of the County, out of the Poor Rates of such Parish, Township, or Place; and all Payments so made by such Treasurer or Treasurers, Overseer or Overseers, in pursuance of such Order or Orders of such Justice or Justices, shall be allowed and passed in their respective Accounts, in like Manner as other Expences incurred on Account of the Militia are by Law now directed to be passed and allowed.

VI. Provided always, That in all Places having peculiar Jurisdictions, and not contributing to the County, such Account shall be made over to the Treasurer, Receiver, or other Public Officer, belonging to such peculiar Jurisdiction, to be by him reimbursed, accounted for, and allowed, in Manner aforesaid.

Monies advanced by Overseers of Parishee where the Fa* miliesdwell of Substitutes fsrv-ing for Places in any other County, to be repaid on producing a Certificate of the Order of the Justices allowing the Relief, &c»

In Places-having peculiar Jurisdictions, Accounts to be made over to the Treasurer thereof#

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Allowances which shall have Allowances been made between the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and the fourth b«ween Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to the Wives and Families of any such Person ,-02^March so chosen by Lot, or of such Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer, or of such Substitute as aforesaid, by any Order, 4' to Recommendation, or other Act of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or by the Payment of any Parish reimbursed as Officer, or other Person usually paying the Poor of any Parish or Place, shall be reimbursed to such Persons those authorized as shall have paid such Allowances in like Manner as is herein-before directed to be done, with Respect to

the like Payments authorized and required to be made by virtue of this Act; and that in all Cases where or

no such Allowance has been made to such Wives and Families as aforesaid, or where such Allowances have where made in

been made only in Part, it is hereby directed and required that the same Allowances, or such Part thereof as Part to becom-shall remain unpaid, shall be made to or for the Benefit of such Wives and Children, in like Manner as if l'leted.

the Provisions of this Act had been in force previous to the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That v/ithin the City and County of the City of Exeter, all InExeterthe Allowances to be made by virtue of this Act, to the Families of-Persons serving in the Militia, shall be paid A1J°wancca^ro by the Treasurer or Treasurers of the Corporation of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Xriaftirc/of the Guardians of the Poor of the City and County of Exeter, and that the same shall be ascertained, aflelled, corporation of raised, collected, and levied, by such and the same Ways and Means as the Money raised for the Relief of the Poor, &c* the Poor within the said City and County is, by virtue of the several Acts of Parliament now in force for the Relief of the Poor within the said City and County, or any or either of them, directed to be raised; and it shall and may be lawful for the several Persons authorized to put the said Acts in Execution, to cauie to be raised and levied such Sum or Sums as shall be necessary for that Purpose, over and above what they are already authorized to raise for the Relief of the Poor of the said City and County; and all and every Person and Persons who are by the said Acts or either of them, required to do any Act, Matter, or Thing, for the ascertaining, assessing, confirming, or altering of Assessments, collecting and levying the Sums thereby directed to be raised for the Relief of the Poor, are hereby required and authorized to do all such and the like Acts, Matters, and Things, for the ascertaining, assessing, confirming, or altering Assessments, collect! -ing and levying the Money hereby directed to be raised, and shall be subject to all such Forfeitures and Penalties in case of their Neglect or Refusal to perform the same, as are imposed for Offences of the like Nature by the abovementioned Acts, or either of them, and also in the same Manner, and by the same Ways and Means* to raise and levy, or cause to be raised and levied, such further Sum and Sums of Money as shall 11 have

302

AH Monies to

be le-ied by Parish Rates in BriHol, by vir* tue of this Act, to be raifcl as prescribed by the Acts for railin; Poor's Rates,&c.

26 Geo. III. Cap. 107. Clause 102# iccited.

Recited Clause repealed, Bounties to be paid to Militia Men, chosen by Lot, whose Terms of Service are prolonged.

Bounties to le paid to Substitutes, or Vo. lunteers whole Terms of Service are prolonged.

C. 8. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

have been advanced and paid by the Treasurer of the Corporation of the Poor, for the Maintenance of such Wives and Families, and shall cause the same to be repaid to the Treasurer of the said Corporation-

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all Monies to be levied by Parish Rates to be made withia the City and County of the City of Bristol by virtue of this Act, shall be paid, ascertained, afieffed, raised, collected, levied, and repaid in such Manner, and by such and the same Ways and Means as are prescribed to be observed in raising Money for the Relief of the Poor, within the said City and County of the City of Bristol, by virtue of any or Acts of Parliament relating thereto; and that it shall and may be lawful for the several Persons authorised to put the said Acts in Execution, to cause to be raised and levied such Sum or Sums, over and above what they are already authorized to raise for the Relief of the Poor of the said City and County, and also in the same Manner and by the same Ways and Means to raise and levy, or cause to be raised and levied, such further Sum and Sums of Money as shall have been advanced and paid by the Treasurer of the Corporation of the Poor, and shall cause the same to be repaid to the Treasurer of the said Corporation; and that all and every Person and Persons who are by the said Acts, any or either of them, required to do any Act, Matter, or Thing, for the ascertaining, assessing, confirming, or altering of Assessments, collecting and levying the Sums thereby directed to be raised for the Relief of the Poor, are hereby* required and authorized to do all such and the like Acts, Matters, and Things, for the ascertaining, alleging, confirming, or altering Assessments, collecting and levying the Money hereby directed to be raised, and shall be subject to all such Forfeitures and Penalties, in case of their Neglect or Refusal to perform the same, as are imposed for Offences of the like Nature by the above-mentionecT Acts, any or either of them.

X. ‘And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled,

4. An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia^ in that Part of Great Britain called England), it is thereby, amongst other Things, enacted, That in case the Term of Service of any Person so balloted and enrolled for any Regiment of Militia (as is provided for by the said Act)

shall be prolonged in A4anner in and by the said Act directed in that Behalf, beyond the Term of five Years,

then and in such Case the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place to which such Militia Man shall belong, shall, and he is thereby required, forthwith to pay to the Captain, or other Commanding Officer of each Company respectively, the Sum of one Guinea for every Person whose Term of Service shall be so prolonged, and in case such Term shall be prolonged for more than three Years, then,

at the Expiration of three Years, he shall pay the like further Sum of one Guinea for every Person whose 4 T erm shall be it further prolonged, and shall in like Manner, at the Expiration of every additional Term of three Years, pay the like further Sum of one Guinea (all which Money so paid by the Receiver General shall be allowed him in his Account), and the Money so received by any' Captain or Commanding Officer (or so much thereofas such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper) shall be laid out in the Manner he shall think most advantageous for each respective Militia Man, and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall from Time to Time account to such Militia Man how the said Sum or Sums have been applied or disposed of, and shall, before any such Militia Man receives his Discharge, pay over to him the Remainder of the said Money, if any, which shall not have been so applied, disposed of, and accounted for:* Now be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the above recited Clause shall be, and the same is hereby repealed j any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Term of Service of any Person who shall have been so chosen by Lot, and enrolled to serve in the Militia, as in the said recited Act is provided in that Behalf, shall be prolonged in the Manner directed in and by the said recited Act, beyond the Term of five Years, then and in such Case the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place to which the Person so chosen by Lot, and inrolled, shall belong, shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Captain, or other Commanding Officer of each Company, respectively, the Sum of one Guinea for every Person whose Time of Service shall be so prolonged, and shall in like Manner, so often as the Term of Service of any Person so chosen by Lot and inrolled to serve in the Militia shall be prolonged as aforesaid, pay the like further Sum of one Guinea (all which Money so paid by the Receiver General shall be allowed him in his Account), and the Money so received by any Captain or Commanding Officer (or so much thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper) shall be laid out in the Manner he shall think most advantageous for each respective Person so chosen by Lot and enrolled as aforesaid; and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall from Time to Time account to such Person how the said Sum or Sums have been applied and disposed of, and shall, before any such Person receives his Discharge, pay over to him the Remainder of the said Money, if any, which shall not have been so applied, disposed of, and accounted for.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Term of Service of any Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, serving in the Militia, shall continue beyond the Term of five Years, then and in such Case the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place to which such Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer shall belong, shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of each Company respectively, the Sum of one Guinea for every Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, whose Term of Service shall so continue; and in case such Term shall so continue for more than three Years beyond the said Term of five Years, then, at the Expiration of the said three Years, he shall pay the like further Sum of one Guinea for every Substitute, hired iMan, or Volunteer, whose Term shall so further continue, and in like Manner, at the Expiration of every additional Term of three Years, pay the like further Sum of one Guinea (all which Money so paid by the Receiver General shall be allowed him in his Account), and the Money lo received by any Captain or Commanding Officer (or so much thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper) shall be laid out

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 8 - 10. 303

in the Manner he shall think most advantageous for each respective Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer; and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, from Time to Time, account to such Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, how the said Sum or Sums have been applied and disposed of, and shall, before any such Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, receives his Discharge, pay over to him the Remainder of the said Money, if any, which shall not have been so applied, disposed of, and accounted for.

CAP. IX.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. X.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the.laid United States.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for preventing certain Inti r wheats from being required from Ships belonging to the *3 Geo. III.

United States of America; and to give to his Majesty for a limited Tim* certain Powers for the better car- Cap. 39.

tying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States\) which said Act has been continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three: And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, an Act to extend the Powers- of an Act made in the twenty- 24 Geo. III.

third Year of his present Majesty, ior giving his Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade Cap. 45.

and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in Ame- rica, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned; the Powers given by the said recited Act were extended to the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the British Colonies and Plantations in America, so far as the same might relate to Iron, Hemp, and Sail-cloth, and other Articles of the Produce of any Place, bordering on the Baltic, which might be exported from this Kingdom; which said last mentioned Act has also, by several subsequent Acts, been continued until the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so far only as the lame extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and also that the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign should be further continued May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the twenty-third *5 Geo. I. Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so far only as the same extends-to the Trade and Commerce carried CRaP* 39> on between this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America \ and cVmmcrce°bc-that the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and all the Matters and tween this Things therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven Kingdom and

hundred and ninety-four, and till the End of the then next Session of Parliament* and no longer. the United

3 5. , States of America, and 24 Geo. III. Cap. 49. to continue in force till April 5, 1794.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Iron, Hemp, Sail-cloth, or other Articles of the Produce of any Place, bordering on the Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this Kingdom, shall be exported from hence in any other Manner than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council; or if any Goods or Commodities whatever shall be imported from any of the Territories of the United States of America, into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, other than such as by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by virtue of this present Act, or by Order or his Majesty in Council, now are, or hereafter shall be permitted to be imported; or if any Goods or Commodities shall be imported from the Territories of the said United States of America into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, in any other Manner whatever than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, the same shall, be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods or Commodities shall respectively be exported or imported, and all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel belonging thereto.

Stales contrary to Law, to

Articles from any Place bordering no the Baltic, which may be exported from this Kingdom, if exported contrary to Law, and Goods imported from the United States of America, and not permitted by Law, and also Goods imported from these be forfeited.

---

[How Forfeitures are to be recovered and applied.]

III. And be it further enacted, That every Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof disposed of, paid, and applied, in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and

304 C. 10— 14. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of Customs may now be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in the Places where respectively the Offence shall be committed; and that the Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, and applied in like Manner, in the said Places respectively; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Act to continue in force till April 5, 1794.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and till the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

[but may be repealed this Session.]

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Part thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XI.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

CAP. XII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to prevent Acts of Parliament from taking effect from a Time prior to the passing thereof.

[Clerk of the Parliaments to indorse on every Act the Time it receives the Royal Assent, which shall be its Commencement, where no other is provided.]

WHEREAS every Act of Parliament, in which the Commencement thereof is not directed to be from a specifick Time, doth commence from the first Day of the session of Parliament in which such Act is passed: And whereas the same is liable to produce great and manifest Injustice: for Remedy whereof be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Clerk of the Parliaments shall indorse (in English) on every Act of Parliament, which shall pass after the eighth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, immediately after the Title of such Act, the Day, Month, and Year, when the same shall have passed, and shall have received the Royal Assent; and such Endorsement shall be taken to be a Part of such Act, and to be the Date of rts Commencement, where no other Commencement shall be therein provided.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance Companies, and their Successors, to grant, purchase, and sell Annuities upon or for Lives.

---

Act 6th Geo. I. and Charter 22d June 1720, granted to the Royal Exchange Assurance for insuring*

Ships at Sea, and going to Sea, and for lending Money on Bottomry, and Charter 29th April 1721, re- cited.—The Royal Exchange Assurance for injuring Ships, and the Royal Exchange Assurance for in- furing Houses and Goods from h ire, authorized to grant Annuities for Lives or on Survivorship; im- powered to make Bye-Laws; and may assume the Name of The Royal Exchange Assurance Annuity Company, for the Purposes of this Act only; and have a Common Seal. —Power given to receive the 41 Money so subscribed, for the Purchase of the Annuity. To hold Land, charged with Annuities purchased, without Licence in Mortmain. The Capital for securing Annuities, when 1,000l. paid to be laid out in the publick Funds. Certificates of the Deaths of Annuitants to be lodged in the Office, with an Account of the Sums paid for the Annuities, &c. In case any Annuitant shall die on Ship Board, the Certificate shall be valid, if signed by the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Annuitant, or if such legal Proof shall be made of his Death or Burial as the Case will admit, and the Particulars advertise

in the London Gazette. Powers of the Corporation re(pe£ling Annuities discharged by Surrender or Re- signation. 'fables of the Rates of Annuities to be provided. Agreement for Annuities to be made conformable thereto. In case any Annuity shall be unpaid for six Months after Demand and Notice,

and such Annuity, and all Arrears, not paid or tendered to be paid within six Months, the Annuitant entitled to his, her, or their principal Sum. Annuities granted, fold, or purchased, to be deemed PersonaL 44 Estate, and by Alignment of the Assignees to be enabled to sue for the same in their own Names,

The Corporations may plead the General Issue. Forging the Seal is made felony. Publick Act."

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 15 - 22 305

CAP. XV.

An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the Bank of England.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for effectually carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament of the eighteenth Year of the Reign his present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, and to the South-east Side of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of 'Yurgifs, in the said County of Southampton

CAP. XVII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

[30th April 1793.]—£ 2,000,000.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

[30th April 1793.]—Z% 2>oooo, oooo.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-firth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and for making Provision for Adjutants who have served a certain Time in the Militia.

[30th April 1793.]

CAP. XX.

An Act for effectually carrying into Ex«:ution an Act of Parliament of the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty, for ?naking and maintaining a Navigable Cormnunication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Mayichester, to'or nearAfhton Under Lyne and Oldham, to extend the said Canal from a Place called Clayton Demesne, in the Township of Droylsden, in the Parish of Manchester aforesaid, to a Place in the Turnpike Road in Heaton Norris, leading between Manchester and Stockport, opposite to the House known by the Sign of The Three Boars Heads*, and from or nearly from a Place called Taylor*s Barn, in the Township of Reddish, to Denton, at a Place called Beat Bank, adjoining the Turnpike Road leading between Stockport and Ashton under Lyne; and also from the intended AqueduS Bridge, at or near a Place called Waterhouses, in the Parish of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, to a Place called Stake Leach, at Hollinwood, in the Township of Old~ ham aforesaid.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

[30th April 1793.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE y0Ur Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled. having granted to your Majesty, the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, cut of any Monies granted for the Supply of the present Year, there shall be issued and paid at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, on or before the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall by them be placed to the Account of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, for applying certain Sums of Money annually to the Reduction of the National Debt; and that all such Monies shall be applied by the said Commissioners towards the Reduction of the National Debt in the Manner herein after direScd, and to no other Intent or Purpose, and in no other Manner whatever.

Rr 2 II. And

ICO,coo 1. to bt issued at the Exchequer, by Nov. i, 1793, to the Dank, to be placed to the Account of the Commissionera appointed by 16 Geo. III. Cap. 3X*

306

Commissioner* to apply the Monry in pur-clnfing redeemable public An* auitie?.

whkh shall ba transferred to their Account, and the Dividends placed thereto.

Dividend* of redeemed Stock to be set apart out of the Consolidated Fund, and applied by the Commissioneri under the Regulations of 2f6 Geo. III. Cap.

7% Geo. III. Oap. 68.

C. 22,23. AfMiotricesimo tertio GEORGII.III. A.D. 1793

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said principal Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred thousun J Pounds, which are hereby directed to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, shall be applied by the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and re-auired to apply the same in Payment for the Purchas'e or such redeemable Publick Annuities as shall be below Pary if any, and if there shall be no such Tubliclc Annuities below Par, then to the Purchase of any such Publick Annuities at or above Par, in the following Manner; that is to lay. That all such Sums of Money, not exceedingtwo hundred thousand Pounds so to be applied, which shall have been placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, on or before the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall be applied, over and above the Sums applicable by virtue of the said herein before mentioned Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, to the Purchase of such Annuities in equal Portions as nearly as may be, on every Day {Saturdays and Mvvlajs excepted) 0:1 which the same shall oe tcansferrable, between the hr ft Day of one tho'jfand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the first Day of February one

tfiouland seven hundred and ninety-four; and all such Part of the Principal or Capital Stock of such Publick. Annuities, as shall be purchded by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, shall be transferred to the Account of the said Commissioners, in the Hooks of the Governor and Company of the Hank of England, of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the Scrub Seas and other Parts of America, or of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the.£V? Indies, respectively, as the Case may be; and that the DiviJend> payable thereon shall from Time to Time be received by the Governor and Company of the Hank of England, mid be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Dividends which shall from Time to Time become due and payable, in respect of the Principal or Capital Stock of such Annuities as shall be redeemed by virtue of this Act, shall be blued or set apart out of the Consolidated Fund, in the same Manner as if such Principal or Capital Stock had not been redeemed, and shall be paid to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, and the same shall from Time to Time be applied by them under the like Rules and Regulations, and in the Manner pre-(bribed by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, with respect to the Sums redeemed by virtue of the said Act; and that all and every the Rules, Methods, Regulations, and Provisions, which, in and by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, are provided and established for applying, managing, or accounting for the Sums vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the applying, managing, and accounting, for all Sums of Money directed to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners by virtue of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same had been repeated and re-enabled in this present Act.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for altering the Provisions of an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, so far as respect* the Quality of Table Beer brewed by Common Brewers.— [joth April 1793.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, cx~

clufiue of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, a ul for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for granting additional Duties on Coaches and other Carriages therein.

mentioned; and also additional Duties on Sope made in Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said additional Duties on Coaches and other Carriages; and for the better securing the Duty upon Tea, and other Duties of Excise; and also for appointing the Number of Comwijftoners of Excise who may hear Catfes depending before them, relative to the Duties on Male Servants; reciting, that Beer or Ale above six Shillings a Barrel, ex- elusive of the Duties of Excise, brewed for Sale, is by Law chargeable with the same Duties that are payable for the strongest Beer or Ale so brewed for Sale; and the brewing of good Table Beer of moderate c Strength is thereby discouraged; and in order to promote the brewing of good Table Beer, it is expedient to proportion the Duties payable on such Beer to the Quality and real Value thereof; it was enacted, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, the several Rates and Duties

then payable for Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, commonly called Table Beer, which should at any

# Time or Times be brewed by the Common Brewer in England and Wales, should cease and determine, and in lieu and instead thereof there should thenceforth be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout England and Wales, for every Barrel of Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise,

and not exceeding eleven Shillings exclusive of such Duties, commonly called Table Beer, brewed by the Common Brewer, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, the Sum of three Shillings, to be paid by such Cormnon Brewer: And whereas Beer or Ale above eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, brewed for Sale, is by Law chargeable with the same Duty as is payable for the strongest Beer or Ale so brewed for Sale; and whereas it is expedient in order to answer the Purpose of the said Actfc, that the Common Brewer should be permitted to brew for Sale Table Beer of a higher Price than eleven

IX. 4 Shilling*

C >ole

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 23, 24. 307

u lings per Barrel, without the same being liable to any greater Duty than by the said Act is imposed on Table ‘ Beer brewed for Sale of eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise P May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and Common Brew-may be lawful to and for all Common Brewers in England and Wales to brew Beer or Ale above fix Shil- frs may brew lings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty of Excise by Law imposed, for or in respect of such Beer, and notex-r 6^cernd cceding thirteen Shillings the Barrel exclusive of such Duty, commonly called Table Beer, under, according, and *nd* ,j8‘per subjecto the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, [and Provisions which are contained, provided, settled, or efta- Barrel, under blished in and by the said Act made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign aforesaid, for Common Brewers the Regulations brewing Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise/und not exceeding eleven *2 Geo#

Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, commonly called Table Beer, and such Common Brewers so ' ' 6 '

brewing such Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, and not exceeding thirteen Shillings rise Barrel, shall not be chargeable with or liable to pay, for or in respect thereof, any greater or higher Duty than is imposed, by Law for or in respect of Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty of Excise, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duty, brewed as aforesaid, any Thing in the said Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that neither the Allowance of one Shilling and The Allowances £our Pence, which is now payable upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty by Law imposed on such Beer or Ale (and not being Beer or Ale commonly called Table Beer, vrovc $s# jnd brewed and made in that Part of Great Britain called England, by the Common Brewer, under, subject, and unQcr 13s. per according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained and provided in and by the said Barrel,

Act made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign aforesaid) brewed by the Common Brewer, or by any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale, publickly or privately, within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, and returned by the Gauger, nor the Allowance of one Shilling and eight Pence, which is now payable upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty by Law imposed on such Beer or Ale, (no: being Twopenny Ale mentioned and described in the sevent'n Article of the Treaty of Union,) or such Table Beer as iaft aforesaid brewed by the Common Brewer, or by any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell'or tap out Beer or Ale, publickly or privately, in that Part of Great Britain called England, nor within the said Cities of London and Westminster, nor within the Limits of the weekly Bilis of Mortality, and returned by the Gauger, shall be paid or payable for or in respect of such Beer or Ale brewed as aforesaid by any Common Brewer, above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding thirteen Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duty, commonly called Table Beer; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Drawback of eight Shillings, which Th» D.awhacfc

is by Law payable for every Barrel of Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty im- not to be granted posed in respect of such Beer or Ale (and not being Twopenny Ale, mentioned and described in the seventh Ar- for Table Beer tide of the Treaty of Union, not being such Beer or Ale commonly called Table Beer brewed and made as andr

first aforesaid), for which the Duty by Law imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported Barrel.1*8' PCf as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, shall be nt> longer paid or payable for or in respect of such Beer or Ale

brewed as aforesaid by any Common Brewer, above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty of Excise, and not exceeding thirteen Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duty, commonly called Table Beer 3 any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Reflations of Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which former Laws e*-are provided, settled, or established, in and by the said Act made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of tended to this his present Majesty, or by any other Law or Law's of Excile, so far as the same respectively relate to Common

Brewers of Table Beer, above six Shillings the Barrel, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the Barrel, or to such Table Beer as last aforesaid, or to Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors, or are applicable to the Purposes of this Act, 2tld which were in force immediately before the Commencement of this Act (except so far as the same are expressly altered or controlled by this Act) shall be extended and applied to all Common Brewers of Table Beer above six Shillings the Barrel, and not exceeding thirteen Shillings the Barrel, and to such Table Beer as last aforesaid, and shall be practised, uled, applied, and put in Execution,- in and for the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers,

Directions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

---

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for separating the Chapels of Chorley and Rufford from the Parish of Croston, in the County of Lancaster, and for making them two distinct Parish Churches.

308 C. 25 - 27. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for paving the Footpaths, within the Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop; and for lighting watching, and otherwise improving, the said Borough.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels, during the present War.

[30th April 1793.]

FOR the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels, during the present War, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[During the War trading Vessels may have three-fourths of the Crew Foreigners.]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of this present War, and no longer, (except in respect to such Merchant Ships and other trading Ships or Vessels, which shall be on their Voyage before the Determination of the War, who shall be and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning Home navigated in the Manner as herein after is provided,) it shall and may be lawful for any Merchant Ship or other trading Ship or Vessel, to be navigated by foreign Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain, or of any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty's natural or naturalized Subjects, so as the Number of such foreign Seamen do not exceed three-fourths of the Mariners at any one Time employed to navigate such Merchant Ship, or other trading Ship or Vessel, and that one-fourth at least of the Mariners or Seamen so employed be at all Times Natives, or his Majesty's naturalized Subjects of Great Britain, (sudden Death and Hazard, and Casualties of War and the Seas, saved and excepted,) one Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation, or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Act not to restrain the Effect of any Royal Proclamation, &c.]

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away or restrain the Effect of any such Royal Proclamation as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, are impowered to make by virtue of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of Wary and on Board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Privateers.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to, his Majesty's Enemies.

[7th May 1793.]

---

WHEREAS it is expedient more effectually to prevent traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Artistance being given to, his Majesty's Enemies, during the Continuance of the present War be- tween Great Britain and France \ be it declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[During the present War any Resident in Great Britain, supplying or causing to be supplied, &c. for the Purpose of being sent to France, &c. any of the Articles herein enumerated, without Licence from his Majesty, to be deemed % Traitor.]

That, during the Continuance of the present War between Great Britain and France, if any Person residing or being in Great Britain, shall knowingly and wilfully, on his own Account or Credit, or on the Account or Credit, or by the Direction of any other Person or Persons whomsoever, or wheresoever resident 6r being, fell, supply, or deliver, or fend for the Purpose of being fold, supplied, or delivered, or agree to fell, supply, or deliver, or to fend for the Purpose of being fold, supplied, or delivered, or shall, knowingly and wilfully, either on his own Account or CreJit, or on the Account or Credit, or by the Direction of any other Person or Persons whomsoever, or wheresoever resident or being, cause or procure to be sold, supplied, or delivered, or lent for the Purpose of being fold, supplied, or delivered, or authorize or direct any other Pet Ion whomsoever, or wheresoever resident or being, to fell, supply, or deliver, or to fend for the Purpose of being fold, supplied, or delivered, or shall knowingly and wilfully aid or assist in so felling, supplying, or delivering, or fending for the Purpose of being so fold, supplied, or delivered, or in so authorizing or directing any other Person whomsoever, or wheresoever resident or being, to fell, supply, or deliver, or to fend for the Purpose of being fold, supplied, or delivered, to or for the Use of the Persons now exercising, or who may hereafter, during the said War, exercise the Powers of Government in France \ or to or for the Use of any Armies, Troops, Fleets, Ships, or Veflcfe employed or to be employed by the Persons exercising, or who shall exercise, such Powers of Government as aforesaid, or to or for the Use of any Persons or Person residing or being within any of the Dominions of France, or any Town, Territory, Port, or Place annexed to France, or under the Government of the Persons exercising, or who shall exercise, as aforesaid, the Powers of Government in France; or if any Person residing, or being in Great Britainf shall knowingly and wilfully, during the said War, buy or procure, or contraftor agree to buy or procure, or cause to be bought or procured, or authorize or direct any other Person or Persons whomsoever,

309

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 27

or wheresoever refidingor being, to buy or procure, or to contract or agree to buy or procure, cr shall knowingly and wilfully aid or assist in buying or procuring, or authorizing ordiredting to be bought or procured, as aforesaid, for the Purpose of being sent into any Port or Place within the Dominions of France, or annexed thereto, or under the Government of the Persons exercising, or who shall exercise as aforesaid, the Powers of Government in France, any Arms, Ordnance, Ordnance Stores, Powder, Bullets, Pitch, Tar, Hemp, Mails, Timber, Sail Cloth, Cordage, Coals, or Salt Petre, or any Iron, Lead, or Copper, whether such Iron, Lead, or Copper, shall be wrQUght or unwrought, except Cutlery Ware, not being of the Description of Arms of any Sort, and Buttons, Buckles, Needles, Japanned Wares, Toys, and Trinkets, also excepted; or any Naval or Military Stores whatsoever, or any Note or Bill, Notes or Bills, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Gold or Silver Bullion, or any Gold or Silver Coin, either being Coin of this Kingdom or of any other Country, or any Hay, Straw, or Forage, or any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Barley, Barley Flour, Maize, Rice ground or unground. Oats ground or unground. Meal, Corn, Grain, Pease, Beans, Potatoes, or any Provisions fresh or faked, or other Provisions or Victuals whatsoever, or any Cloathing, or any Articles or Materials of Cloathing, intended for the Use of any such Armies, Troops. Fleets, Ships, or Vessels, as aforesaid, such Persons knowing the same to be so intended, or any Sadlery, Boots, or Shoes, or Leather wrought or unwrought, without Licence from his Majesty, under his Sign Manual, or by Order in Council, or Proclamation, nrft had and obtained, specifying the Articles with respect to which the same shall be bad and obtained, and also the Place and Places from which and to which the Paid Articles shall be sent, every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted or attainted, shall be deemed, declared, and adjudged to be a Traitor, and shall suffer Pains of Death, and also iofe and forfeit as in Cases of High Treason: Provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject to any Pains or Penalties any Person for any Act which shall be done in disposing of any Articles the Growth or Produce of any Lands in France, or in any of the Places aforesaid, to which such Person shall be entitled at the Time of passing this Act, or which shall afterwards come to such Person by any other Title than such as herein after by this Act is prohibited; or to any Act which shall be done in disposing of any of the Articles herein-before specified, which, at the Time of passing this Act, were in France, or in any of the Places aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, residing or being in Great Britain, during the Continuance of the said War, shall knowingly and wilfully, in his own Name, or in the Name or Names of any other or others, buy, or enter into any Central or Agreement to buy, or authorize, or direct, or cause any Person or Persons whomsoever, and wheresoever resident or being, to buy, or to contract, or agree to buy, any Lands, Tenements, Rents, or Hereditaments, or Real or Immoveable Property, whatsoever, situate, lying, or being within the Dominions of France in Europe, or in any Territory or Place in Europe annexed to France, or under the Government of the Persons exercising, or who shall exercise the Powers of Government in France, during the Time such Territory or Place shall be so annexed, or under such Government, or any Estate in any such Lands, Tenements, Rents, or Hereditaments, or Real or Immoveable Property whatsoever, or shall lend or advance, or authorize or direct, or cause or procure any other Person or Persons whomsoever, or wheresoever resident or being, to lend or advance, any Money, Coin, Bullion, Notes of the Bank of England, or Bills of Exchange, or other Notes or Bills, or Other valuable Thing of any Nature or Kind soever, for, towards, or on Account of the buying of any such Lands, Tenements, Rents, or Hereditaments, or Real or Immoveable Property whatsoever, or any. Estate therein, or by Way of Loan or otherwise, on the specifick Security of any such Lands, Tenemencs, or Hereditaments, or Real or Immoveable Property as aforesaid, or any Estate therein, or for or towards or on Account of the buying of any such Security or Estate, or shall be aiding or assisting in so- buying as aforesaid* or in making, authoiizing, directing, or causing to be made, any such Buying, Contract, Agreement, Advancement, or Loan as aforesaid, every such Person so offending as aforesaid, being thereof convicted or attainted by due Course of Law, shall be deemed, declared* and adjudged to be a Traitor, and shall suffer Pains of Death, and also lose and forfeit as in Cases of High Treason; and if any Person, being a Subj.edI of his Majesty, and out of his Majesty's Dominions, shall in any such Manner as aforesaid make, or authorize, direct, procure or cause to be made, any such Buying, Purchase, Contract, Agreement, Loan, or Advancement as aforesaid, or shall aid or aifift therein, and shall afterwards voluntarily return or come to Great Britain, every such Person so returning or coming to Great Britain, being thereof convicted or attainted by due Course of Law, shall be deemed, declared, and adjudged to be a Traitor, and shall suffer Pains of Death, and also lose and forfeit, as in Cases of High Treason.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, being a Subject of his Majesty, shall, during the Continuance of the said War, without Licence from his Majesty, under his Sign Manual, or by Order in Council, or Proclamation, first had and obtained (such Licence to be subject to no Fee or Charge whatsoever) voluntarily go or repair, or embark in any Vdlel with an Intent to go or repair, from any Place in Great Britain into France, or any Town or Place annexed to France, or under the Government of the Persons exercising, or who Ftall exercise, the Powers of Government in France, or, having obtained such Licence as aforesaid, shall willingly abide in France, or any such Town or Place as aforesaid, after the Time which shall be specified in such Licence, if the same shall be granted, for a limited Time only, or shall voluntarily go or repair to any Town, Place, or District in France, or annexed to or under the Government of the Persons exercising,'or who shall exercise the Powers of Government in France, other than such Towns, Places, or Districts, as shall be specified in such Licence, if any Town, Place, or District, shall be specified therein, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged to be iraprisoned, and shall be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding six Months.

Act not to extend to difptfing of Articles the Growth or Produce of Franc*, to which Person* shall be entitled' at the parting this Act, &c.

Any Resident in Great Britain, buying any Lands, in France, or Places annexed ihtreto, or lending Money, for that Purpose, &c. to b?deem^ td a Traitor 5

as also any Sub* jest of his Ma-j* fty, out of his Majesty* Doini-n ons, who, on his Return to Great Britain, Hull beconvift d of such Cfrince.

Subjects going from Great Britain t; France without his Majesty's Licence, &c, liable to 1m-pr.lonment.

3io C. 27. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Insurance® rtnde by Persons resident in Great Britain on Ships belonging to France, or cn Arms, &c. going the re, to be void, and he Offenders liable to Imprisonment;

but not to extend to ln(u-raircc on G'»ods the Growth of Tobago, or on

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during the Continuance of the said War, if any Person residing or being in Great Britain shall knowingly and wilfully insure, or cause or procure to be insured, or aid or assist in 'inferring, or causing or procuring to be insured, of authorize or di-redl any other Person or Perons whatsoever, or wheresoever resident or seeing, to insure, or to cause or procure to be insured, any Ship or Ships, Goods, Wares, or Commodities whatsoever, belonging to any Subject or Subjects in France, or to any Person or Persons under the Government of the Persons exercising the Pow*rs of Government in France, on any Voyage whatsoever; or any Arms, Ordnance, Ordnance Stores, Powder, Bullets, Pitch, Tar, Hemp, Marts, Timber, Sail Cloth, Cordage, CoaJs, or Salt Petre.^ or any Iron, Lead, or Copper, whether such Iron, Lead, or Copper, shall be wrought or unwrought, except Cutlery Ware not being of the Description of Arms of any Sort, and Buttons, Buckles, Needles, Japanned Wares, Toys, and Trinkets, also excepted; or any Naval or Military Stores whatsoever; or any Gold or Silver Bullion; or any Gold or Silver Coin, either being Coin of this Kingdom or of any other Country; or any Hay, Straw, or Forage; or any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Barley, Barley Flour, Maize, Rice ground or unground, Oats ground or unground. Meal, Corn, Grain, Pease, Beans, Potatoes, or any Provisions fresh or salted, or other Provisions or Victuals whatsoever, or any Sadlery, Boots or Shoes, or Leather wrought or unwrought, on any Voyage, from any Part of the World to any Port or Place in France, or any Port or Place-annexed to France, or under the Government of the Persons exercising or who shall exercise the Powers of Government in France, not only every such Insurance shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes, but also every Person so offending, being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged to be imprisoned, and shall be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding thiee Months: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Insurance on any Goods, or any Share or Interest in any Goods, being the natural Growth and Produce of the Bland of Tobago^ or being on their Voyage to the said Bland, and which Goods, or Share or Interest in Goods, so insured, shall at the Time of such Insurance be the Property of any Subject or Subjects of his Majesty.

their Voyage there* and the Property of his Majesty's Sutjefle.

Juflires of his Majesty's Courts a* Westminster, Sec, may admit Offenders to li;il.

Where Offences may be laid and tried.

Offenders entitled to the Benefit of 7 Wil» III. Cap. 3. and 7 Ann. Cap. 2l.

A(\ not to extend to Acts done in his Ma-jeflyS Service,

Commencement of Act,

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person shall be committed-, for any 'Offence against this Act, to any Common Gaol or other Place, there to remain until delivered by due Course of Law, it shall and may be lawful for any of the Justices of his Majesty VCourts at Westmi'n-

Jler, or for any of the Barons of the Exchequer, being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Lord Justice Clerk, or any of the Commissioners of Judiciary in Sect Jane?, if, upon Application made, he shall think it reasonable, to admit such Person to Bail, he or she giving sufficient Security for his or her Appearance to answer the Matters wherewith he or she shall be charged.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Offence against this A cl, committed out of this Realm, may be alledged, and be laid, inquired of, and tried in any County, Shire, or Stewartry of this Realm, and that any Offence against this Act committed within that Part of Great Brita'm called England, may be alledged, and be laid, inquired of, and tried in the County where such Offence shall have been committed, or in the County of Middlesex \ and that any Offence against this Act, committed within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, may be alledged, and be laid, inquired of, and tried, either before the Court of Judiciary at Edinburgh, or in any of the Circuit Courts in that Part of the United Kingdom; and that all and every Person or Persons, that shall at any Time be accused or indicted, or prosecuted for any Offence made or declared to be Treason by this Act, shall be intitled to the Benefit of the Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of Willi am the Third, intituled, an Act for regulating of Trials in Cafs of Treason, and Misprision of Treason; and also of the Provisions made by another Act of Parliament palPed in the seventh Year of Queen Anne^ intituled, An Act for improving the Union of the two Kingdoms.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Act which shall be done in his Majesty's Service, by any Person or Persons who shall be employed therein, or to any Act which shall be done in aiding or aflilling any such Persons or Person whilst so employed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall take place and have Commencement on the Wednesday next after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, as to all Abls which shall be done by any Person whatsoever in Great Britain, or which shall be done in any Parts out of Great Britain, by any Person who shall have been in Great Britain at any Time after the first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and during the Continuance of this Act; and shall take place and have Commencement on the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, as to all Abls which shall be done in any Part of Europe, other than Great Britain, by any Person who shall not have been in Great Britain between the first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and shall take place and have Commencement on the first Day of Au^nfl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, as to all Abls which shall be done in any Parts of the World out of Europe, and not beyond the Cape of Good Hopey by any Person who shall not have been in Great Britain between the first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and shall take place and have Commencement on the first Day of November one housand seven hundred and ninety-three, as to all Acts which shall be done in any Parts of the World beyond the Cape of Good Hope, by any Person who shall not have been in Great Britain between the first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the first Day of November one thousand seven hui.dred and ninety-three.

t

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 27, 28. 311

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to repeal, vary* or alter this Act, or any Clause, Matter, or Thing therein contained, during this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXVIII.

Act may be repealed cr alrered in the present Session.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, to be charged on the Consolidated Fund; and for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on British Spirits, and certain Duties on the Amount of assessed Taxes.

[30th April 1793.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled* being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which they have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved, That the Sum of four millions five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Annuities in the Manner herein after mentioned: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, Seed

Contributors for every 72l. to be entitled to the Principal Sum of 100l. 3 per Cents, from Jan. 5, 44 1793. Contributors who have made Deposits may complete their Subscriptions at appointed Times. 44 Guardians may subscribe for Infants. Contributors paying the Whole of their Subscriptions before Dec. 44 12, 1793, to be allowed Discount. Contributors for every 72l. to be entitled to an Annuity of 3l. 44 from Jan. 5, 1793, payable half-yearly. Contributors intitled to receive Annuities, at certain Times, u as they complete their Subscriptions. Annuities payable out of the Consolidated Fund. Annuities payable and transferable at the Bank. Castlers of the Bank to give Receipts for Subscriptions, which may be aligned before Dec. 16, 1793. Accountant General of the Bank to enter in a Book the Names of Contributors, which may be inspected &c. Contributors not completing their Subscriptions to

forfeit their Deposits. As soon as Subscriptions are completed, the Principal Sums to be carried to the Credit of the Contributors in the Bank, which may be transferred. Annuities to be deemed Personal Estate. Books to be kept by the Accountant General for entering Transfers. Annuities may be devised by Will, &c. Transfers not liable to Stamp Duties. Contributors duly paying their Subscriptions to receive their Annuities out of the Money hereby granted, which shall not be liable to Taxes. Bank to appoint Caftiiers, to whom the Treasury shall order the Money to be issued for Payment of Annui- ties, Cashiers to give Security, and to account for Monies received. Annuities to be added to

the Joint Stock of 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities. Monies paid into the Exchequer may be applied to Services voted by the Commons. Out of the Money subscribed, the Treasury may discharge incidental Expences, &c. Bank to continue a Corporation till the Annuities granted by this Act be re- deemed. Penalty on Persons taking Fees for receiving Subscriptions or paying Annuities, &c."

XXIV. And whereas, by an Act passed 'in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, 31 Geo. III.

(intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon I Forts, TVash, and other Liquorx, Cap. 1. recked- brewed or made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England; and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain; and to continue certain Acts for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Waft, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the FZxportation of British- made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue for a limited Time,

an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue for a limited Time,

the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits); it was amongst other Things enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of 4 "January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there should be raised, levied, collected and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Kinds of Worts,

Waft, or other Licjuor therein-after mentioned, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and for and in respect of Spirits made or manufac- tured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought into that Part of Great Britain called England, over and above all Duties then imposed, for or in respect thereof, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise therein mentioned and expressed, (except as in the said recited Act is particularly excepted); and it was by the said Act further enacted, That all the Monies arising or to arise by the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act, and paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, after the fifth Day of April one thousand fever, hundred and ninety-two, ftould, together with such other Rates and Duties, as ftould be (and which were) granted by certain Acts of the then Session of Parliament, for that Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment and Discharge of the principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of any Act of the same Session of Parliament, and which were raised by Exchequer Bills in pursuance of an Act of the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for defraying the 3*Gco#

publick Expences occasioned by the Augmentation of his Majesty's Forces, in the Year one thousand seven hundred CaP* *9»

and ninety J together with such Interest as ftould by the said Act be directed to be paid or made payable for the said principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds; and that upon Payment of the said principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and all Interest to become due thereon, or reserving at the said Receipt 33 Geo. III. Sf ‘of

3*2 C. 28. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

3* Geo. III. Cap. 5. recited.

Duties imposed by first recited Act upon Worts, &c. made in England for extracing Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England, and Doty of 10 1. per Cent, imposed by the la lb recit-

of Exchequer so much Money out of the said Fund to be established as aforesaid, as should be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the said principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and all Interest as aforesaid,

and Publication thereof in the Manner to be directed by such Act of the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign as aforesaid, the said Rates and Duties, by the said recited Act imposed, should from thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable: And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes therein mentionedJ it was enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and,

ninety-one, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, through- out the Kingdom of Great Britain, upon every Assessment to be made after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament then in force,

for or in respect of the several Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, an additional Rate or Duty after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum upon the gross Amount of all the said former Rates and Duties charged by such Assessment, except as therein is excepted; and it was thereby further enacted, That all the Monies arising or to arise by the Rates and Duties thereby im- pose 1, and paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, should, together with such other Rates and Duties as aforesaid, be a Fund for the Payment and Discharge of the Whole of the said Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, to be raised as aforesaid, and the same are and stand appropriated to the Payment-and Discharge of the said principal Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, together wish the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges incident to or attending the same, in pursuance of the said last recited Act, and of the said Act of the thirty-first Year aforesaid, for raising a Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills as aforesaid; and after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sums of Money as aforesaid, in the Manner directed by the said Acts, the said last recited Rates and Duties are from thence- forth to cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable: And whereas we. Your' Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, are desirous to make such permanent Addition to the Publick Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge occasioned by the Loan to be raised by virtue of this Act;' be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties of Excise imposed by the said first recited Act, upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors brewed or made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; and upon Spirits made land and imported into England; and also the said Duties of ten Pounds per Centum, imposed by the said Act upon the gross Amount of assessed Taxes, lastly above recited, (except as in the said several recited Acts, or any of them, is particularly excepted; and also except such of the said Rates or Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes as have been since repealed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf,) shall be, and are hereby respectively continued and made perpetual, and shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, any Thing in the said several recited Acts, or any of them, contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and the said Duties hereby continued and made perpetual, shall severally and respectively be paid and payable by such Persons, at such Times and in such Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the said Duties were severally and respectively payable by Law, under or by virtue of the said several Acts, or any of them, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act.

e<J Act, made perpetual.

Such Parts of

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Parts of the said recited Act, 31 Geo. III. for raising a Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, requiring the Commissioners of the

Cap. 49, as re- Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to issue their or his Orders to the respective Commis-

hH f<to^ifTm;7Or- loners of Excise, or the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, for the Determination of any of the said ;c7$ for the De* Duties hereby continued and made perpetual, and all Directions for the Publication thereof, as far as the termination of same relate to the said Duties, shall be, and are hereby repealed.

the Duties hereby continued, repealed.

Monies to be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the iJiniolidaled Fund*

3, Geo. III. C»p. 25. and

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the several Rates and Duties by this Act continued and made perpetual as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) when and as the same respectively shall take effect by virtue of this Act, shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money, so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made Part of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund, and shall be added to the Publick Revenue for the Purposes of this Act.

XXVII. And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (intitu- led, An Act for repealing the Duties now charged on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Notes,

Drafts, and Orders, and on Receipts; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof,) it was enacted, That,

after setting apart, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, at the End of each Quarter of a Year during the Time in the said Act mentioned, the Sum of thirty-two thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds (as 4 being one fourth Part of the Sum of one hundred twenty-eight thousand six hundred Pounds, the annual Average Produce of the respective Rates and Duties by the said Act repealed,) to be carried to and made Part of the said Fund called The Consolidated Fund, the Remainder of the Duties granted by the said Act and Arrears of the Duties thereby repealed, should be a Part of the said Fund, established by certain Acts of the thirty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, for the Payment and Discharge of the said principal Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills in the Manner before-mentioned, together with such Interest as should be directed to be paid or made payable for the same: And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled,

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 28, 29. 313

tuled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on Certificates i(fined with respect to the killing of V Gc0*Iir:

Game,) the several Duties thereby granted were also made a Part of the said Fund for the Payment and Dif- CaP* al'rctlted#

charge of the said principal Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, together with such Interest as aforesaid: And whereas the said several Stamp Duties (except such quarterly Sums as aforesaid) are and (land appropriated to the Payment and Discharge of the said principal Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, together with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges incident to or attending the same, in pursuance of the several Acts before mentioned, or some of them -,

and by the said several Acts it was provided that after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, the same, in the Manner by the said Acts directed, then from thenceforth all the Money arising from the said several Stamp Duties should respectively be carried to, and made a Part of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund, and should from thenceforth be respectively applied in such Manner as other Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment,

and Paper, are directed to be applied, or as should thereafter be directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament After in that Behalf;' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, as soon as such Exchequer Bills, qUer Dills itfued issued on the Credit of the several Rates and Duties composing the Fund herein-before mentioned, established on the Credit of by virtue of certain Acts passed in the thirty-first Year aforesaid, shall be set off to be cancelled to the Amount ,h* Fur0 of one million eight hundred and thirty -three thousand Pounds, with the Interest due thereon, and all Charges 4f*!on

incident to or attending the same, shall be paid, or Money sufficient for those Purposes shall be in the Receipt iiiVfraii\ecan°-of his Majesty's Exchequer, all the Monies arising or to arise of the said several Stamp Duties (after setting ceiled to the apart out of the said Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Notes, Drafts or Orders, and Amount of on Receipts, the Sum of thirty-two thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds at the End of each Quarter, J» 83?, Q°o1' according to the Directions of the said Act granting the said Duties, and which quarterly Sums shall con- *£7

tinue to be so set apart so long as any Annuities shall be payable by virtue of this Act,) shall be respectively stamp Duties* applied to the Purposes of this Act. imposed by the

two last recited Acts to be applied to the Purpose of this Act*

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising or to arise of the several Rates and Duties hereby continued and made perpetual as aforesaid, when and after the same respectively shall have taken effect by virtue of this Act, and of the several Stamp Duties herein-before mentioned, when and after the same respectively shall have become applicable to the Purposes of this Act, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient to defray the increased Charge occasioned by the Loan to be made by virtue of this A6lv shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for that Purpose; and in case there shall be any Remainder or Surplus of the Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties after defraying such increased Charge, such Remainder or Surplus shall, until the same shall be specially appropriated by Parliament, be applicable and may be applied to such Uses and Purposes as the Monies composing the said Fund called The ConJ'olidated Fund may by Law be applied.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising or to arise by the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from each other and from all other Branches of the Publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence in his, her, or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

Surplus of the Money arising by this Atl may be applied as the Consolidated Fund.

Monies for 10 Years to be paid into the Exchequer, and kept separate from other Revenues.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned.

[8th May 1793.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient that your Majesty be enabled to direct Exchequer Bills, to the Amount of five Millions, to be issued to Commissioners, to be by them advanced, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, for the Affiilance and Accommodation of such Persons as shall be desirous of receiving the same, on due Security being given for the Repayment of the Sums so advanced within a Time to be limited May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorize ar J impower the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, now or for the Time beii*g, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to cause or direct

Ills Majesty in ay impower the Treasury to direct Exchequer Bills to be made

314- C. 29. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

out to the Amount of 5,coo oocl. agreeable to 33 Geo. III. Cap. 11. except as herein excepted.

Towers of 33 Geo. III. Cap. II. to extend to Exchequer Bills made out under this Act.

The Interest the

Dilb shall bear, an$l the Times at their being mode payable.

Such Bills not to be ieceive.1 in 1 ayment of any Tax before the Day appointed for their Payment, &c.

Cjrr.raiflioners,

cifrmiflicneis to take the tallowing

Oath,

Commissiontfl may mec',

any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at his Majesty's Exchequer, containing different Sums of one hundred Pounds, fifty Pounds, and twenty Pounds each, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of five Millions, in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions (except where other Directions for making out the same are contained and particularly expressed in this Act) as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said last mentioned AdL relating to the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made by the same Act, (except as herein after mentioned,) shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the lame Exchequer Bills had been originally authorized by the said last mentioned Adl^ or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and maj bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of two-pence halfpenny per Centum per Diemy upon or in respect of the Whole of the Monies respectively contained therein; and that one fourth Part of each Class or Denomination of such Bills shall be made payable on the thirtieth Day of September now next ensuing, one other fourth Part thereof on the thirtieth Day of December then next ensuing, one other fourth Part thereof on the thirty-first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and the Residue thereof on the thirtieth-Day of June then next ensuing 3 and that the principal Sum contained in every such Bill, together with such Interest as aforesaid, to be computed from the Day of the Date thereof, until the Time by this Act appointed for Payment thereof, shall be paid off and discharged upon the Days and Times respectively appointed for the Payment thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Exchequer Bill to be made out by virtue of this Act shall, after the same hath been issued at the Exchequer, be afterwards, at any Time before the Day on which such Exchequer Bill is hereby appointed to be paid, received, or taken by, or pass or be current with, any Receiver or Collector in Great Britain, of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or l ax whatever, due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from any such Receiver or Collector, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, (otherwise or on any other Account than for the Discharge and cancelling of such Exchequer Bill in case the same shall be in due Course or Order of Payment,) before the said Day hereby appointed for Payment thereof; nor shall any such Receiver or Collector exchange at any Time before the said Day of Payment thereof, for any Money of such Revenues, Aids, Taxes, or Supplies, in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill which shall have been issued as aforesaid, by virtue of this Act, nor shall any Action be maintained against any such Receiver or Collector for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such Exchequer Bill for Ready Money, before the said Day of Payment thereof, any Thing in the said last mentioned Act, or this Act contained, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That John Lord Sheffield in the Kingdom of Ireland, Sir Grey Cooper Baronet, William Pulteney Esquire, Richard Muilman Trench Chijwell Esquire, Sir John Sinclair Baronet, John William Anderson Esquire, Robert Smith Esquire, Samuel Bojanquet Esquire, Thomas Boddington Esquire, I Vi I Ham Manning Esquire, John Whitmore Esquire, Francis Baring Esquire, Edward Foster Esquire, William Raikes Esquire, Rober t Da? ell Esquire, Robert Barclay Esquire of Southwark3 Charles Grant Esquire, Gilbert Junes Esquire, Jeremiah Harman Esquire, and James Brogden Esquire, shall be and are hereby conllituted Commissioners for advancing and lending to^any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or to the Merchants, Bankers, and Traders resident within the Kmgdom of Great Britain, upon the Deposits and Securities, and under the Terms and Conditions, and subject to the Regulations herein mentioned, the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act; and the said Commissioners are hereby respectively required to execute the Powers'and Authorities given to them by this Act, without any Fee, Reward, Emolument, or Gratuity whatever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any two of the said Commissioners in this Act named, before they enter upon the Execution of the same, shall take an Oath, before the Chancellor of the Exchequer or the Master of the Rolls, for the Time being, which they or either of them are and is hereby authorized and required to administer, the Tenor whereof shall be as lolloweth; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear> That^ according to the best of my Judgement, I will faithfully and impartially execute the several Powers and Trujls vejled in me by an Act^ intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned, according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act."

And ever^ other of the said Commissioners in this Act named shall likewise take the same Oath before the said two Commissioners, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same, alter they shall themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners appointed by this ndl shall have Power to meet and fit from Time to Time, in such Place or Places as they shall find moil convenient, with or without

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

C. 29. 315

out Adjournment; and they, and any seven or more of them, shall and may appoint and employ a Secretary, and so many Clerks, Brokers, Messengers, and Officers, as they shall think meet; and allow to such Secretary, Clerks, Brokers, Messengers, and Officers, with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, in Writing under their Hands, such reasonable Salaries as the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall think meet; and shall and may also employ a Solicitor, and allow to such Solicitor such Salary or Reward as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable for his Care and Labour; and shall and may give and administer to such Solicitor, Secretary, Clerks, Brokers, and Officers respectively, an Oath (of their faithful Demeanor in all Things relating to the due Performance of the Trusts reposed in them by the said Commissioners, and in all other Things touching the Premises; and from Time to Time, at their Discretion, dismiss and discharge such Solicitor, Secretary, Clerks, Brokers, Messengers, and other Officers, and appoint others in their Place: And the said Solicitor, Secretary, Clerks, Brokers, and Officers, are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said Trusts in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking any Thing for such Service, other than such Salaries or Reward as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint in Manner aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to examine upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation they, or any one or more of them, are and is hereby authorized to ad-riiinifter) all Persons who shall be willing to be examined touching all such Matters and Things as shall be necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by this Act; and also to receive any Affidavits or Depositions in Writing, upon Oath or Affirmation,^ touching such Matters or Things as aforesaid, which shall be made before any Justice of the Peace of any County or Shire, or any Magistrate of any City, Borough, or Town Corporate in Great Britain, where or near to which the Person making such Affidavit or Deposition shall relide, and certified and transmitted to the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Magistrate, (which Oath or Affirmation every such Justice or Magistrate shall be and is hereby authorized and impowered to administer,) provided that in every such Affidavit or Deposition there shall be expressed the Addition of the Party making such Affidavit or Deposition, and the particular Place of his or her Abode.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby respectively authorized and required to issue and cause to be advanced all such Sums of Money, to such Person or Persons, in such Manner and in such Proportions, as the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any seven or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, from Time to Time, desire, out of any Part of the Publick Monies remaining in his Majesty's Exchequer, to be replaced in the Manner herein after mentioned; which Sums so to be issued and advanced shall be employed for the Payment of Allowances, and in defraying all other necessary Charges and Expences in or about the Execution of this Act, without other Account than before the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury; and which Money so to be issued shall not be subject to any Tax, Duty, Rate, or Assessment whatsoever, imposed by Authority of Parliament; but that an Account of the said Charges and Expences shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within two Months after the Expiration of the Commission, if Parliament shall be then fitting; and if Parliament shall not befitting, then within fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, upon Examination upon Oath or Affirm-tion before the said Commissioners respectively, or if any Person or Persons making any such Affidavit or Deposition as before mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall in such Affidavit or Deposition wilfully and corruptly swear, affirm, or alledge any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XL. And be it further enacted, That on the Day next after this Act shall have received the Royal Assent, the said Commissioners, or any leven or more of them who shall have taken the said Oath as aforesaid, shall meet to receive, or to anoint a proper Person for receiving, all such Applications in Writing as shall he made to them from any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or from any Merchants, Bankers, or Traders in Great Britain, for the Loan and Advance of Money by Exchequer Bills as aforesaid; and shall also then fits and appoint a Day, not later than the fourth Day from the Day of their first Meeting as aforesaid, for taking into their Confederation all such Applications, and shall meet together for that Purpose, and shall proceed with all convenient Dispatch to ascertain the Amount of the Sums in Exchequer Bills which in their Judgement will be immediately requisite to be advanced under this Act, in pursuance of Applications then delivered, and shall forthwith certify such Amount to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, by one or more Certificate or Certificates, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them; and the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall, on Receipt of such Certificate or Certificates, direct the proper Officer or Officers at the said Exchequer to deliver out, in the Manner and under the Regulations herein after mentioned. Exchequer Bills, in equal Proportions, as nearly as may be, of Bills payable at the different Periods specified in this Act, to the Amount specified in such Certificate or Certificates, in case the same shall not exceed the Value of one fourth Part of the Exchequer Bills to be issued in pursuance of this Act; and in case the Amount specified therein as aforesaid shall exceed such fourth Part, then to such Amount as the said Lords Commissioners

appoint Officers, administer Oaths, &c.

Officers to take no other Reward than their Salaries,

Commissioners may examine upon Oath Persons willing to be examined, and receive Depositions made before Magistrates.

Treasury tolffii® Money for de» fraying the Charges in the Execution of this Act; of which an Account shall be laid before Parliament.

Persons giving false Evdence guilty of Perjury*

Commissioners to meet to receive, or appoint a Person to receive, Applications in Writing for the Loan of Exchequer Bills, and tocer—. tity the Amount immediately wanted.

Treasury to dr-rest the Exchequer to ifiTue Billi agreeably tfe Certificates of the Commit* fioocrK

316

Commissioners to ciufe Appli* cations to be cUfTed, and to establish Regulations for apportioning the Sums to be advanced, Sc c.

Commissioners to give to Persons to whom Bills shall he apportioned, Certificates of the Amount, which shalt be lutficient Warrant lor their Delivery.

Bills to bear Date when ifiu ed.

Commissioners may alter Regulations.

Commissioners may appoint Days for coifi-dering Applications from Time to Time, &:c. and the Treafu-ry may direct further Bills to be issued, &c.

Account of Bilb payable on Sep'. 30, 1793, Dec. 30,17.93, and March 3 t, 1794, and not then issued, to be delivered to the Treasury, who may direct a like Number

C. 29. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall, on a Statement of the causes to them or him to be made by the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, deem expedient, and shall, direx.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall, and they are hereby required, before any Appointment of such Exchequer Bills shall be made, to cause all the Applications then delivered to be classed, according to the Amount of the Sums respectively applied for, and the Nature of the Securities tendered, and thfc Circumstances, Situation, and Connexions of the Parties applying, as far as the same shall appear upon the said Applications, and thereupon to draw up and establish such general Rules and Regulations for their own Government in the apportioning and distributing the Sums to be advanced and lent in Exchequer Bills under this AX, to the several Persons applying for the same, as they in their Discretion shall deem equitable and just; all which Rules and Regulations shall, within a convenient Time, be entered in a Book or Books to be prepared and kept by such Commissioners for that Purpose: And the said Commissioners appointed by this AX, according to the true Purport and Meaning of such general Rules and Regulations as aforesaid, shall proceed to take into their Consideration all such Applications which shall specify the Particulars of the Sums required to be advanced as aforesaid, not being in any Case less than the Sum of four thousand Pounds, and which shall tender any Security which the said Commissioners are authorized by this Act to take for the Payment of the Sums to be advanced, and which shall also specify the Nature and Amount thereof; and from Time to Time, on Inquiry into the same respectively, shall determine what Persons shall in their Judgement be entitled to any Part of the Exchequer Bills to be advanced or lent under this AX, and to what Amount, and shall ascertain the Nature and Amount of the Securities to be required from them for the same respectively; and that all such Exchequer Bills shall be distributed in such Proportions, according to the respective Sums and Periods of Payment expressed therein, that the Repayment thereof to be made on each Loan may be made as nearly as may be by equal Installments.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall deliver to all Persons to whom any of the said Exchequer Bills shall be apportioned as aforesaid by the said Commissioners, a Certificate or Certificates, under the Hands and Seals of two or more of such Commissioners, specifying the Amount of the Sums to be advanced and dent, to be respectively numbered and marked in the Course and Order in which the same shall be delivered; which Certificate or Certificates, being deposited with the proper Officer or Officers, shall be a sufficient Authority, without other Warrant, to such Officer or Officers to deliver such Exchequer Bills to the like Amount and Value as shall be described in and by such Certificate or Certificates of such Commissioners, provided that the total Amount to be iflbed by virtue of such Certificates shall not at any one Time exceed the Amount of Exchequer Bills directed to be iflbed by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, as herein mentioned; and every such Exchequer Bill shall bear Date on the Day on which the same shall be issued, and shall and may be signed by the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, or in his Name, by any Person duly authorized by the said Auditor to sign the same, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, in Writing under their Hands, or of any three or more of them; and the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall have Power and Authority from Time to Time to revise and alter such Rules and Regulations as aforesaid, as they shall see Occasion; but that no such Revision or Alteration shall be valid, unless agreed to at a Board of the said Commissioners, confiding of eleven or more of them, convened upon three Days Notice for that Purpose.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall fix and appoint proper and convenient Days for taking into Consideration such Applications as shall from Time to Time be made to them, not being in any Case for less than the Sum of Kfour thousand Pounds as aforesaid, and shall ascertain the Amount of such Exchequer Bills as shall be required to be from Time to Time issued for the Purposes of this AX, and by like Certificate or Certificates, as aforesaid, certify the same to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, who shall and may, on Receipt thereof, direx further Exchequer Bills to be iflbed to such Amount, from Time to Time, as the Exigency of the Case shall, in their or his Judgement, require to be iflbed, in equal Proportions, as nearly as may be, of Bills, payable at such of the different Periods specified in this Act as shall be subsequent to the Time when such IAues shall be to be made respectively, until the Whole of the Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall have been iflbed for the Purposes aforesaid; and the said Commissioners by this Act appointed shall, from Time to Time, proceed to determine to what Amount such Exchequer Bills shall be advanced to the Persons respectively applying for the same under this AX, and shall grant Certificates thereof to the proper Officer or Officers, at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, in such Form, and under the like Rules and Regulations, as are herein-before mentioned concerning the Exchequer Bills to be first iflbed as aforesaid; and such Officers shall, from Time to Time, deliver such Exchequer Bills in the Form and in the Manner before directed.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case all the Exchequer Bills authorized by this Act to be issued, and directed to be respectively made* payable, either on the thirtieth Day of September now next ensuing, the thirtieth Day of December then next ensuing, or the thirty-first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, shall not be iflbed from the said Exchequer in pursuance of this Act before such Days respectively, the proper Officer or Officers at the said Exchequer shall from Time to Time deliver an Account of the same to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners of trie Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to direx a like Number of Exchequer Bills to the kme Amount to be made out at the said Exchequer, in lieu of the

Bills

1

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 29. 317

Bills not issued there as aforesaid; and that the same shall be made payable, in equal Proportions, as near as may be, upon the several Days then to come, on which Exchequer Bills are by this Act directed to be made payable, and shall be iflfued and applied in like Manner, and to the like Purposes, as the Exchequer Bills, in lieu whereof the same are to be made, are by this Act directed to be issued and applied.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That such Officers by whom such Exchequer Bills shall be delivered shall, from Time to Time, upon the Requisition of the said Commissioners hereby appointed, deliver to them, at their Office, complete Lists of all the Exchequer Bills made out by them, specifying therein the respective Dates and Sums expressed therein, and the Periods appointed for the Payment of the same, and distinguishing therein the Persons to whom, and the Numbers of the Certificates by virtue whereof, the same were issued respectively.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Exchequer Bills shall be advanced or lent, shall previously enter into such Security, in such Sum or Sums of Money, and with such Sureties, or such Deposits of Goods, as the Case may require, and the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall deem necessary; which Securities the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall by their Discretion have full Power and Authority to cause to be taken as herein after is mentioned; and that every Security to be taken in pursuance of this Act, as well of the principal Party as of such Sureties respectively, shall be by Writing Obligatory to our Sovereign Lord the King, in such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed by such Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, by virtue of this Act, to be paid to our said Lord the King, by such Form of Words as Obligations to the King's Majesty have been used to be made, and with such Conditions to be thereunder written, as by such Commissioners shall be deemed proper; and that all such Obligations to be so made shall be good and effectual in the Law, and shall be of the same Quality, Force, and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Obligation made to our Sovereign Lord the now King, or his Predecessors, or any of them, hath at any Time heretofore been or now is adjudged, received, or taken to be, any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Securities which shall be entered into by the Person or Persons to whom and to whose Account any such Exchequer Bills shall be advanced, shall be made in such Sum, not less than double the Amount of the principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall in their Discretion direct; and that in every such Case, if the Party or Parties shall enter into such Security, without any Surety or Sureties, then such Party or Parties shall, over and above such Security, deposit or cause to be deposited in the Custody of the said Commissioners, or of such Persons as they shall appoint, by Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them. Wares or Merchandizes, of the proper Goods of such Party or Parties, or in his or their Possession and Disposition, and wherein he or they shall have a specifick Interest, to a certain Amount which shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, (the Duties of Customs and Ex-cife payable upon the same, in case any such Duties shall by Law be payable upon such Goods, being first duly satisfied, and which shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint,) bearing a Proportion, not less than is herein after mentioned, to the Value of the principal Sums so to be advanced, and which Wares or Merchandizes shall be delivered to the said Commissioners, or to such Persons as they shall appoint as aforesaid, at such Place or Places, herein after mentioned, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall appoint, and shall be secured and kept in proper Warehouses at such Places respectively, to be approved of by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, under such Regulations as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall prescribe, and such Wares and Merchandizes shall not be liable to be attached or seized, or removed or taken from or out of the Custody of the said Commissioners, by any Process either in Law or Equity, or by the Custom of the City of London, or other Place in this Kingdom, or by or under any Commission of Bankruptcy not actually issued at the Time when such Deposit shall be made, unless the principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills, as shall be advanced or lent on the Security of the said Wares or Merchandizes, together with such Interest as shall be directed to be paid by this Act, shall be first paid or satisfied at the Times or in the Manner herein after mentioned, or without having obtaioed the previous Consent of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, under their Hands, for such Attachment or Seizure, or for the Removal of the same, according to the Directions of this Act, or by the Order of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, as herein after is mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Question shall arise respecting the Property of any Wares or Merchandizes which shall be deposited as aforesaid, or any Interest therein, or the Money arising by Sale thereof, or any Part thereof, or any Persons or Person claiming such Wares or Merchandizes, or any Interest therein, or the Produce thereof, or any Part thereof, shall and may apply in a summary Way, by Motion or otherwise, touching the same, to the said Courts of Exchequer respectively, as the Case may require, who shall proceed to inquire into the Validity of such Claim, and shall thereupon order such Wares or Merchandizes, or any Part thereof, or any Money which shall have arisen by Sale thereof, or any Part thereof, to be delivered or paid to such Person or Persons, upon such Terms, and in such Manner, as the said Courts respectively shall direct.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act to advance and lend Exchequer Bills, to be made out in pursuance of this Act, on Wares or Merchandizes lodged and secured in the King's Warehouses, or in Warehouses under the Management or Controul of the respective Commissioners of Customs and Excise, or either of them, in England or Scotland respectively,

of Bills to be made out in lieu thereof, &c.

Lists of Exchequer Bills made out, to be delivered to the Commissioner;.

Persons to whom Bills shall be advanced to enter into Security, &c.

How Securities shall be given, &c.

How Quell ion j respecting Property deposited shall be determined.

Commissionerf may advance Bills on Wares lodged, as herein specified.

318 C. 29. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

which shall not be removed without their Authority.

Officers of the Customs or Excise, at the Placet herein specified, to receive Deposits, and transmit Certificates thereof to the Commissionen.

respectively, or in the Custody of any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise respectively, in Bri/Iol, Hully Liverpool, the City and Port of Glasgow, the City of Edinburgh, or Town and Port of Leith, or any of them, but not elsewhere, on the estimated Value of the said Wares or Merchandizes, exclusive of the Duties chargeable thereon; and that such Wares or Merchandizes shall remain in such Warehouses respectively, under the Management or Controul of such respective Commissioners of Customs and Exfcife, under the several Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions now established by Law, except as herein is excepted; provided that no such Wares or Merchandizes shall be removed from any such Warehouses or Warehouse without the Authority of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, signified to such respective Commissioners of Customs and Excise, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the principal Officers of Customs or Excise resident at any of the Places herein after mentioned, that is to say, Bristol\ Hull, Liverpool^ the City and Port of Glasgow, the City of Edinburgh, or Town and Port of Leith, or any other Officers or Officer of Customs or Excise at# such Places respectively, being duly authorized by the respective principal Officers as aforesaid, shall receive into their Custody respectively any Wares or Merchandizes intended to be deposited as a Security for any Loan to be advanced under this Act, and forthwith transmit a Certificate under their or his Hands to the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, certifying the Nature, Quantity, and Quality thereof.

Duties on Deposits shall not be demanded, or Warehouse Room for^To* bacco, while warehoused tinder this Act.

Commissioners may advance Bills on Merchandize de posited in Warehouses belonging to the East India Company, without its being removed.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Duty payable by Law for such Wares and Merchandizes shall not be required or demanded during such Time as such Wares or Merchandizes shall remain m any such Warehouses or Warehouse under the Authoritity of this Act; nor shall any Warehouse Rent, in case of Tobacco, be demanded by reason of its continuing in any such Warehouses or Warehouse under the Authority of this Act* any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act to advance and lend Exchequer Bill?, to be made out in pursuance of this Act, on Wares and Merchandizes deposited in any Warehouse or Warehouses in Great Britain, belonging to the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, on delivering to the said Commissioners all such Warrants or Warrant, under which such Party or Parties to whom such Exchequer Bill shall be advanced shall have become entitled to such Wares or Merchandizes, without being compelled to remove the same from or out of such Warehouse or Warehouses into the Custody of such Commissioners.

Each Surety responsible lor no more than he subscribes to j but no Bill# to be issued, unless the Sums set against the Name# of the several Sureties amount to double the Sum to be advanced, Sec,

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where such Security shall be entered into with such Surety or Sureties as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall in their Discretion approve, then each of the Sureties in such Security shall be bound in such Sum, and no more, as he shall set and subscribe against his Name upon such Security: Provided that no Exchequer Bills shall be issued on the Security last mentioned, unless the Amount of all the Sums set and subscribed against the Names of the several Sureties upon the said Security shall amount in the Whole to double the Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills so to be advanced on the Credit thereof, nor on any Deposit of Goods to a greater Amount than in the Proportion of fifty Pounds per Centum in case the said Goods are manufactured, or of sixty Pounds per Centum in case the said Goods are unmanufactured, on the Value of such Deposit, or on the Value of the specifick Interest which the Party or Parties depositing the (lime shall have therein as aforesaid.

Commissioners to provide Warehouses for securing Merchants ze deposited, and appoint Officers to take care thereof, &c.

and may change

Securities, and order Deposits to be redeliveredj

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall and they are hereby authorized and required, to provide from Time tol'ime such Warehouses or Places as they shall deem requisite for lodging and securing all such Wares or Merchandizes as shall be deposited with them under the Directions of this Act, at the several Cities, Towns, and Places herein after mentioned; that is to say, London, Bristol, Hull, Liverpool, and the City and Port of Glasgow, the City of Edinburgh, and Town and Port of Leith, and not elsewhere, and to appoint the necessary Officers to attend and have the Care of such Wares or Merchandizes at such Warehouses or Places respectively, and to cause all such Wares or Merchandizes, or the respective Packages containing the same, to be numbered, marked, weighed, or taken an Account of, in such Manner, and from Time to Time, at such Times as the said Commissioners shall deem necessary, so as to avoid any Damage or Loss to the respective Proprietors thereof by reason of such Deposits; and it shall be in the Discretion and Power of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to make all necessary Regulations from Time to Time for the Receipt, safe Custody, and Delivery out of such Wares and Merchandizes deposited in such Warehouse or Warehouses, or other Places, and from Time to Time to permit the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or their respective Agents or Factors, or other Persons duly authorized, to inspect, examine, and take reasonable Samples of the same, provided that upon the Application of the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Wares or Merchandizes deposited under this Act, and upon Proof made before the Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, or before such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, but nevertheless to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners of the Expediency of re-delivering the lame to such Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Assignee or Assigns, for the Purpose of Trade, before thfc Sums advanced or lent thereon shall be paid or satisfied; and upon a Tender of such Security for the due Payment thereof as is herein mentioned, or of other Goods of equal Value, to be deposited in like Manner, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, in their Discretion, to change the Security for such Loan, and to direct and order such Wares and Merchandizes to be redelivered to such Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Assignee or Assigns, on de-13 pofiting

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 29. 319

pofiting other Goods as aforesaid, or giving such Security as by this Act is directed to be taken for the Payment of all the Principal Sums advanced and lenVon the said Wares and Merchandizes, and which shall be then unpaid, together with such Interest for the same as by this Act is limited, at the respective Days or Times appointed for Payment of the same: And Further, that where any Payment of the said Principal Sums, with °p Payment

Interest, shall have been duly made on or before the Day appointed for Payment thereof, the said Commis- a"d

sioners, or any seven or more of then}, upon the Application of the Proprietor or Proprietors of any V/ares 0"d*rea ^por^ or Merchandizes deposited as aforesaid, his, her, or their Assignee or Assigns, shall direct and order a Part rional Part of of such Wares and Merchandizes, the estimated Value whereof shall, as nearly as conveniently maybe, in Deport* tube the Judgement of such Commissioners, bear the same Proportion to the estimated Value of the Whole, which «-deiivciti, &c. such Principal Sum so repaid shall bear to the Whole of the Principal Sums advanced and lent on any such Wares and Merchandizes, to be re-delivered to such Proprietor c r Proprietors, his or their Assignee or Assigns, and so from Time to Time, on every such respective Installment being so paid and satisfied, on or before the Day when the same shall respectively become payable; and in like Manner shall re-deliver the Whole of such Wares or Merchandizes, on Payment of all the Principal Sums advanced and lent thereon, together with Interest; and that upon producing the Certificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, with the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England thereunto annexed, signifying the Payment thereof as aforesaid, the Officer or Officers having the Care of such Wares or Merchandizes shall deliver out of the Warehouse or Warehouses, or other Places wherein the same shall be so deposited, the Whole or so much of the said Wares or Merchandizes as shall be mentioned or expressed in such Certificate or Certificates of such Commissioners.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where a Permit shall be required by V/ber- Permit Law for the Removal of any Wares or Merchandizes from Place to Place within this Kingdom, such Permit x^V^rTv^aH shall be required in all Cases for the Removal of the like Wares or Merchandizes to or from any Ware- be required for house or Warehouses to be provided or used under the Authority of this Act. Removal of like

Wares under this Act\«

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons depositing or causing to be deposited any Wares or Merchandizes under this Act, shall, at his and their proper Charges, if required so to do by the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, cause the same to be in lured from any Loss by Fire, for and during such Time as the said Wares or Merchandizes shall be deposited in any Warehouse or Warehouses, or other Place, in pursuance of this Act, for such Sum or Sums of Money, and with such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners shall direct or approve.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Sums contained in the Exchequer Bills which shall be advanced or lent by the said Commissioners under the Authority of this Act shall be repaid, without Deduction or Abatement, together with Interest for the same, by Inllallments, as herein after is mentioned;

(that is to say,) the Principal Sum in each and every Exchequer Bill shall be repaid to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England at their Office, together with Interest for the same, at and after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, by the Space of fifteen Days at leaf! before the Time when each such Exchequer Bill shall become payable, according to the Provisions of this Act, such Interest to be computed on the said Principal Sam from the Date of such Exchequer Bill to the Time of Payment thereof; and if any Default shall be made by any Person or Persons in the Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money within the respectiveTimes herein-before limited for Payment thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners hereby appointed, or any seven or more of them, by any Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause so much as they shall think necessary of the Wares and Merchandizes deposited or being in any such Warehouse or Warehouses, or other Places, by or on Account of such Defaulter or Defaulters, as a Security for such Payment, such Wares and Merchandizes not bearing a greater Proportion to the estimated Value of the Whole than the Sum so due and in Arrear shall bear to the whole Sum advanced on the Credit of such Wares or Merchandizes, to be appraised and sold at publick Auction to thchigheft Bidder, under such Terms and Conditions of Sale as such Commissioners shall direct, for and towards satisfying such Part of the Sums advanced on such Wares and Merchandizes as shall be then due, together with Interest as aforesaid, and with such Costs and Charges attending such Sale, as shall be allowed by the said Commissioners; and the Money arising from such Sale shall be forthwith paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, towards satisfying the Sum or Sums directed by such Commissioners to be raised thereby, and the Residue thereof shall be reserved at the said Bank of England, and carried to the Account of future Payments to be made by such Defaulter or Defaulters, if any shall remain to be made, and the Overplus (if any be, after satisfying all Sums advanced on such Wares or Merchandizes, with the Interest, Cofis, and Charges as aforesaid) to be paid to such Defaulter or Defaulters, or such other Person or Persons as shall appear to such Commissioners to be entitled to the same, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall respectively appoint to receive the fjme: And further, that in case any such Default shall be made, and no Wares or Merchandizes shall be deposited With the said Commissioners, or that the same shall be found, or shall become insufficient in Value to satisfy the Whole of the Demand from such Defaulter or Defaulters, it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required without further Delay, to issue their Warrant or Warrants, from'l ime to Time, to the proper Officer or Officers of the Crown having the Direction or Management of ProceedingsuponObligations to his Alar-jesty, requiring such Officer or Officers presently to proceed against all or any of the Persons who shall haveen-

33 Geo. III. Tt tered

Persons depn--filing Wires in.'ure them, if requited to do so by the Commissioners.

Principal Sumt of Exchequer Bills, with Interest, to be repaid by Install-menti, and if not duly paid the Commissionera may order a Part of the Deposits to be sold*

Produce of I>e-posits.so fold t» he paid to the Bank.

In case of Default in due Payment, whereDe-posits have not been made, 1 be Commissioner* to direct the Sureties to be pro ceded

&'c.

3*0

In Proceeding! seainst Obligors i\o Writ of Scire facias requisite, &c#

After du? Payment of Sums advanced with lmereft, Obligations to be cancelled*

In ft ailments may be paid in Money, or Exchequer Bilb payable not later' thap i $ Days thereafter.

Commissioners may authorize the fJ-nk to employ Monies pai.i, in Hurchase ot txchtquer Bills.

After Payment

cf Sums advanced determined by the

Commissioners O ili^i'ions with Sureties to ftznd a* further Secure iiN for the P n poles herein rr.aativucd.

C. 29. Anno triegfimo tertio Georg ij 1,11. A*. D. 1793;

tered into any Security for the Sum advanced, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators,' for the Recovery of such Parts of the Sums advanced on such Securities as shall be then due, together with Interest as aforesaid, and such Costs and Charges attending such Proceeding as shall be by Law payable for the same; the Amount of which Principal Sums 10 to be levied tnc said Commissioners shall cause from Time to Time to be tellihed by their Note in Writing, under the Hands of any tvvoor more of them, to such Officer or Officers, and which Sum shall be inferred in the Writ or Process, and the like Process dial and may from Time to Time issue as aforesaid, as Occasion shall require; and tnc Sums so recovered ( the Costs and Charges aforesaid excepted) (h ill be paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, without Abatement, Deduction, or Delay, in Satisfaction of such Demands; and it shall be in the Discretion of the said Commissioners to direct against which of the Obligors in such Security such Proceedings shall be from Time to Time commenced 01 prosecuted; and the said Commissioners shall have the Controul and Super'm* tendance of such Prosecutions, and the same shall not be discontiiiu^d, quashed, or abated, upon any Pretence* whatever, without the Authority of the said Commissioners, tdtihed undjr the Hands and Seals of any twa or more of them,-and exhibited to the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, or to* the Court of Exchequer in Scs land, as the Case may rcqtrre.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Proceeding shall be directed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid against any of the Obligors or Obligor name*! in any such Obligation* no Writ or Writs of Scire facias shall be required to be iileed, but that upon the Production of the Warrant or Warrants of the said Commissioners as before mentioned, before any of the Barons of the said respective Courts of Exchequer, and in case such intended Proceeding shall be against any Sureties or Surety, then upon Proof of Notice having been served upon such Party or Parties, or left at his or their usual Place or Places of Abode respectively, ten Days at lead before such Application shall be made to such Baron, an Extent shall and may issue in the first Process upon the Fiat of such Baron without any Affidavit, or other Verification or Proof of the Cause of such Proceeding, than such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That after the due Payment of the Sums advanced, with Interest as aforesaid, at the Times and in the Manner herein specified, every such Obligation entered into in pursuance of this Act, being fully satisfied according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be forthwith delivered up to be Cancelled; and in case any such Obligation shall have been prosecuted according to the Directions of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall, by tl eir Warrant or Warrants, direct the proper Officer or Officers of the said respective Courts of Exchequer to enter up Sitiffaction on such Obligation or Obligations so being satisfied as aforesaid, upon the Record, or otherwise to deliver up the same to be cancelled, as the Case may require.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Payment of any of the Installments of the Sums advanced by virtue of this Act may be made either in Money or in any of the Exchequer Bills to be issued by virtue of this Act, which shall have become due at the Time of such Payment, or which shall be payable at a Period not later than fifteen Days next after the Day appointed by this Act for the Payment of such installment, in Discharge of which such Exchequer Bills shall be paid.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, by Writing uncer the Hands and Seals of any seven or more of them, to authorize the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England to employ any Monies which shall be paid as aforesaid in the Purchase of any Bills which shall be payable at the Period then next ensuing, and shall write thereon, in Words at Length, the Day of the Month and Year in which he or they so purchased such Bills, to which respective Days the said Cashier or Cashiers shall be allowed the Interest upon his or their paying the same into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid; provided that no Interest shall run or be paid upon or for any such Bills during the Time they shall remain in the Hands of such Caftiier or Cashiers, but for such Time the Interest on every such Bill shall cease.

XXXItl. And be it further enacted, That every Obligation with any Sureties or Surety to be taken according to this Act, after Payment or Recovery thereupon by the said Commissioners of the Sums advanced or lent, with all Interests and Costs, in the Manner required by this Act, shall (land and remain as a further Security for the Purposes and in the Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) If any Surety or Sureties upon such Obligation, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, shall have paid or satisfied any Parc of such Sums, Interest, or Costs, then such Obligation, as against the principal Obligor or Obligors, hisoc the:r Htirs, Executors, or Administrators, shall Itand as a Security as aforesaid, for the Reimbursement to such Sureties respectively, their Executors or Administrators, of the Whole of the Sums so paid or satisfied, and lo from Time to Time, until such Reimbursement shall he fully made, according to the Intent of this Act; and if any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Executors or Administrators, shall have paid or satisfied a Sum which shall bear a greater Proportion to the Whole of the Sums recovered upon such Obligation, than the Sum for which such Surety respectively shall have been bound, shall bear to the total Amount of ali the several Sums of Money for which all the several Sureties shall have been bound by such Obligation, then such Obligation, as against each and every of the Sureties who shall not have paid or satisfied an equal Proportion of the whole Sum recovered, according to the Sum for which he shall have been respectively bound, their and every of their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators respectively, shall stand as a Security for the Benefit of such Sureties or Surety, their Executors or Administrators respedaYely, who shall have paid or

7 Luisfiei

4h'D. 1793. Anno tricelinio tertio Georgii III. C. 29.

satisfied any such Sums as aforesaid, for the Purpose of enforcing a Contribution amongst such Sureties, in an equal Proportion to the several Sums for which they shall have been respectively bound, and so from Tune to Time, until such Contribution shall be fully made according to the Intent of this Act; and that in every inch Case, upon the Application of any Sureties or Surety to the said Commissioners for any of the Purposes aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall cause the respective Claims of such Sureties or Surety respectively, and the Sums to be recovered from such Principals or Sureties respectively, their and every of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to be adjusted and settled as herein is mentioned, so that the whole Sum recovered shall be distributed in an equal Proportion, according to the Sums for which each Surety respectively shall have been bound in the same Obligation, and lb from Time to Time as the Case (hill require; and thereupon the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, by Warrant or Warrants in Writing under their Hands, shall from Time to Time direct Process to issue for the Recovery of such Sums as they shall have so adjusted and settled, to be respectively recovered from and paid to such Persons respectively as they shall specify in such Warrant or Warants, under and subject to the several Regulations and Directions in tills Act contained as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That such Process as aforesaid shall and may lawfully issue on any such Obligation as aforesaid, against any such Principals or Principal, their or his Heirs, Executors, or Ad-jninistrators, for the Benefit of any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Executors or Administrators, and against any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators as aforesaid, for the Benefit of any Co-Sureties or Co-Surety, their or his Executors or Administrators, notwithstanding the whole Sum which shall have been advanced to such Principals or Principal shall have been repaid; and in case any Sureties or Surety shall become bound, by distinct Obligations or Obligation, for the same Persons or Person, and for or on Account of the same Advancement, all and every the Provisions aforesaid shall be applied in like Manner as well for the Benefit of as against such Sureties or Surety, and against such Principals or Principal, as if all such Sureties and Principals respectively were named in the same Obligation.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Wares and Merchandizes deposited with the said Commissioners, under the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act, shall be for such Purposes vested in the said Commissioners by the Name of The Commissioners for the Issue of certain Exchequer Bil/sy and that the said Commissioners shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, and that no Action or Suit in Law or Equity to be brought or commenced by or against the said Commissioners on account of this Act, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Secretary, or by the Act of such Secretary without the Consent of the said Commissioners; but the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the Time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit as the Case may be; and no Action or Suit shall be brought against the said Commissioners, collectively or individually, or against their Secretary, except in one of the said Courts of Exchequer, and with the Leave of such Court hrft had and obtained, and upon such Terms and Conditions as the said Courts shall direct.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all A£h, Matters, and Things which the said Commissioners appointed by this Act are hereby required or authorized to do or execute, shall and may be done and exe- cuted by any seven or more of them, unless the same shall be otherwise specially provided by this Act

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Governors and Directers of the Bank of England shall, and they are hereby required, to open an Account in their Books with the Commissioners, hereby appointed, under the Title of Commissioners for the Issue of certain Exchequer Bills, and carry to the Credit of such Account the several Monies by this Act directed to be paid to the Cashiers of the Bank; and whensoever the said Commissioners shall have advanced orient any of the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to any Person or Persons, the said Commissioners shall, at some Time before the Sums contained therein shall be to be repaid, deliver to such Person or Persons, at his or their Request, one or more Certificate or Certificates under their Hands, specifying the Value of every such Exchequer Bill, the respective Dates thereof, and the Times when they respectively will become payable by virtue of this Act; and the said Cashiers of the Bank, or one of them, shall, upon the Production of such last mentioned Certificate or Certificates, by the Space of fifteen Days or more before such Exchequer Bills shall become payable, accept and receive from the Person or Persons producing the same the Amount of the Principal Sums contained therein, together with such Interest, to be computed from the Date thereof to the Time of Payment as aforesaid, and at the Foot of such last mentioned Certificate or Certificates acknowledge the Receipt of the said Agonies; and that whentoever the said Commissioners shall, by their Warrant or Order, have directed such Monies to be raised or levied by Sale of any Wares or Merchandizes deposited by virtue of this Adr, or by any Proceedings on any Securities taken by virtue thereof, in Default of such Payment as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall deliver to the Officer or Officers executing the same respectively a like Certificate as aforesaid, and further specifying therein the Amount of the Monies to be so raised or levied, and the Substance of such Warrant or Order to raile or levy the same; and the said Cashiers of the Bank, or any one of them, shall, upon the Production of such last mentioned Certificate, accept and receive from such Officer or Officers the Monies so raised or levied in Satisfaction of the Payments whereof Default shall be so made as aforesaid, and at the Foot of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies, without Fee or Reward; and every such Receipt shall be afterwards brought to the Office of the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and by them entered in proper Books, to be provided and kept for that Purpose, and the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall attest the same under their Hands, and return the same to the Person or Persons producing the same at the said Office and every such Receipt so attested, and every such Entry in any

32r

Om villi inert tray order Clums of Sureties to be al-justed, nd I'rru cess to be issued. for Recovery thereof.

Process may issue agiinlt Principals for the Benefit of Sureties, &c.

Dspofits to be vested in the Commissioners, who may sue and be sued in the Name c£ their Secretary.

Seven Commissioners may Act.

B.ink to open an Account with the Commissioners.

Commissioners to grant Certificates of Bills advanced.

Bank on Production of such Certificate1, to give Receipt# for the Principal Sums therein contained, and Intei eft.

When Money shall 1 e levied by S lie of Deposits, &c. the Commission ere to deliver to Uie Off.cer a like Certificate, on Production of which, the Bank to give a R e. ceipt for the Money.

Receipts to be enured and at*.

322

tested by the Commissioners, which shall be a Discharge.

Money paid into the Bank, to be, from Time re> Time, paid into the Exchequer, and kept a-p3rt from other Monies, and to be subject to the Uses herein i|e-cifkd.

Treasury to

«au c Accounts so be taken of Exchequer Bills when payable, and of the Money in the Exchequer to discharge them:

Any Deficiency to be made good from the Supplies or the Consolidated Fund.

M'nics issued out of the Con-iolidated Fund to be replaced out of the first S jppliei.

Monies afterwards paid in pursuance of this

Rank may advance Money on she Credit of Uift Art,

C. 29. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793

of the said Books, shall respectively from thenceforth be an Acquittance and Discharge for the Sums ?x-pressed therein rohave been received, as against the said Commissioners, and every of them, their and every of their Executors and Administrators, as well to the Person or Persons to whom such Receipts shall be given, as to all and every the Persons who shall have entered into any Security in respect of the Exchequer Bills mentioned in such Certificate to which such Receipt shall be subscribed, their and every of their Heirs* Executors, and Administrators relpe£lively.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be paid into the Bank of England, under or by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at IvcJlmtnjUr, distin£lly and apart from all other Monies; and that therer shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act shall be entered, separate and apart from all other Monies paid into the said Receipt upon any other Account whatever; and that all the Monies so paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act shall be subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned; (that is to lay,) In the first Place, for paying off and discharging all the Exchequer Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act, with such Interest as shall be payable thereon at the respective Days and Times, and in the Order and Course in which the same are hereby directed to be discharged; and all such Exchequer Bills, and Interest thereon as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon and shall be repaid and borne by and out of the first Monies that shall arile in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer accordingly *, and alter paying off and discharging the same, in the next Place to pay off ali the Charges and Expences which shall be incurred by the said Commissioners hereby appointed in carrying this Act into Execution, and to make good all such Sums as shall have been issued to the said Commissioners out of the publick Monies towards the said Charges and Expences in pursuance of the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, according to the Directions of this Act, and also to pay and satisfy all Charges and Expences incident to or attending the making out such Exchequer Bills; and if any Surplus shall remain of the Monies paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act, after satisfying the faveral Sums hereby charged thereon as aforesaid, such Surplus shall be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That on the several Days and Times on which such Exchequer Bills are hereby directed to be discharged, that is to say, on the thirtieth Day of September next entiling the passing of this Act, the thirtieth Day of December then next ensuing, the thirty-first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and the thirtieth Day of June then next ensuing, or within ten; Days after such Days respectively, the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall cause a true and perfect Account in Writing to be taken, and nttested by the proper Officers, of all the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, which shall become payable on the respective Days and Times before ipccified, and of the Monies which shall then be in the said Receipt applicable to the paying oft' and discharging the same; and If tha Money which shall have arisen in the said Exchequer for or on Account of the Payments to be made by the Bank of England by virtue of this Act, on the respective Periods before-mentioned, shall not be sufficient to discharge the whole Principal and Interest due as aforesaid on the several Exchequer Bills to be issued in pursuance of this Act, then such Deficiency shall and may be supplied and made good by and out of the Aids or Supplies which shall have been or shall be granted in this or any subsequent Session of Parliament; and in case the Monies arising from such Aids or Supplies shall not at that Time be sufficient for that Purpose, then all the said Exchequer Bills remaining undischarged, with the Interest and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as at any Time or Times, after any such Deficiency shall happen, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund, (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as are appropriated to any particular Ule or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf,) and such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be issued and applied, from Time to Time, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying oft, cancelling, and discharging such remaining Exchequer Bills, Interest, and Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid oft, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whatever Monies shall be so issued out of the said Consolidated Fund shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be thenafter granted in Parliament, any'Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, That whatever Monies shall be afterwards paid by the Bank of England into the said Receipt in pursuance of this Act, shall be applied towards replacing the Monies before issued of the said Aids or Supplies, or out of the said Consolidated Fund, as the Calc may be, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Art to be applied towards replacing Deficiencies.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to his Majesty, in like Manner, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of five Millions; any Thing in an Act made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King V/i lli am and Queen Mary, (intituled, An Act for granting to their Majflies several Rates and Duties upon

323

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 29.

Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred t pouf and Pounds, towards carrying on the War agairji France,) to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners hereby appointed shall from Time to Time at their Discretion, or as often as they shall be thereunto required, during their carrying on any Proceedings by virtue of this Act, and as soon as possible after the Determination of such Proceedings, without any further Requisition, give an Account of their Proceedings, in Writing, to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall decline to act in the Execution of the Powers and Trusts hereof, or, having begun to act, shall decline to adt any further therein, or shall depart this Life during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the remaining Commissioners, or the major Part of them, acting as aforesaid, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to constitute and appoint such Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, in the Place of the Commissioner or Commissioners so refilling to act, or declining further to act, or dying as aforesaid, as the said acting Commissioners, or the major Part of them, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit, and so often as such Case shall happen; and the Person or Persons so constituted and appointed by the said Commissioners, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, having first qualified to act, by taking and subscribing the Oath herein-before provided and directed, shall be inverted with the same Powers and Authorities as are given or delegated by this Act unto the said Commissioner or Commissioners constituted by this Act respectively.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, advancing any of the Exchequer Bills to be iiliied by virtue of this Act by Way of Loan to any Persons who may be willing to accept such Exchequer Bills, valuing the same at the Sum which shall be expressed therein respectively, together with such Interest as may have accrued thereon at the Time of advancing such Loan, to charge and receive Interest for such Loan, at the Rate of live Pounds per Centum per Annum, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may receive and fend all their Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, provided that such Letters and Packets, as shall be lent to the said Commissioners be directed to the Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills at their Office, and that all such Letters and Packets as shall be sent by them be dated from their said Office, and shall be signed, on the Outside of such Letters and Packets, by such Person as the said Commissioners, with five. Consent of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, shall appoint, and under such Restrictions and Regulations as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall think, proper and direct.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That any Wares or Merchandizes sold by publick Sale by 'Way of Auction, under the Authority of this Act, shall and may be (bid free of the Duty impole-d upon Sales by Auction.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, until fourteen Days Notice thereof, in Writing, shall have been given to the Secretary for the Time being of the said Commissioners, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or a Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action shall he brought in the said respective Courts of Exchequer, and shall be laid in the County of Middlesex or City o( Edinburgh respectively, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, shall and may piead the General Issue, and give this Act and the speciul Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear 1 to be done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without fourteen Days Notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the: Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or PlaintilFs shall become nonsuited, or (ufter a Discontinuance of his, heY, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and fnaji have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cults of Suit in any other Caies by Law.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counter (cited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act or afliff in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering, any Certificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners by this Act appointed as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Receiptor Receipts to be given by the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, in pursuance of this Act; or shall wilfully deliver to the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer for the Time being, or to any Officer appointed by him, or to the said Commissioners by this Act appointed, or any of them, or to any Officer or Officers appointed by them, or any of them, in the Execution of the Powers of this Act; or shall utter any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Certificate or Certificates, Receiptor Receipts, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Person whomsoever, then and in every such Case all and every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof.

lawfully.

Commissioners to give an Account of their Proceedings to the Treasury.

Major Part of Commissioners may fill up Vacancies by Death, &c. wi'h, the Consent of the Treasury,

Persons advancing Exchequer Bills may cna*ge 5 per Cent. ?n:e-rest.

Commissioners may receive and fend Le:ters frcc-of Pofldge.

Deposits not liable to the Auction Duty.

Limitation cF Anions.

General lflos.

Treble CofU.

Persons counterfeiting Certificates, &c, guilty of Felony,

c.

324

Comfflf ncement of AdV.

A formations may be administered.

Act may be al-leied or repealed in this Session,

Ferfot»« makinf* or afijfiling in rmkinp, Transfers of Stock in any other Names than the Owners, guilty of Felony .$

al£> Persons forpinp, or assisting in forging. Transfer?, &c.

and also Persons making, or abiding in making, faife Entries in the Bo <ks of the Bank., &c.

Persons making out, &c. faife Dividend Warrants to be transported for *4 Yea;s.

C. 29, 3°. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without,

Benefit of Clergy.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence from and immediately after the lame shall have received the Royal Assent.

L. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where an Oath may be administered by this Act, it shall be lawful to administer an Affirmation in lieu thereof, as the Case may require.

LI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament,

CAP. XXX.

An Act for the better preventing Forgeries and Frauds in the Transfers of the several Funds transferable at the Bank of England.

[30th April 1793.]

WHEREAS the Laws now in being have been found inefficient to prevent Forgeries and Frauds in the transferring Stocks, Annuities, and other publick F unds, transferrable at the Bank of England:

And whereas, for the better preventing such Forgeries and Frauds in future, it isneceflary that further Provision should be made, as well to prevent Frauds practised by Persons taking upon themselves to make Transfers, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of Stock or Annuities, or other Funds, transferrable as aforesaid, whereof such Persons are not the true Owners and Proprietors, as to prevent Forgeries of such Transfers in the Names of the true Owners or Proprietors: And whereas it is also necessary, the better to prevent such Forgeries and Frauds, that the publick Accounts between the Governor and Company of the Bank of England and the several Owners and Proprietors of Stock,

Annuities, and other Funds, transferrable at the Bank of England, should be secured from Falsification by Means of faife Entries therein, or' of the Alteration of any of the Words or Figures thereof, or by any other Ways or Means whatsoever :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, if any Person or Persons shall wilfully make, or assist in making, any Transfer of any Interest, Part, or Share of or in any Stock or Stocks, Annuity or Annuities, or other Funds, transferrable at the Bank of England, in any of the Books of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in which Transfers of Stock, Annuities, or other P'unds, as aforesaid are made, in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons not being the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, of such Stock, Annuities, or other Funds, transferrable as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any other Body Politick or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, such Person or Persons so making, or assisting in making, such Transfer as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons, without Benefit of Clergy.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, falicly make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or shall willingly abl or assist in the falsely making, forging, or counterfeiting of tany Transfer of any Interest, Part, or Share of or in any Stock or Stocks, Annuity or Annuities, or other Funds, transferrable, or which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall hereafter be made transferrable, at the Bank of England, or of or in the Capital Stock belonging, or which hereafter shall or may belong to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Bank Stock, or shall utter or publish as true any such faife, forged, or counterfeited Transfer as aforesaid, knowing the lame to be faife, forged, or counterfeited, with Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any other Body Politick or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever; all and every Person or Persons whatsoever lb offending shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons without Benefit of Clergy.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of May. one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, if any Person or Persons shall wilfully make, or assist in making, any faife Entry, or shall wilfully alter, or assist in altering, any Woid or Figure in any Entry in the Books of Account kept by the said, Governor and Company of the Bank of England, wherein the several Accounts of the Owners or Proprietors of Stock, Annuities, or other Funds, transferrable at the Bank of England^ are entered and kept, or shall in any Manner wilfully falsify the Accounts of such Owners and Proprietors in the Books of the said Governor and Company, wherein such Accounts are entered and kept, with Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any other Body Politick t>r Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person or Persons ib offending shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons without Benefit of Clergy.

IV. And whereas, in order to cover and conceal Forgeries and Frauds in Transfers, Dividend Warrants have been sometimes made out for different Sums than the Sums really due j' be it therefore fur thee enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Clerk, Officer, or Servant of, or other Person or Persons employed or intruded by, the said Governor and Company shall, from and after the said te ith Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, knowingly or willingly make out or deliver, or cause or procure to be made out or delivered, 01* willingly 2<St or assist in the making out or delivering, of any Dividend Warrant for a greater or less Amount than the Person or Persons, on whose Behalf, or pretended Behalf, such Dividend

Warrants

325

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 3° 33*

Warrants shall be made out, is or are intitled to, with. Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any other Body Politick or Corporate, or any Person or Persons what foe ver, all and every such Person or Persons so offending, and being in due Form of Law convicted of any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, shall be transported for seven Years.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to-enable the Common Council of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, on behalf and account of the Corporation of the said Town, to issue negotiable Notes for a limited Time, and to a limited Amount.

[ 10th May 1793.]

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for providing that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall not be subject to any Penalties, by reason of an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of King Williafn and Queen Mary, on account of their advancing Money for the Payment of Bills of Exchange accepted by, or by the Direction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and made payable at the Bank of England.

[7th May 1793.]

His Majesty may impower the Treasury to cause Loans to be received or Exchequer Bills to be made out i; for 1,500,000l. any Time before January 5, 1794, agreeable to 33 George III. Cap. 11. Powers of 33 44 George III. Cap. 11. to extend to this Act, except as herein excepted. Loans or Exchequer Bills charge- able on the first Aids granted next Session, and if not granted before July 5, 1794, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund. Monies issued from the Consolidated Fund to be replaced out of the first Supplies# 44 Bank may advance Money on the Credit of this Act."

VI. And whereas, by the said Act of the fifth and sixth. Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, it is among other Things enacted, That, if the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, the Directors, Managers, Assistants, or other Members of the said Corporation so to be established, shall- upon the Account of the said Corporation, at any Time or Times purchase any Lands or Revenues belonging to the Crown, or advance or lend to their Majesties, their Heirs or Successors, any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Loan or Anticipation on any Part or Parts, Branch or Brandies, Fund or Funds, of the Revenues now granted or belonging, or hereafter to be granted or belonging to their Majesties, their Heirs or Successors, other than such Fund or Funds, Part or Parts, Branch or Branches, of the said Revenues only, on which a Credit or Loan is or shall be granted by Parliament, that then the said Governor, Deputy Governor, Directors, Managers, or Assistants, or other Members of the said Corporation, who shall consent, agree to, or approve of the advancing or lending to their Majesties, their Heirs or Successors, such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, and each and every of them, so agreeing, conlcntipg, or approving, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit treble the Value of every such Sum or Sums of Money so lent;' be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing contained in the said Provisions, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be construed to extend to subject, or to have subjected,' the said Governor, Deputy Governor, the Directors, Managers, Assistants, or other Members of the said Corporation, to any Penalty or Forfeiture, for or by reason of having advanced or lent, or for or by reason of advancing or lending in future, any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of paying any Bills of Exchange accepted by, or by the Direction, or on the Account of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and made payable at the Bank of England, but not specifically charged, lent, or advanced on any Part or Parts, Branch or Branches, Fund or Funds of the Revenues granted or belonging to his Majesty.

fically lent

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That an Account of all Sums of Money which shall, after the passing of this Act, be advanced or lent for the Purposes aforesaid, in the Course of any one Year, shall be annually laid before Parliament by the Cashier of the Bank of England, within fourteen Days alter the Expiration of the said Year, if Parliament shall be then fitting, and if not, within fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for repealing Part of an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Salt, and/or the letter Payment of Debentures at the Cujlcm House, which may relate to the refining and making of Salt at certain Works intended to be erected at Gar/Ion in the County Palatine of Lancaster, instead of the present Saltworks at Liverpool.

[30th April 1793.]

1 Anna, Cap. 21, recited. So much of which as prohibits the refining of Rock Salt, WV. except within ten Miles of the Pits from whence taken, is repealed with respect to the Works at Garston. Power given to erect Salt Pans, fjfc. at Garston. As soon as the new Salt Work shall be begun to be used, 5the Works at Liverpool to be discontinued. This Act not to diminish Duties. Plow Fines may be recovered, and applied. Publick Act."

CAP#

5 and 6 W. and M. Cap 10. not to subjift the Bank to any Penal y forathano ing Money to pay I ills of change accepted by the Treasury, but n t speci-: cd the Revenue#

Account of Money so ad> vanced to be annually laid be f;re Farlia- ment.

326

C. 34-

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III.

Prteri, on Con-dur.nat tin, msy be lanlfri in any Port of Great Britain, and ff-cured under the King's Lorks in W^reho'ilVs provided al the iix-ptince of the Captor*, with l?c Approbation r*t the Commissioners tf the Customs und Excite.

Ruties to lie pard on Admission of Prize Goods into Warthi-uses.

No Duties to be paid for the Articles herein enumerated.

PrizeWhea*,&:c. to be subject to the Rules, &c. of 31 Geo. III. Cap. 30,

China or East India Prize Goods to be publickly fold, under such Rules as are u fed at Sales of the East India Company, &c.

Prize Tobacco and Snuff brought into any Port not enumerated in 29 Geo. III. Cap. 68. or 31 Geo. III. Cap. 47, to be removed to a Port enumerated*

A.D. 1793.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom.

[10th 1793.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make Provision respecting Vessels and Goods taken and condemned c as Prize, during the present Hostilities with France\ be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which have been taken since the Commencement, or may be taken during the Continuance of the present Hostilities with France, and which have been or may be brought into Great Britain by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or by any private or other Ship or Vessel having Commission from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, shall and may, upon Condemnation thereof as lawful Prize, be landed in any Port within this Kingdom, and secured under the King's Locks in Warehouses provided at the sole Expence of the Captors, with the Privity and Approbation, and under the C3re and Inspection respectively of the Commissioners or other Principal Officers for collecting and managing the respective Duties of Customs and Excise; and upon Admission of any such Goods into such Warehouses, there shall be paid by the Captors, or their Agents, the following Duties; that is to say,

For every Ton of Wine or Vinegar, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, the Sum of three Pounds, if taken by a Ship of War, or by a private Vessel; for every "Lon of Brandy, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, the Sum of two Pounds five Shillings, if taken by a Ship of War, and the Sum of fifteen Shillings, if taken by a private Vessel; for every Hundred Weight of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, the Sum of six Shillings, if taken by a Ship of War, and the Sum of two Shillings, if taken by a private Vessel; for every Hundred Weight of Coffee, the Sum often Shillings and Sixpence, if taken by a Ship of War, and the Sum of three Shillings and Sixpence, if taken by a private Vessel; for every Hundred Weight of Cocoa, the Sum of three Shillings and nine Pence, if taken by a Ship of War, and the Sum of one Shilling and three Pence, if taken by a private Vessel; and upon all other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not particularly excepted or otherwise charged with Duty by this Act, for every hundred Pounds of the Value, the Sum of seven Pounds ten Shillings, if taken by a Ship of War, and the Sum of two Pounds ten Shillings, if taken by a private Vessel.

II. Provided always, that no Duties whatever shall be demanded or taken for any Prize Goods, con-fiftiivg of Military or Ships Stores; videlicet, Sails, Cordage, Anchors, and Cables, Mails, Yards, Bowsprits, Blocks, Guns, Gunpowder, Shot, Match, Gun Carriages, Cartridges, and other Materials thereto belonging, and all Timber and Iron converted into and made fit for Ship-building, or for any of the Uses and Purposes aforesaid; Salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, Biscuit, Small Beer, Pease, and Oatmeal; Sailors Cloaths, Hammocks, Bedding, and Apparatus and Instruments belonging to Surgeons, or for any Goods which, by any Law in force on and immediately before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, may be imported into this Kingdom duty-free.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Wheat, Wheat Meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Oats, Oatmeal, Pease, Beans, Indian Corn and Maize, taken and condemned as Prize, shall, on the same being brought into any Port of this Kingdom, be warehoused and subject to such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are provided and enabled in an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on'foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported,) as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all the Clauses, Powers, Directions, and Authorities in the said recited Act were particularly repeated and enacted in the Body of this present ACT

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of China, or the East Indies, taken and condemned as Prize, shall be publickly exposed to Sale in the City of London by the Captors or their Agents, Notice of such Sale being first given to the proper Officers of the Customs or Excise respectively concerned therein; and such Goods shall be fold on such Conditions, and under such Rules, Regulations, and Rdtrictions, as are used and practised at the Sales of the East India Company, and the Goods shall be subject to such Duties, and entitled to such Drawbacks as the like Goods are subject and entitled to when imported by the East India Company, and the full Duties due and payable on such Goods shall be paid in all Cases by the Captors or their Agents.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Tobacco and Snuff of all Sorts taken, as Prize, and brought into any Port of Great Britain, not being a Port enumerated in an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting nrw Duties in lieu thereof); and in another A Cl, passed in the thirty- first Year of the keign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act to prevent other Ships than those laden with Tobacco from mooring and dischargi?/g their Lading at the Places appointed by an Act, ? made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for ‘ granting new Duties in Lieu thereofto'prohibit the Exportation of damaged or mean Tobacco; and for permitting

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 34.

mitting the Importation of Tobacco cnd-Snuff into the Port ^Newcastle upon Tyne,) shall be removed according to the Provisions of the said Act of the twenty-ninth of his present Majesty, as soon as may be, under the usual Coast Dispatches and Securities, to some one of the Ports enumerated in the said Act, and that such Tobacco and Snuff, and also Tobacco and Snuff of all Sorts taken as Prize, and brought into any Port enumerated in the said Act, shall, on Condemnation as Prize, be warehoused in his Majesty's Tobacco Warehouse at such Port, and be subject and liable to Warehouse Rent, at the Rate of one Penny Halfpenny per Week for every Hogshead, or other Package; and such Tobacco and Snuff may be exported from such Warehouse, without Payment of any Duty, or may be- taken out of such Warehouse for Home Consumption or Manufacture, on Payment of the Duties due and payable on Tobacco and Snuff of the Growth or Production of his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America; and such Tobacco and Snuff, so warehoused, shall be subject and liable to the Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures as are provided and enacted with respect to warehoused Tobacco and Snuff in the said Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and in an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act to explain and amend an All, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof,) and also in the said recited Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods die Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of France, shall be taken and condemned as Prize, and shall be sold for Home Consumption, the same shall be subject and liable to the like Duties as the same Sort of Goods are made subject and liable to by the Table marked C. annexed to an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Ditties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties compcfng the Publick Revenue \ for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French- King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt,) or by any llibsequent Act or Acts of Parliament by which the Duties on any of the said Goods are in any wise altered.

VII. And whereas it may, in some cases, be impracticable for the Captors or their Agents to procure c Vessels to export Prize Goods directly from the Ports where they are warehoused in pursuance of this Act,

and the keeping such Goods fora considerable Time, in order to procure such Vessels, may be attended with great Expence and Loss1 to the Captors ;' for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any four or more of them, in any Case where they shall think proper, to order such Goods* so secured in any Warehouse in this Kingdom, Tobacco and Snuff excepted, to be removed and sent from thence for Exportation to any Custom-house Warehouse at any other Place or Port in Great Britain, by and under the Seal of Office of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port from whence the Goods are intended to be f6 removed, at the Expence of the Captors or their Agents, or other Person or Persons who may have purchased the same; and in such Case the Security directed by this Act shall be taken by the Customer or Collector of the Port to which such Goods are removed, before they are delivered for Exportation, instead of the Customer or Collector of the Port where they were first warehoused as aforesaid, any Thing in the present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods taken as Prize and condemned Abroad, shall, on Importation into Great Britain, be intitled to the Benefit and Indulgence granted to Prize Goods by this Act, provided a Certificate, from and under the Hand and Seal of the Judge of the Court in which such Goods shall have been condemned, shall be produced to the Collector or principal Officer of his Majesty's Customs at the Port or Place into which such Goods shall be impoited, certifying the Condemnation thereof; and the Matter of the Ship or Vessel on board of which such Goods shall be imported, shall, together with the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee, make Oath before the said Collector or principal Officer, (who is hereby impowered to administer the same,) that to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, the Goods so imported are the identical Goods mentioned in the said Certificate of Condemnation.

IX. 6 And whereas Goods of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of China, or the East Indies,

taken as Prize, may, during the present Hostilities with France, be carried into some of the Out Ports of ‘ this Kingdom and condemned ;' in order that the Duties due thereon may be properly atcertained, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where such Goods shall be carried into any Out Port in this Kingdom, and condemned as Prize, Bond, with sufficient Security, shall be given to his Majesty, in treble the Value of such Goods, that the same shall be brought to London and delivered to his Majesty's Warehouse-keeper at the Custom House for the Port of London, to be deposited by him in Warehouses provided at the Expence of the Captors or their Agents, and approved of by the Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them; and with further Condition to produce a Certificate from such Warehouse-keeper, within three Months from the Date of such Bond, that the Goods have been delivered accordingly, which Security the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs, at the Port from whence such Goods are to be removed, are hereby authorized and empowered to take, and to cancel and discharge such Bond, upon receiving the Certificate from the Warehouse-keeper as herein-before directed; and if such Goods shall be font by Land Carriage, they shall be removed under the Seals of Office of such Collector and Comptroller or principal Officer of the Customs, and

33 Geo. III. U u shall

32?

Prise Toboccft and Snuff, on Condemnation to be lodg-d in the King's Tobacco Warehouses, and may be exptnted Duty-free, or t»ktn out for Home Consumption, on rrent ot Duly, &c.

Prize Goods, the Growth, &c. of France, fr l I for Home Cn-fumption, to be liable to the Du-lie* in Table C, of 27 Geo. III. Cap. 1 3, See,

Commissioners of the Customs may author'zs warehoused Goods (Tobacco and Snuff excepted) to be removed for Exportation to any Custom- house Warehouse, &c.

IVz° Goods condtmned A broad, to be intitled on Importation to the Benefit of this Act on certain Conditions.

Bond to be given that China or Last India Gocds condemned at Out Ports shall be delivered to the Warthouse-keeper at the Custom H> use in Lqpdon, &c.

Goods so removed by Land Carriage to be ac-

Jl

328 C. 34. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

compunitd *uh a Tianfirc.

£»ch Go*dsto

be |»nv'1ifkly field in London, &c.

Forfor-ien Vef-kk, condemned ogt ofihs Kingdom, the Duty to Oc paid at the Ton of Arrival therein, or they may be sold to pay the Duty.

Warehoused Prize Gtodi may he exported on i'ayrrcnt of the Dunes under this AO, and giving l»ond for their £xpor-taiion.

Goods taken out of Warehou let to be consumed in the Kingdom, to pay Remain* der of Duties, &c.

VeflVls enrr missioned by the Admiralty found with foreign Spins on board, in Ca/ks under f xty Gallon?, (except for the Crew,) or ibjve 6 lb. of Tea, or any prohibited Goods, to be loifeued, dec.

Putie« and Dr<whacks to be *eg«la;cd a^reca-

shall be accompanied with a Transire, expressing the Number and Marks of the Packages; and all such Goods so removed, either by Land or Water, shall afterwards be publickly exposed to Sale in the City of London, by the Captors or their Agents, they giving Notice of ltrch Sale to the proper Officers of the Customs or Excise respectively concerned therein, by the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, in all Respects, as the Duties payable upon the like Goods, imported by and (old at the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, are computed and charged, and the Duties due by Law thereon shall be accordingly paid and applied, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, where any foreign Ship or Vessel hath been, or shall hereafter be, taken during the present Hostilities, and condemned as Prize, in any of his Majesty's Dominions, out of this Kingdom, the Duty due and payable by Law for such Ship or Vessel shall be paid, upon her first Arrival at any Port in this Kingdom, to the Collector of his Majesty's Customs at such Port, by the Matter, Owner, or Consignee, of such Ship or Vessel, whether the same shall, or shall not, have been sold by the Captors after Condemnation, and that no foreign-built Ship or Vessel so condemned shall enjoy or be entitled to the Privilege of a Brit;fh-b\i\\t Ship or Vessel, until such Duty is paid for the same; and it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, to ttop and detain such Ship or Vessel at any Port in Great Britain, until the said Duty is paid as aforesaid and in case Payment thereof shall not be made for the Space of three Calendar Months after the Arrival of such Ship at any Port in this Kingdom, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any three or more or them, to cause such Ship or Vessel, and her Matts, Apparel, and Furniture, to be sold publickly to the best Bidder, and the Produce thereof to be applied, first, to the Charges that shall arise by such Detention and Sale, next, to the Customs and Duties, and the Overplus to be paid to the Proprietor of such Ship or Vessel, or other Person duly authorized by such Proprietor to receive the same.

XL. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Prize Goods which shall be received into any Warehouse in pursuance of this Act, or which are now remaining in any Warchojjfe in this Kingdom, where they have been secured under the King's Locks, by the Permiflaon of the Commissioners of the Customs, shall and may, upon Payment of the respective Duties before directed by this Act, be exported at any Tin e directly from thence, either by the Captors or their Agents, or by any other Person or Persons, without paying any further Duty of Customs or Excise for the same; the Person or Persons exporting the same giving sufficient Security, in double the Value of the Goods, before the Delivery thereof out of the Warehouse, that the same shall be really and truly exported, and not brought back again or relanded in any Part of Great Britain, or landed in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, or Man, or the Islands of Faro or Ferro; which Security the Customer or Collector of the Port from whence the same are intended to be exported, is hereby required and authorized to take in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use.

XII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any* Goods shall be taken out of any Warehouse wherein they are secured as aforesaid, to be consumed in this Kingdom, the Person or Persons so taking out the same shall first pay up the Remainder of the Duties which would have been due and payable to his Majesty thereon, if the same had been regularly imported byway of Merchandize into this Kingdom; and such Goods shall, in all other Respects, be liable to the same Restrictions and Regulations to which they would have been subject if this Act had not been made.

XIII. And whereas the clandestine Importation and Running of Spirits, Tea, and other prohibited Goods into this Kingdom, may, during the present Hostilities, be carried on to a great Degree in large Vessels fitted out and armed as Privateers: And whereas by Means of this illicit Commerce so prejudicial to the Publick Revenue and the fair Trader, the Power with whom Great Britain is now carrying on Hof- tilities, may receive Intelligence very detrimental to this Kingdom For the better preventing whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Ship or Vessel whatever which shall be commissioned by Letters of Marque, or general Reprisals, or otherwise, by his Majesty's Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, shall be found at Scd, or in any Port of this Kingdom, or at any Distance from the Coasts thereof, having on board any foreign Brandy, or other foreign Spirituous Liquors in any Vessels or Casks which shall not contain sixty Gallons at the least, except only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel, not exceeding two Gallons for each Seaman, or any Tea exceeding the Quantity of six Pounds Weight, or any other Goods whatever, which are or may be liable to Forfeiture by any Act of Parliament upon being imported into Great Britain, then not only all such Goods, but also the Ship or Vessel on board which they shall be found as aforesaid, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited and lost, and the same shall and may be carried and delivered to the Care and Custody of the Collector and Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs at any Port in this Kingdom; and the same shall be seized, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, by such Ways and Rules, and in such Manner and Form, as such Vessels and G cods would be liable to be seized, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, by any Law in force, if the same had been found within the Limits of any Part of this Kingdom; and the Letters of Marque, or general Repriia's, or any other Commissions for such Ship or Vessel, shall be null and void, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Duties are imposed by this Act, or any Drawbacks allowed, the same shall be raised, levied, collected, applied, recovered, allowed, and paid, under such and the like Rules> Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the

15 Dudes

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 34 - 36. 329

Duties imposed, and Drawbacks allowed by virtue of the said recited Act passed in the twenty-seventh ble to 27 Geo. Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, are raised, levied, collected, applied, recovered*, allowed, and JU* Gap. 13. paid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all the Clauses, Powers, Directions, and Authorities of the said recited Act were repeated and enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in force during Aflro continue the present Hostilities with France; but that the same, or any Part thereof, may be varied or ^altered du- durin& Dre-ring the present Session of Parliament. Host

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty ^for the better Relief and Employment of the "Poor.

[7th May 1793.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, iz Gcv tn.

(intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor,) it was among other Things Gap. 83 recited*

enacted, That whenever two third Parts in Number and Value, according to the Poor Rate, of the Owners or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within any Parish, Township, or Place,

qualified as thereafter mentioned, should, at any Time after the passing of that Act, at a publick Meet- ing to be holden pursuant to the Directions of that Act, signify their Approbation of the Provisions therein contained, and their Desire to adopt them: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether it be necessary J that two third Parts in Number and Value as aforesaid, of the whole Number of Persons so qualified as aforesaid, should at such publick Meeting signify their Approbation and Desire as aforesaid P Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho- Two thirds in rity of the same, That whenever two third Parts in Number and Value as aforesaid, of such qualified Per- Number and fons only, as have actually attended, or may hereafter actually attend, at such publick Meeting, have there Vall,c°fPcr-signified, or may hereafter there signify, their Approbation of the Provisions in the said Act contained, and ^codi"'1 their Desire to adopt them, according to the Form and Manner prescribed by the said Act, such Approba- ^(ce°d tion and Desire so signified, or to be hereafter so signified, as aforesaid, have been, and (hay be, and are hereby shall artend any

declared to be, a due and sufficient Compliance with the above-recited Provision of the said Act, according publick Mce^-

to the true Intent and Meaning of the same. and

their Approbation of the Provisions thereof, fufiuienr.

II. And whereas also the Duty of Guardian of the Poor, under the said Act, in certain Parishes, Town-

ships, or Places, on account of the Extent and Population thereof, has been found to be more than one c Person could fully and properly execute: And whereas also it is desirable to prevent such Disputes and Li- tigations as might arise concerning the Relief of such casual Poor as may happen to be within any one of the Parishes, Townships, or Places united or to be united together for the Purposes of the said Act :* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever two third Parts, in Number and VHueas £ aforesaid, of the said Persons so qualified, and actually attending at such publick Meeting as aforesaid, shall nominate and recommend to the Consideration of the Justices of the Justices of the Peace of the County, ihree ferions Riding, Division, District, City, Town, or Place where such Meeting shall be holden, three able and qualified for discreet Persons qualified for Guardians of the Poor for such Parish, Township, or Place, and shall fix Guardians of the the Salary to be paid to such Guardian, according to the Manner and Form prescribed by the said Act; &c#

and shall also, at the said publick Meeting, by Writing under their Hands, signify their Opinion to the said Justices, that, on account of the Extent and Population of such Parish, Township, or Place, more than one Guardian of the Poor is necessary for the same; and shall express their Desire that two of the

three Persons so nominated and recommended as aforesaid, may be appointed Guardians of the Poor for

such Parish, Township, or Place, it shall and may be lawful for such of the said Justices as are already empowered by the said Act to appoint one Guardian for such Parish, Township, or Place, to comply with the said Dafire, and to appoint two Guardians accordingly.

III. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the passing of this Act, all Casual Poor to

such casual Poor, as may happen to be within, and would be entitled to Relief from, any one of such Pa- be relieved by

riflies, Townships, or Places as have been, or may hereafter to be, united together for the Purposes of the con'oinu"1*

Act herein-before first mentioned, shall be relieved by all the said Parishes, Townships, or Places conjointly, crnj',ln and in the same respective Proportion as they shall raid are directed to contribute for the general Purposes of the said Act, according to the Provisions and Regulations in the said Act specified and contained.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to establish certain Regulations respecting Officers serving in several Corps of Fencible Men, in that Parr of Great Britain called Scotland> and in certain other Corps which may be directed to be raised in Great Britain.

[71I1 May 1793.]

'WHEREAS, by the Laws now in being for raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England^ it is provided that the Acceptance of a Commission in the said'

33° C. 36, 37. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

'Militia shall not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament: And whereas his Majesty has thought proper, for the more effectual Protection and internal Defence of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to direct that Fencible Men, in several of the Shires in that Part of the United Kingdom, should be forthwith raised and embodied: And whereas Officers serving In any of the said Corps of Fencible Men (the Adjutants and Quarter Mailers excepted) will not by virtue of such Service be entitled to receive Half-pay, or to have any Rank in the Army, after the said Corps shall have been dismissed and disembodied, but will be similar to, and as near as may be on the same Footing with Officers serving in the Militia of England: And whereas his Majesty may think proper to grant Com- millions to Officers to raile Corps for the Defence of this Country, the Officers of which Corps may like wife not be intitled to receive Half-pay, or to hold any Rank in the Army, after the said Corps shall have been reduced and disembodied Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Commissions in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Acceptance of a Commission in any Fencible Re^i- Corps of Fencible Men, raised or to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in any other inents in Scot- Corps which his Majesty may authorize and direct to be raised in any Part of Great Britain, in which land, or in other none the Officers (except the Adjutants and Quarter Mailers) shall, by virtue of their Commissions in

Bri^inn*infCat the Corps, be intitled to Half-pay, or to any Rank in the Army after the Reduction of the said Corps,

which only the shall not, nor shall be conllrued to vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament.

Adjutants and Quarter Mailers shall be entitled to Half-pay and Rank after Reduction, not to vacate Seats in Parliament.

Officers of such II. 6 And whereas it is necessary to ascertain the Rank to be held by the Officers of certain Corps, raised or Corp* and of the to be raised within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, called Fencible Men, or of any other Corps M-hcia 10 Eng of Men which may be raised within Great Britain, wherein such Officers shall not be intitled to Rank or Half-ingVogeiher To" PaV> except during the Time of the actual Service of such Corps, with respect to the Officers of the Mingle according litia of that Part of Great Britain called England during the Time that the Officers of such Corps, and of to the Dates of the Militia, shall serve together \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers of Commissions. such Corps, and of the Militia of equal Degree, shall rank according to the Date of their respective Com* millions.

Half-pay Of- III- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person, who is intitled to Half-pay, fierrs our'ng shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such Half-pay during the Time he shall serve as Lieutenant, En-Ihcir ^rviccm f j e n, Adjutant, Quarter Mailer, or Surgeon, in any such Corps as aforesaid, but that the lame dial I ne-Liru'cnTnt^&c. verihcltfs continue \ and such Officer shall take the following Oath:

t*.) receive Half-

y.y. " J A.B. do fivear, That I had not, between the any Place or Employment of Profit,

O.-ih to betaken 4C Civil or Military, under his Majesty, be fide s my Allowance of Half-pay as a reduced in

fcy iht.T. i4 late Rigimcni of ‘ for Allovsance as in late Troop of

Horse Guards, or Regiment of Ph fe reduced, save and except my Pay as a Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, 44 Quarter Master, or Surgeon (as the Case may be), for serving in a Regiment of Fencible Men, or other Corps to be raised as aforesaid

The Allowance of iz d, per Day Day be received by Serjeants of Chelsea Hospital serving in such Cqrps.

And the taking of the said Oath shall be sufficient to intitle such Person to receive his Half-pay, or the said Allowance, without taking any other Oath, any Thing in any other Act, Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person, being a Serjeant on the Establishment of Chef a Hospital, at an Allowance of twelve Pence a Day, and being appointed to serve in any Corps of Fencible Men, or other Corps to be raised as aforesaid, shall and may receive the said Allowance of twelve Pence a Day, together with his Pay from the said Corps of Fencible Men, or other Corps as aforesaid, any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulatefbe Price and Assize thereof *, and to pttnish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bt\ad, with respect to the Time within which certain Prosecutions directed by the said Act are to be brought.

[toth May 1793.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the thirty-second Year of tile Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and t? re- gulate the Price and Assize thereof \ and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; it was amongst other Things (enacted, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ihty-eight, no Person should knowingly put into any Corn, Meal, or Flour, which should be ground, drelTed, boiled, or manufactured for Sale, either at the Time of grinding, dressing, bolt- ing, or in anywise manufactureing the lame, or at any other Time or Times, any Ingredient, Mixture, or Thing whatsoever, or should knowingly fell, offer, or expose to or for SJe, any Meal or Flour of one

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 37 - 39. 331

Sort of Grain as or for the Meal or Flour of any other Sort of Grain, or any Thing as or for or mixed with the Meal or Flour of any Grain, which should not be the real and genuine Meal or Flour of the Grain the same should import to be, and ought to be, upon Pain thnt every Person who should offend in the Premises, and should be thereof convicted in Manner therein-after prescribed, should forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders should be convicted, should think fit or order; and the said Act directs that no Person should be convicted, in Manner therein aforesaid, for any of the Offences in the said Act before-mentioned, unless the Prosecution, in order to such Conviction, should be commenced within three Days next after the Offence committed: And whereas the Powers and Remedies by the said recited Act given and granted- for enforcing the Intention thereof, have been found by Experience insufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and that it would be of great publick Benefit and Utility to have further and more effectual Powers given for carrying the ln- tentions of the said Act into Execution; and a further and other Time given for convicting any Offender or Offenders guilty of adulterating any Corn, Meal, or Flour, which should be ground, dressed, bolted, or manufactured for Sale as aforesaid, with any other ingredient, Mixture, or Thing whatsoever May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, the herein-before recited Proviso, contained in the forty-first Session of the said in Part recited Act, limiting the Time of Conviction for three Days next after any of the Offences committed, and in the said recited Act mentioned, be repealed; and that, from and after the said first Day of June, no Person shall be convicted for any of the before-mentioned Offences in the said recited Clause mentioned and set forth, unless the Information or other Prosecution, in order to such Conviction, be laid or commenced within seven Days next after the Discovery of any such Offence or Offences.

Proviso limiting the Time of Conviction, in Se£t. 41 of recited Act, repealed, and Prosecution to be commenced within 7 Da)S#

II. And be it further etiafted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; Publick Act. and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from, or nearly from, a Place called The Saltisford\ irv the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Borough of Warwick, unto or near to the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and to terminate at or near to a certain navigable Canal in or near to the Town of 'Birmingham, called the Digbcth Branch of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the more easy raising Money upon the Hundred of Hemlingford, in the County of Warwick, for pay ing the Damages and Costs incurred on Account of the late Riots within the said Hundred, than is authorized to be done by the Laws now in being.

[3d 1793.]

WHEREAS Judgements having been obtained in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, by divers 4 y, Persons against the Inhabitants of the Hundred of Heinlingford in the County of Warwick, on Ac- tions brought to recover Damages for Injuries done by Rioters to the Property of the Plaintiffs, in the Month of July one thousand seven hundred and ninty-one, Application was made to two Justices in the said Hundred to raise the said Damages, together with the Plaintiffs Costs, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of twenty-three thousand six hundred and fifteen Pounds, or upwards, and also to raise the further Sum of six thousand and eighty-eight Pounds, or upwards, being the Costs and necessary Expences incurred in de- fending the said Actions, by assessing the said Inhabitants according to the Statutes in such Cases made and provided: And whereas the said Justices, having first ascertained the Amount of the said Costs and necessary Expences in Manner prescribed by Law, did accordingly, under the Authority and Direction of the said Statutes, afiefs rateably and proportionably the several Parishes and Townships wfithin the said Hundred, towards raising the Sums aforesaid, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of twenty-nine thousand seven hundred and four Pounds, and upwards: And whereas the raising so large a Sum forthwith by one Assessment will be a grievous Burden to the said Inhabitants; but if Power be given to borrow certain Proportions of the said Sum, and a further Time allowed for coliedling the said Money, and paying off and discharging the same, it will be a great Ease to the Inhabitants; but the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, &c. 44

The Justices of the Hundreds and the Knights of the Shire for the Time being appointed Commissioners for carrying the Act into Execution. Commissioners to hold Meetings; and to treat for the borrowing of Money on Security of the Rates; and to make Assessments upon the Inhabitants. The Assessments to be raised by Warrant of the Commissioners, and in such Manner as by the Laws now in force is recovered against any Hundred, for Injuries done by Riots. Constables or Head-boroughs making Default in levying

332 C. 39, 4.0. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

"the Rates, subjected to Penalties. Commissioners may appoint a Clerk and Treasurer. Treasurer " to account. When there is no Constable or Headborough, the Commissioners may appoint Persons to levy the Rates. Account Books to be open to Inspection. Power given to borrow Money upon the Rates. Securities not to be subject to Stamp Duties. Money borrowed and arising by the Rates to be paid to the Treasurer. The Money raised to be applied in Payment of the Sums recovered against the 4‘ Hundred, with five per Cent. Intereil from first January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, in *44 such Order as the Commissioners shall direct, lb that the Whole shall be discharged within three Years from. 44 the first September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three. Mode prescribed of recovering Rates where Persons quit the Premises before Payment, -arrears of Rates to be accounted for and paid by the Representatives of deceased Collectors, and the Assignees of such as become Bankrupt. Arrears of Rates, u &c. may be recovered from Collectors removed. Deficiencies of Rates to be made good by a Re-4‘ assessment upon the Inhabitants. No Proceedings to be had in the Actions commenced until after 29th 4* September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three. Limitation of Actions. Publick Act."

CAP. XL.

An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the landing* Rum or Spirits of the British. Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the giving" further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies iw America \ to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies directly to foreign Ports, in Ships built in Great Britain and navigated according to Law; to che permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Iriflj Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; and to revive and continue an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

[3d 1793.]

So much of t 5 and 16 Geo. II. Cap. 25, as relates to landing Rum, &c. before Payment of Duty, and lodging it in Ware-house*, continued to Sept, 29, *729)

So much of S Geo. I. Cap. i2» as relates to the Importation of Timber, &c. Irom America, continued to Stpt, 29, 1795.

&Cr

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have, by Experience, been found useful and beneficial,

'and are near expiring May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to impower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plant ations to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Exc/fs charged t hereon, and to lodge the same in Warehoifcs at their own Expence; and for the Relief of Ralph Barrow, in rfpM to the Duty on fine Rock Salt lofi by the overflowing of the Rivers Weaver^/ Dane, as relates to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to the lodging of the same in Warehouses at the Expence of the Importers or Proprietors thereof; which was to continue in force from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, to the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts of the twenty-third and thirty-first: Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the fourth, eleventh, and nineteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the twenty-fifty Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was amended and further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of &/>-tember one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Pirft, intituled, An Act for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, anil for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relates to the Importation of Wood and Limber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of his Majesty's Britishb Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Customs and Impofiiions whatsoever,-which was to be in force for twenty-one Years from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the sixteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the fourth, twelfth, nineteenth, and twenty-

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 40- 333

sixth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the 12 Cco- CaP* Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to cany Sugars x Tt>cfta°to c?rr of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of his Majestfs Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Co- gug^/of Via^ hnies directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, which was to Marty's Am;-continue in foYce for five Years from the twenty-ninth Day of Septe?nber one thousand seven hundred and r can Colonies to thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament *, and which, by several sub- {?r.er,g£ ‘>artsm sequent Acts made in the seventeenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first Years of his said Majesty's Reign, and continue/to8* the fourth, twelfth, eighteenth, and twenty-sixth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, was further con- Sept. 29, 1799, tinued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence &c.

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, subject to the Regulations contained in an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Aid for regulating the Allowance of the Draw-back and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugary and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda JJlands in foreign So'ps.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the seven- So much of 17 teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the eleventh Rule in the Book Geo. III. Cap. of Rates, sofar as the Ja?ne relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and Rai- 43. P*rrlca Jins, and for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof; and for explaining of xobacMPipe the said Rule with respect to such Allowance for Damage on other Goods; and to permit the Exportation of To- chy to the bacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, for a limited British Planta-Time, as permits the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or t,ons in l.he Plantations in the West Indies, which was to continue in force until the twenty-fourth Day of June one ^"oVune1* thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

and which, by three Acts made in the twentieth, twenty-third, and twenty-eighth Yeans of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the *9 Geo. IT.

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Allfor granting a Bounty upon certain Species TaP* &rant-£/*British and Irish Linens exported; and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign raw Linen Tarns cerrlin Species^ made of Flax; which said Act was, by two other Acts made in the tenth and nineteenth Years of the Reign of British and of his present Majesty, extended and continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hun-^ Jrifli Linens tx. dred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by three Port!d> &c. other Acts made in the twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth, and thirty-first Years of his present Majesty's Reign, cd xt0 was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and 1794>

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and from thence

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of 26 Geo. Ilr* the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and

Utcnfds, an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit Tools0 and then-w the Exportation to foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this ft is 25 Geo. jh,

" Kingdom; and to prevent the /educing of Artificers or Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Cap. 67. con- Parts beyond the Seasf which was to be in force until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and 2

which by several subsequent Acts made in the twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirtieth, thirty- ears> c* first, and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued for the Term of two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the twenty- So much of 27 seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in Gco 1U: CaP-

foreign Wines for the Stock of certain foreign Wines in their Possefion, at a certain Time, upon which the Duties on Importation have been paid; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise; as directs ftaii'be deemed that all Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the Hydrometer commonly of the Strength 'called Clarke's Hydrometer, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any such Spirits footed by to be, which was to be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty- eight; and Cla, ke s Hydro-which by fev.eral Acts made in the twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirtieth, thirty-first, and thirty-second J?,uVd to the Years of his present Majesty's Reign, was continued until the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall £nd of the next be, and the same is hereby further continued until the End of the next Session of Parliament. Session.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the twenty-third Year of ceo. jii. the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures C^p. 77. for the of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, which was to continue in force for two Years from the first Day of Ja- E». c.-u«agement

nuary

.334-

facture* of Flit an<i C )t*oo in Great Britain, revived, ani continued to March 25, 1796.

Preamble recites Act 96 Geo. III.

and also 27 Geo. III.

Mr. Claxton to

be restoredto the Capacity of being aa Own-r of British Snip*, acceding to the Ljw* of Trade and Navigation.

C. 40, 41. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

nnary one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; which said Act was by several Acts made in the twenty-sixth, twenty-eighth, and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-thice, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be revived, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full force and effect until the twenty-fifth Day (AMarch one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to enable Robert Claxtcn of Bristol, Merchant, to take the Oath prescribed and directed to be taken determined by an Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, for the further Encrease and Encouragement of Shining and Navigation.

[7 th May 179J.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for the further Encrcap and Encouragement of Shipping and Naviga-

1 ttonf) whereby it is enabled, That no Registry shall from thenceforth be made, or Certificate granted of any Ship or Vessel, until the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall have taken an Oath therein set forth, in Manner therein directed; containing, among other Words, the Words following; (videlicetJ

T The said A.B. and the fold other Owners, am or are truly and bona fide a Suljeft or Subjects of Great 4C Britain; and that I the said A.B. have not (nor have ary of the ether Owners, to the bjl of my Know- ledge and Belief) taken an Oath of Allegiance to any foreign State whatever, except under the Ter mi "fame Capitulation, [describing the Particulars thereof]

And whereas by another Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act to enforce and render more effectual [everal Acts pc fed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and other A: I s made for the Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation J 4 it is enacted, That any Oath which shall have been or may be taken for the sole Purpose of acquiring the Rights of a Citizen or Buighcr in any foreign City or Town in Europe, to be enjoyed during ths Time that the Person or Persons taking such Oath shall reside in such City or Town, and for a limited Time after such Residence shall have expired, shall not be deemed an Oath of Allegiance to a foreign State,

withip the Meaning of the said Act: And whereas Robert Claxton of Bristol, Merchant, is a Native of the Island of Saint Ch> i/lopher's in the West Indies, where he was brought up in the mercantile Line, and car-« ried on an extensive Business as a Merchant for a considerable Length of Time, and until the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, when he quitted that Istand, and came to England, and hath ever since re Tided in the City of Bristol, of which he is a Freeman: And whereas, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, the said Robert Claxtcn did become a Citizen, Burgher, or Inhabit- ant of the Island of Saint Enflatius, and did thereupon take the ufaal Oath of Allegiance to the States of the United Provinces, who were at that Time in perfect Amity with Great Britain: And whereas the said Robert Claxton did, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, become a Citizen, c Burgher, or Inhabitant of the Danish Island of Saint Thomas, and did thereupon take the usual Oath of Allegiance to his Danish Majesty, who was then in perfect Amity with the King of Great Britain; and which Oath of Allegiance, from the Words thereof, was only to operate during the Time that the said Robert Claxton was in the Government of his Danish Majesty: And whereas the said Robert Claxton did take the several Oaths aforesaid for the sole Purpose of enabling him to acquire the Rights of a Citizen,

Burgher, or Inhabitant of the said Dutch Island of Saint Eiijlatius, and of the said Danish Island of Saint Thomas, in order that he might, as an Inhabitant of a neutral State, carry on his Trade, and protect his Person and Property from Seizure by the American States, who were then at War with Great Britain, with which States the said Robert Claxton never carried on any Trade, or had any Intercourse whatso- ever: And whereas the said Robert Claxton, in consequence of his having taken the said Oaths of Allegiance to die United Provinces, and to the State of Denmark, is disabled from taking the Oath directed to

be taken by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Yeir of the Reign of his present Majesty; and is incapacitated from becoming interested in any Vessel entitled^ to the Privileges of a British-bu\\t Vessel: And where-, as, under the particular Circumstances of the Case of the said Robert Claxton, it is just and reasonable that he should be restored to the Right of a B' itijfo Subject, io as to be capable of being the Owner of British Ships, according to the several Laws of Trade and Navigation, particularly the before-mentioned Act,

passed in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Robert Claxton shall be restored to the Right and Capacity of becoming the Owner of British Ships, according to the several Laws of Trade and Navigation, particularly the before mentioned Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, notwithstanding the Oath of Allegiance herein-before mentioned Vo have been taken by the said Robert Claxton to the State* of the United Provinces, for the Purpose of enabling him to rfcauire the Rights of a Citizen, Burgher, or Inhabitant of the said Island of Saint Eujlatius, and the Oath of Allegiance hereinbefore mentioned to have been taken by the said Robert Claxton to the State of Denmark, for the Purpose of enabling him to acquire the Rights of a Citizen* Burgher, or Inhabitant of the said LUnd of Saint Thomas;

and

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 4T, 42. 33

and that the having taken the said Oaths shall not incapacitate the said Robert Claxton from taking, the Oath prescribed and directed to be taken by the tenth Section of the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall ^ublick Act. be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for incorporating the Company of Free Fishers and Dredgers of Whit/lable, in the County of Kent, and for the better ordering and Government of the Fishery.

[30th April 1^93.]

WHEREAS there hath Time out of Mind been an Oyster Fishery within the Limits of the Manor and Royalty of Whitstable, in the County of Kent, extending from the Sea Beach a very

considerable Distance into the Sea, which Fishery hath all that Time been managed and carried on by and at the Expence of a certain Company of Free Dredgers, called The Whit/lable Company of Dredgers,

who have held the same from Time out of Mind, as Tenants under the Lord of the said Manor and Royalty, on Payment of a certain annual Rent; and the Lord of the said Manor and Loyalty hath, from Time out of Mind, held a Court, commonly called A Court of Dredging, for the ordering and regulating of the said Oyster Fishery, belidethe Court Leet and Court Baron held for the said Manor, at which Courts of Dredging, the Fishermen and Dredgermen have constantly attended, pursuant to a Notice for that Purpose given by the Lord of the said Manor and Royalty, or the Steward of the said Court of Dredging; and out of the Freemen of the said Company, twelve of the most sufficient Men among the said Dredgers have used to be sworn to be of the Jury of the said Court, and the Foreman, Jury, and major Part of the Freemen of the said Company present at the said Court, with the Consent of the Lord of the said Manor and Royalty, or of the Steward of the said Court, have used to make Orders for regulating the said Company, and the said Oyster Fishery, with Fines and Penalties for the Breach of such Orders,

*which Fines and Penalties have been accustomed to be collected and levied in the Manner directed by the said Orders: And whereas, by ancient Usage and Custom, no Persons are entitled to dredge for Oysters within the said Manor and Royalty, except the Members of the said Company: And whereas the good Order and Government of the said Fishery is of great publick Concern, and it would much tend to 4 >the carrying on and good Management thereof, if the said Company were allowed to purchase the said Manor and Royalty of Whitstable, or such Part thereof as would be convenient for the better Regulation of the said Fishery: And whereas Thomas Foord, of the Parish of Saint Dunjlany near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, Gentleman, hath purchased to him and, his Heirs, of the Lord of the said Manor and Royalty, the said Royalty of Fishing or Oyster Dredging, and the Ground and Soil of the said Fishery, from the South and South-east Sides of the said Sea Beach at Whitstable, as the same is and hereafter shall be thrown up by the Sea from Time to Time, and the Sea Beach, and all the Lands and Grounds from thence into the Sea, as far as the said Fishery extends, whether the lame be more or leis than the Quantity of Land now belonging to the said Fishery;. and also the custchnary Payments usually and of Right made to the Lord of the said Manor, for or on Account of any Ship or Vessel, or the landing of Goods or Merchandize within the said^ Manor, or for the Admission of Freemen, or other Payments for the Regulation of the Freemen and Fishing the re, and all other Payments whatsoever to be made at the Water Court of Free Dredgers there, and all such like Payments, and all, and all Manner of Forfeitures, Articles, and Things which of Right belong unto and are the Property of the Lord of the said Manor, by Reason of the Wrecks of the Sea, or other such like Rights and Forfeitures within the Limits of the Sea Beach aforesaid, (subject to the Right of the said Company of Dredgers in the said Fishery,) and also full Power and Authority unto the said Thomas Foordy his Heirs and Assigns, and every of them, to nominate or appoint a Steward or Stewards, or Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, or other usual Officers of the said Fishery, and to summon and hold all such Water Courts, or Courts of Dredging, as shall be necessary to be held for any of the Purposes aforesaid, all which said Estate* Right,

Powers, and Authorities, the said Thomas Foord is willing to convey unto the said Company, and their Successors, for their own Use and Benefit: And whereas the said Company are willing to purchase the Royalty of the said Fishery, but they are disabled from so doing, both because Doubts have arisen, whe- ther the said Company be a Corporation in Law, notwithstanding it has existed Time out of Mind, and likewise on Account of the Statutes of Mortmain: Therefore, for the better regulating and governing of the said Fishery, and‘to remove any Doubts concerning the said Company being a Corporation, and to enable them to purchase the said Manor "and Royalty of Whitstabley or such Part thereof as shall be found convenient for the better Management of the said P ifhery :* May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted,

The Company of Dredgers made a Body Corporate. Powers of the Company vested in the Corporation. Corporation may purchase the Manor and Royalty. A Steward and Water Bailiff to be appointed.

and other Officers, as heretofore. Power given to borrow Money; with Directions for Repayment.' 44 Saving to his Majesty. General Issue. Limitation of Actions. Publick Act." t

33 Geo. III.

Xx

CAP.

336

Ad of the Parliament of Scotland of the 8th and 9th Seffio/i Will. III. first Parliament, recited*

t Geo. III.

;af.32.

Unman Catho* licks in Scotland taking an Oath, irc.to be relieved from the Penalties imposed by the recited Act Of Will. 111.

form of Oath,

fee,

C. 43, 44. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793#.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Paddington in the County of Middlesex, and for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish.

[30^ April 1793.]

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for requiring a certain Form of Oath of Abjuration, and Declaration, from his Majesty's Subjects, professing the Roman Catholick Religion, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[3d June 1793.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the eighth and ninth Session of the first Parliament of his late Majesty King William the Third, (intituled, An Act for preventing the Growth of Popery,) several Penalties and Disabilities are imposed upon all Persons professing the Roman Catholick Religion, within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall refute to make 4 a Renunciation of Popery, according to the Formula thereunto subjoined, in the Manner therein expressed 1 4 And whereas the Rigour of the aforesaid Act, at the Time of its passing, was chiefly judged expedient, in order to preserve the Government against the Attempts or Efforts of those Persons, who then did, or were supposed to acknowledge the temporal Superiority or Power of the Pope, or Sec of Rome, over that Part of the Realm of Great Britain called Scotland, 'which is contrary to, and inconsistent with the Allegiance of the Subjects of the said Realm: And whereas the aforesaid Formula contains only a Renunciation of speculativa and dogmatical Opinions, but imports no nofitive Assurance of the Submission and Attachment of the Persons making the same to the Laws and Constitution of the Realm, or to the Person of his most Sacred- Majesty: And whereas, in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act\to relieve, upon certain Conditions and under certain Restrictions, the Person*

therein described, from certain Penalties and Disabilities, to which Papists, or P ersons projeffing the Pofish Re*

lig\on, are by Law subject,) a certain Form of Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration was prescribed to be taken- and subscribed by all Persons professing the Roman Catholick Religion, which was founda proper and fuf- ficientTeftof the Loyalty of such Persons who should take and subscribe the same; and upon the taking and subscribing thereof they became exempted and relieved from many Pains, Penalties, and Disabilities to to which they were before subject and liable; and by the said Act it was provided that nothing the rein- contained should extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And whereas it is now found, expc- dient, that one common Form of Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration, shall be taken and subscribed by all his Majesty's Subjects professing the Roman Catholick Religion, throughout the whole Kingdom of Great'

Britain, and that similar Advantages shall be annexed to the taking and subscribing of the same :* May it' therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth all Persons professing;-. the Roman Catholick Religion, within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall, take and subscribe the Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration, herein after expressed, and in the Manner hereby directed and required, shall be exempted and relieved from all the Pains, Penalties, and Disabilities imposed, enacted, revived, ratified, and confirmed by the before-mentioned Act of the eighth and ninth Session of the first Parliament of King William the Third, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposea whatsoever, as-if such Persons had actually made the Renunciation of Popery thereby ordained according to the Formula thereunto subjoined.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Oath, Abjuration, and.Declaration, to* be so taken and subscribed, shall be in the Words following; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do hereby declare. That I do profess the Roman Catholick Religion? I A.B. do sincereb promise and swear, that will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George the Third, andibinc will defend, to the utmost of my Poiver, against all Conspiracies and Attempts whatever, that shall be ? made against his Person, Croivn, or Dignity; and I will do my utmost Endeavour to disclose and make known to his*

Majesty, his Heirs and Success'ors, all Treasons and traitorous Conspiracies which may be formed agaitijl him or them: And I do faithfully promise to maintain. Support, and defend, to the utmost^ of my Poiver, the Sue-m cefion of the Crown, which Succession, lyan Act, (intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown*

and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject,) is, and fands limited to the Princess Sophia,

Elect!refs and Dutchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants; hereby utterly renouncing and abjuring any Obedience or Allegiance unto any other Person, claiming or pretending a Right to the Crown of theje Realms: And I do swear, that I do reject and detejl, as an uncbrtjlian and impious Position,

that it is lawful to murder or destroy any Person or Persons whatsoever, for, or under Pretence of their being Hereticks or Infidels; and also that unchri/lian and impious Principle, that Faith is not to be kept with He*

reticks or Infidels: And I further declare, that it is not an Article of my Faith, and that I do renounce, reject,

and abjure the Opinion, that Princes excommunicated by the Pope and Council, or any Authority of the See of Rome, or by any other Authority whatsoever, may be depojed or ynurdcred by their Subjects, or any Person whatso- ever: And I do promise, that I will not hold, maintain, or abet any such Opinion, or any other Opinion contrary to what is cxprcjfed in this Declaration: And I do declare, that I do not believe that the Pope of

7 44 Rome*

337

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 44.

ct ^ome, or any other foreign Prince, Prelate, or Potentate, hath, or ought to have, *7//y temporal or

«wV JurisdifliGn, Power9 Superiority, or Pre-eminence, directly or indirectly, within this Realm: And I xi do solemnly, in the Presence of God, profess, testify, and declare, that Ido make this Declaration, and every Ci Part thereof, in the plain and ordinary Serife of the Words of this Oath, without any Evafton, Equivocation, ic or mental Reservation whatever, and without any Dispensation already granted by the Pope, or any Authority of the See of Rome, or any Person whatever, and without thinking that / am or can be acquitted before God or Man, or absolved of this Declaration, or any Part thereof, although the Pope, or any other Person or Authority whatsoever, fall dispense with Or annul the same, and declare that it was null or void.

'So help me GOD."

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Blanks in the said Oath shall be filled up, as the Case shall require, with the Name of his Majesty King George thel'hird, or of him or her who shall by virtue of the said Act for Limitation of the Crown, and for the better securing the Rights and Liberties -of the Subject, be King or Queen of Great Britain, for the Time being, and with the Word King or Queen, and with the Word his or her, as the Case shall be,

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration shall and may be taken and subscribed by every Person professing the Roman Catholick Religion, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, being of the Age of fifteen Years and upwards, before the Sheriff or Steward Depute or Substitute of the Shire or Stewartry, or before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Shire, or Stewartry, where the Party lb making and subscribing the said Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration shall reside, for the Time being; and all such Officers are hereby enabled, authorised, and required to administer such Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration to every Person or Persons who shall be desirous to take and subscribe the same; and the Officers hereby enabled, authorised, and required to ad- minister such Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration, are hereby directed and required, within thirty Days after the last Day of December, in the present Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and so yearly within thirty Days after the last Day of December in every subsequent Year, to deliver into the Office of the Sheriff Clerk of the County or Stewartry, in which the Party shall have taken the said Oath, a true and perfect Lift of the Persons who shall, in the preceding Year, have taken the said Oath of Allegiance, Abjuration, and Declaration before them, in Manner aforesaid; and that in every such Lift the Quality, Condition, Title, and Place of Abode of each Person who shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath of Allegiance, Abjuration, and Declaration, within the preceding Year, shall be fully and clearly exprefixed $ and such Officers shall respectively give to any Person who shall take and subscribe the said Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration, at the Time of the taking and subscribing thereof, or at any other Time or Times, until the Lift or Register shall have been delivered or transmitted to the Sheriff Clerk's Office, a full Certificate of his or her having taken the said Oath, and of the Day on which the same Oath shall have been taken, for which Certificate there shall be paid no greater Fee or Reward than one Shilling Sterling; and every such Certificate shall be signed by the Officer giving the same, and shall be granted upon the same Terms, to any t) ther Person or Persons who shall demand the same 5 and every such Certificate, being so signed, shall be Evidence of the taking fucfrOath, in all Courts of Justice within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to and for all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That Entries shall be regularly and fairly made, by the Sheriff Clerks, of the Lifts or Registers so to be transmitted or delivered to them by the said Officers as aforesaid, in Books to be kept for that Purpose in their said Offices, within their respective Counties or Stewartries, and that the same shall be kept open for the Inspection of all Persons, on all Days (except Sundays and Holidays) throughout the Year, from the Hour of nine of the Clock in the Forenoon till four of the Clock of the same Day; and the Sheriff' Clerks for the Time being in the said Offices are hereby authorized and empowered to demand the Sum of one Shilling Sterling from every Person for each Book of Entries or Registers which he or she shall examine, consult, or inlpcdt, and to demand the Sum of one Shilling Sterling for every Entry which they shall be required to make an Extract or Copy of; all which Fees or Payments shall be paid unto, and appropriated by the said Clerks, for their Trouble in keeping the said Books as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every Office Copy or Extract of the Entry of any Persons having taken and subscribed the said Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration, certified under the Hand Writing of any of the said Clerks, shall be allowed of, and admitted as Evidence that the Person so entered had taken and subscribed the said Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration, and is therefore fully entitled to the Benefit thereof, in all Courts of Justice within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person professing the Roman Catholick Religion, within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration in Manner aforesaid, shall be as fully enabled to take by Descent, Purchase, or otherwise, and to hold, enjoy, alien, settle, and dispose of any real or personal Property whatsoever, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as any other Person or Persons whosoever, any Thing in the aforesaid Act of the eighth and ninth Session of the first Parliament of Scotland of King William, or in any other Act or Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, contained or implied to the contrary thereof in any Manner notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed or deemed to extend, to enable any Person professing the Roman Catholick Religion, in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, to be Governor,

Xx 2 Chaplain,

How Blanks in the Oath are to bw filled up*

Oath may be taken before the Sheriff Depute, &c. who shall deliver Lifis'annually of the Persons who shall have take$ it.

Officers to givi Certificates of Persons having taken the Oatlj which shall be Evidence,

Sheriff Clerks t® make Entries of Lifts delivered them, which may be inspefl-ed, and Copie? required.

Office Copies of such Entries to be Evidence,

Persons having taken the Oath9 &c. may enjoy real or pvrfonaJ Property.

Act not to authorise Roman Catholickt to oe Governors to

i

l

3^8 C. 44. 46. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Protestant Children, &c.

tl Sc 12 Gul. III. Cap. a*

I Am*, Sess. u Cap. fti.

Chaplain, Pedagogue, Teacher, Tutor or Curator, Chamberlain or Factor, to any Child or Children of Protestant Parents, or to be otherwise employed in their Education, ortheTruftor Management of their Affairs, or to be Schoolmaster, Professor, or publick Teacher of any Science, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Tower of the Parish Church of Hanlury, in the County of Wor-ccjhr> and for repairing the Paid Church, and rendering the same more commodious for the Pari (hioners.

[30th April 1793.]

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for vesting in his Majesty certain forfeited Estates in Ireland, subject to the Dif-position of the Parliament of Ireland.

[7th June 1793.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of England, in the eleventh and twelfth Year of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Inter ejh in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein men- Boned, it was enabled, That all the Honours, Manors, Lands, Possessions, and Hereditaments, within the Realm of Ireland, whereof any Person or Persons who flood convicted or attainted of Treason since the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, or who should be convicted of Treason before the last Day of Trinity Term one thousand seven hundred and one, or who flood convicted of Treason by reason of being found by Inquisition to have died, or been flaiti, in actual Rebellion, since the said thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, was or were seised or pof- fessed or interested in, or infilled td, on the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred and eighty- eight, or at any Time since, in their own Right, or to their own Uie, or whereof any other Person or Persons was or were seized or possessed or interested in, to the Use of or in Trust for them, or any of them, on the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, or at any Time since, or whereof the late King James the Second, or any in Trust for him, or to his Use, was foiled or possessed, or interested in, at the Time of his Accellion to the Crown of England, should be vested in certain Trustees, in the said Act named, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, upon Trust. and to the End that the same might be fold and disposed of, to and for such Uses as are expressed and declared by the said Abl: And whereas the said Trustees did, pursuant to the said Act, sell and dispose of a very considerable c Part of the Estates and Possessions thereby in them vested, and some Part thereof then remaining unfold, by an Act passed in the second Session of a Parliament holden in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for veiling such as remain uru*

in Ireland U 22 Geo. III.

fore the four-and-twentieth Day of June one, thousand seven hundred and three, should be 'vested in her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for the Uses and Purposes intended by the former Act, and subject to such*

Orders and Appointments as should be given by Authority of the Parliament of England in that Behalf:

And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the twenty-first and twenty-second Years*

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for extending certain of the Provisions contained in on Act, intituled,44 An Act confirming all the Statutes made in England,*" it is enabled, That all Statutes thereto- fore made in England ox Great Britain, for the settling and afiuring the forfeited Estates in Ireland, shall be accepted here, and executed in Ireland, according to the present Tenor thereof respectively: And whereas some Parts of the said forfeited Estates still remain undisposed of, and it hath been found expedient that the same should be vested in his Majesty, subject xo such Orders and Appointments as should be given respect- ing the same, by Authority of the Parliament of Ireland: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Ext* cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons*, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Reversions, Remainders, Services, Possessions, Hereditaments, Estates, and Interests vof what Nature or Kindjoever, within the Kingdom of Ireland, which stand so Vested as aforesaid in his Majesty, and remain so as aforesaid unfold and undisposed of, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, discharged from any Orders cr Appointments to be given by Authority of the Parliament of Great Britain, and subject to such Orders, Appointments* and Diipciition as shall be given or made respecting the same by the Parliament of Ireland*

JUhtes, &c» in Ireland veiled in his Majesty, discharged iff m any Orders the Parlianr cnt of Great Britain, and subject to the Orders of the Parliament of Ireland.

Act not to a veld

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to defeat or

any Lc^ie here- avoid any Lease of the said Lands, or any Part thereof, heretofore lawfully mado. toiorc made. ' 6

CAP.

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 47.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for placing the Stock called East India Annuities under the Management of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and ingrafting the same on the three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, in Redemption of a Debt of four millions two

hundred thousand Pounds, owing by the Publick to the East India Company j and for enabling the said Company to raise a Sum of Money, by a further Increase of their Capital Stock, to be applied in Discharge of certain Debts of the said Company.

[7th

WHEREAS here is now due and owing by the Publick to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies the several Sums of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, and one million, making together the Sum of four millions two hundred thousand Pounds, attended with an Annuity or an interest, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, amounting to the Sum of one hundred and twenty-six thousand Pounds, redeemable by Parliament; and upon the Credit thereof, and by virtue of an Act made in the twenty-third Year of King George the Second, the said United Company have sold certain Annuities, distinguished by the Name of East India Annuities, transferrable at the Office of the said United Company in London, to an Amount of two millions nine hundred and ninety-two thousand four hundred and forty Pounds and five Shillings, bearing an interest.

after the like Rate of three Pounds per Centum, amounting to eighty-nine thousand seven hundred and seventy-three Pounds and four Shillings per Annum, redeemable by the Publick; and the Resid us of the said Debt, amounting-to one million two hundred and seven thousand five hundred and fifty-nine Pounds and fifteen Shillings, bearing alike interest of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, amounting to thirty-six. 4 thousand two hundred and twenty-six Pounds and sixteen Shillings, is the Property of the said Company, subject to any Incumbrances by them made thereon: And whereas, by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, the said Annuity or interest of one hundred and twenty-six thousand Pounds per Annum, together with the Charges and Allowances, payable to the said United Company for 4. the Management of the Annuities so sold by them, amounting to one thousand six hundred and eighty.-4 seven Pounds per Annum, ft md charged and chargeable upon a Funderedted and established by the said- last mentioned Act, called The Consolidated Fund: And whereas it will be for the mutual Convenience and-. 4 Advantage of the Publick and of the said United Company, and also of the Holders of the Annuities so sold as aforesaid, that the said four millions two hundred thousand Pounds,^and the said Annuity of one hundred and twenty-six thousand Pounds, payable in respect thereof, should, 'with the Content of the said Company and of the said Annuitants, be transferred and placed under the Management of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and be engrafted upon and consolidated with the Annuity Stock called Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, charged and chargeable upon the said Consolidated Fund, but to continue subject to Redemption by the Publick May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's, most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Annuities fb sold by the said United Company, amounting to the Sum of two millions nine hundred and ninety-two thousand four hundred and forty Pounds and five Shillings Capital, being Part of the said Debt of four millions two hundred thousand Pounds, and the Annuity or interest of eighty-nine thousand seven hundred and seventy-three Pounds and four Shillings, payable to the Holders of the said Annuities in respect-thereof, with the Consent of the said Holders respectively, and also the said Annuities to the Amount of one million two hundred and seven thousand five hundred and fifty-nine Pounds and fifteen Shillings Capital, Residue of the said Debt of four millions two hundred thousand Pounds, and the Annuity, or interest of thirty-six thousand two hundred and twenty-six Pounds and sixteen Shillings, payable to the said United Company in respect thereof, shall, from and after the thirty-first Day. of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, be transferred from the Management of the said United Company, at their Office, to the Bank of England, and be placed under the Management of the Governor and Company of the said Bank, and be ingrafted upon and consolidated with the Stock uftially distinguished by the Name of Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and that such Ingraftment and Consolidation ftnll be deemed and taken-, to be a Redemption of the said several Loans or Debts of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, and one million, making tcgeiher four millions two hundred thousand Pounds, as between the Publick and the Lid United Company, under the said recited Act, and the same shall be accepted by the said Company, and by the Holders of the said Annuities by them sold as aforesaid, in full Satisfaction thereof respectively; and that from thenceforth the said Annuities or annual interest of eighty-nine thousand seven hundred and seven-ty-thiee Pounds and four Shillings, and thirty-six thousand two hundred and twenty-six Pounds and sixteen Shillings respectively, making together one hundred and twenty-lix thousand Pounds per Annum, shall remain and continue charged and chargeable upon the said Consolidated Fund, and be issued half-yearly by the Exchequer to the Chief Cashier or CaGfiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, together with and as a Part of the Annuity or interest of the said Stock, called Three Pounds per Centum. Reduced Annuities, for the Use of the said United Company, and of the Holders of the said. Annuities so sold as aforesaid reflectively, according to their respective Shares and Proportions thereof, and be no longer iiliied or paid at the Exchequer to the Lid United Company, or by the said United Company to the said.

Annuitants j.

339

23 Geo. II. Cap. 22.

27 G 0. in Cap. 13.

The F ft' fndra Annuities 10 be transfe/red fr>'in the Man. g-m^nc of tha East India Company* to th? B ink, and consolidated wish the 3 per Ce it. Reavc-d Annuities, teCo.

340 C. 47. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Annuitants; and that from and after such Ingraftment or Consolidation, the said several Annuities, amounting to four millions two hundred thousand Pounds Capital, and the said Interest payable in respect thereof, shall be converted into, and be deepied, taken, and received as Part and Parcel of the said three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and be incorporated therewith, and be by that Name transferred and transferrable by the said United Company, and the Holders thereof, and their Assigns, according to their Shares and Intercils therein, and by no other Name or Title whatever; and that all and every the Clauses and Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the said Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, or the Capital Stock known by that Name, and now in force, shall be deemed to extend and be applicable in all Matters and Things whatever to the said Annuities by this Act directed to be ingrafted thereon, and consolidated therewith, redeemable nevertheless by the Publick, in like Manner and in no other Manner than as the said Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities may by Law be redeemed; Power of Re- and that the Power of Redemption reserved to the said United Company, in respect of their said Share and demption of An- Proportion of the said Annuities, in and by an Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the East India Company to raise Money by a Sale of Annuities, and by increasvig pa^v a^nuiie^r* ^:eir ^aPlia^ Stocky or by an Act made in the thirty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, for removing any and Allowance Doubt respecting the Sale or Mortgage of Annuities under the said last mentioned Act, shall from for Management thenceforth be repealed, and that the said Allowance of one thousand six hundred and eighty-seven Pounds to cea'c. for the Management thereof shall from thenceforth cease and be discontinued, any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

(hMlUjint°enter °

IL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Holders or Proprietors of the said their DifTcntVat Annuities so sold by the said United Company, who shall not, on or before the said thirty-first Day of the Bank by August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, signify their Diflent to the said Ingraftment and Con-August i, 1793, foiidation thereof with the said^Reduced Bank Annuities, in a Book to be opened at the Bank of England to be deemed to |.-or the £ntry of any such Dissents which shall be offered, shall be deemed and taken to have assented thereto, the Consolida-0 any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

tion;

but the Anno*

III. Provided always^ and be it further enacted, That if any of the said Annuitants shall, within the Time ities of inch as aforesaid, enter, or cause to be entered, in the said Book, his, her, or their Diflent to their respective Shares dissent to be of the East India Annuities being ingrafted upon the said three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities in Cl^dt'"u t^J° bc Manner aforesaid, then and in such Case the several and respective Shares of the Persons so diifenting shall con-Company,'ani finue to be managed and transferred as if this Act had not been made, and the Annuity or Dividend payable repaid by the to them in respect thereof shall continue to be paid by the said United Company to the Persons so dissenting, en-Bank. titled thereto, until their respective Shares of the said Annuities shall have been subscribed into the said three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities; (which it shall be lawful for the Persons entitled to the same from Time to Time to do, by Transfers from the Books of the said United Company to the Books at the Bank of England\ when and as they shall be minded or think fit;) and that the Annuity or Dividend so paid by the said United Company shall from Time to Time be reoaid by the said Governor and Company of the Bank to the said United Company, or one of their principal Cashiers or Treasurers, whose Receipt for the same shall be a full and sufficient Discharge for such Payment or Payments, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Annuities after

IV. Provided atfo, and be it further enacted, That as well the Share and Proportion of the said Capital comfnue°H- Sum four millions two hundred thousand Pounds, belonging to the said United Company, and the In* abicTo thVfame tere^ or Annuity payable in respect thereof, as the Share and Proportion thereof, belonging to the said uses as before, other Holders thereof respectively, shall severally remain and continue, after the said Ingraftment and Con-unless hereby foiidation thereof with the said Reduced Bank Annuities, subject and liable to such and the same Uses, ltered* Trusts, Mortgages, Settlements, and Incumbrances, as the same shall or may, at the Time of such I11-

graftment and Consolidation, be subject and liable to, or as the same would have been subject or liable to,

(other wise than as by this Act is expressly altered, provided, or repealed,) in case this Act had not been made; and that the several Powers and Authorities vested in or given to the said United Company by any Act or Acts now in force, to fell or mortgage, or otherwise to dispose of their said Share and Proportion of the said Annuities or Capital Sum of four millions two hundred thousand Pounds, and the Interest payable in respect thereof, shall remain and continue in full Force and Effect, to be by the said United Company used, exercised, and enjoyed in respect of their said Share and Proportion thereof, when ingrafted upon and converted into Reduced Bank Annuities as aforesaid, any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in any-

wise notwithstanding.

Transfer Book* V. And be it further enacted, That the Transfer Books of the said Annuities so sold by the find United tobcfliut by the Company shall be finally (hut by them upon the said thirty-first Day of Augri/l one thousand seven hun-August V,°1793, dredanc* ninety-three, and forthwith delivered over to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in and delivered whose Custody the same shall from thenceforth remain; and that within fourteen Days after the Delivery

oter to the thereof the said United Company, or their Chief Accountant, shall make up and deliver to the said Governor

Bar k, and Ar- anci Company a perfect Account of each respective Arrear of Annuity or Interest due to the Holders or Pro-wiVhin Id oTs pBetors thereof, and pay over to the said Governor and Company the Amount of such Arrears, for the Use of wit no 14 ay. ^ j jers or Proprietors entitled thereto, in order to their being paid the same respectively by the said Governor and Company at the Bank of England; the Arrears belonging to the Persons who in Manner T-cafur to aforesaid shall have dissented to the said Ingraftment and Consolidation (if any) only excepted, ma'^c Allow-

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for ance to the Bank the Time being, shall and may make and allow to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England

fuel!

A.D. 1793'. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 47.

such additional annual Sum, for 4he Expences of managing and paying the said Annuities which by this Act shall be transferred to them, as the said Commissioners or High Treasurer shall think just and reasonable.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Company shall tecain and keep their Share of the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, until their exclusive Trade in, to, and from the Eojl Indies, and other Parts within the Limits of their Charter, subject to any Limitations or Restrictions, shall be determined by the Authority of Parliament, then and in such Case, notwithstanding the Consolidation thereof with the said Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, there shall be paid by the Publick to the said Company, antecedent to any Determination of the said exclusive Trade, the full Amount of the Capital of the Company's Share of and] in the said Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, or so much thereof as the said Company shall have so kept and retained, rating the same at Par, together with all Arrears of Interest, if any shall be due in respect thereof, any Thing in this Act, or in any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas, in the present Circumstances of the said Company, it is fit and proper that they

should be impowered to raise a? further Sum of Money, beyond what they are authorized by Law to raise

for the Purposes to which the same is herein after directed to be applied; and it is expedient that such c Money should be raised by a further Increase of their Capital Stock:' Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or of the High Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time or Times hereafter, to open Books, and to receive Subscriptions from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for enlarging their present Capital Stock or Fund of five millions to any Sum not exceeding the further Sum of one million Capital Stock, so as to make their whole Capital Stock the Sum erf six millions; which said additional Capital Stock shall be subscribed and paid for at the Rate of t.vvo hundred Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of such Stock, or at such other Rate as the Court of Directors of the said Company, with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or of the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall direct; which said Subscription shall be made, and the Money for the said additional Stock shall be paid, in such Manner and Form, and by such Inflallments and Proportions, as the said Court of Directors with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid shall appoint, and the Capital Stock so subscribed and paid for shall from and after the Time of such Payment be deemed, considered, and taken as and for a Part of the Capital Stock of the said Company; and the said Subscribers, from and after the Time of making full Payment for the said additional Stock, and their respective Executors or Administrators, and Assigns, shall at all Times be deemed and reputed to be Members of the said Company, and incorporated therewith, and shall be entitled unto, and have, hold, and enjoy all and every the Profits, Benefits, Privileges, Advantages, and Immunities, and be subject and liable to all and every the Regulations, Rules, and Orders, where to the present Stock Holders and Members of the said Company, in relped of the Stock held by and belonging to them, are respectively entitled, subject and liable unto, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, Charter, or Bye Law, or otherwise howfoeven; and the said additional Stock shall be transferable and assignable, and the Proprietors and Holders thereof shall hold their respective Shares of the said additional Stock, in like Manner respectively as the present Stock Holders of the said Company now do, and hereafter shall hold and enjoy the respective Sums belonging or to belong to them in the present Capital Stock of the said Company, and the same shall in all Respects be consolidated and united into one Joint Capital Stock.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and may, from Time to Time, make and pay the like Dividends to the Proprietors of the said additional Stock as they now do, or hereafter shall and may lawfully make and pay to the Proprietors and Holders of the present Stock of the said Company, the first of which said Dividends shall commence from such Time as shall be specified in the Proposals or Terms to be offered for the said. Subscription by the said Court of Directors, with such Consent and Approbation as^ aforesaid.

X. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Directors, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, to give the Option and Preference in subscribing for the said additionaLStock to such Persons as shall hold the said Company's Stock at the Time or Times of such Subscription as aforesaid, as far as, and not exceeding, the Amount of fifty Pounds per Centum on the Capital Stock which fhalDhen be held by each Stock Holder so subscribing, for all such Sums as they, shall subscribe on or before the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hunded and ninety-three and in case the Subscription made by them, on or before that Day and Year, shall exceed the Sum proposed to be sold at that Time, a proportionable Dcdudion shall be made from each Subscription; and if such Subscription shall, on the Close thereof on the Day and Year last before-mentioned, fall short of the Sum proposed to be sold, the Deficiency shall be disposed of to other Persons in such Manner as the said Court of Directors, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit.

Deduction to be made, and if left, the Deficiency may be disposed 0

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or restrid the Court of Directors of the said Company, by and with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, from agreeing with one or more Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Sale of the Whole of the said additional Capital Stock, or for such Part or Parts thereof as they shall from Time to Time think fit, and find it necessary and proper to fell; but it shall and may be lawful for the said Court, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, to contract for and agree to fell the Whole or any Part thereof to one or more Person or Persons.

3+1

for Management of Annuities,

A ny Sh re of the Annuities retained by the Company, o be paid them at Far antecedent to the Determination of their exclusive Trade.

The Crmpany with Content of the Treasury may add J,coo, oooo7. to their Capital

Stock.

Subscribersto b% incorporated with the Company.-

The like DtvJ^ dends to be paid on additional Stock as on the present.

Preference in subscribing to be given to the present Proprietors, not exceeding 50I per Com. on their Capitals.

If the Subscription by Propri* etors be more than sufficient, ft prr potti.mable f to other Persons*

The additional Stock, with the Consent of the Treasury, may be sold to one or more Pet foot.

342

R<fc?ipts to be piven foi Cepo-

fif, which may be rffiijjnid, 4c,

Pppr-f^s of Defaulters to be forfehed.

subscrirtlons to I c applied in Jt-idu^ton of Bond Debt« in Great Britain, fee.

Bond Debt when reduced, not to

bs increa'edj

VM'huut the Approbation of the 'mmiffirmer '(r the AiFiiis uf lodia, Pubiidc Act.

A Drawback of the Duti(r to be allowed on ccr-t. in Q^.»mities of W.;n.j for the Cr nfumption of $Gv.»l Officers.

On Proof of the I>utirs h.iving been paid, the J)rjwbatk to be all wed at the Port where paid, on the Wine belong delivered int*. the Custom Warehouse of the fort of Ship-ing, &c.

Drawback to be allowed only on

C. 47, 48. Anno tricesinfo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, as soon as reasonably may be, after the Deposit or first Payment shall be made for the said additional Stock to be subscribed for the said Company's Cashier or Treasurer shall give a Receipt for the same, and so from Time to Time as future Payments shall be made, which said Receipts shall be assignable and transferable by Indorsement thereon; and when the first Payment shall be made on the said additional Stock to be subscribed for, as aforesaid, the Holder of such Receipts, on delivering up the same, shall have his or her Name entertd in proper Rooks to be kept by the said Company for that Purpose, with an Account of the Capital Stock belonging to each Proprietor, in like Manner as the Accounts of the present Proprietors of India Stock are kept.

XIII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if any Subscriber or Subscribers, after having subscribed, shall fail in making all or any the Payments agreed, at the respective Times for such Payments, then and in every such Case the said Company shall and may take in Subscriptions for and fell the Stock subscribed for by such Defaulter to any other Person or Persons; and all Depofus and Payments made by such Defaulter or Defaulters, previous to such Default, shall be forfeited to and become the Property of the said Company.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies to arise by the said Subscriptions, the said Company shall in the first Place apply so much thereof as shall be sufficient for the Purpose in reducing their Bond Debt in Great Britain to the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, and after such Reduction made, or a sufficient Sum set apart and reserved for that Purpose, that the said Company shall and may apply and dispose of the Residue of the Monies arising by the said Subscriptions in the Discharge of such other Debts due or coming due from them as they shall think fit.

XV. And be it further enacted, That after the said Bond Debt shall have been reduced to one million five hundred thousand Pounds, as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the said Company again to increase their said Bond Debt in Great Britain beyond that Amount, except with the Approbation of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, for that Purpose in Writing first had and obtained; and that the whole In-crcnfe to be made to the said Bond Debt shall in nowile exceed the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act-

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to allow the Drawback of the Duties of Customs and Excise upon Wines consumed by Admirals, Captains, and other Commissioned Officers, on board Ships of War in actual Service, and to allow such Ships to be supplied with Tobacco, Duty-free.

[3d June 1793.]

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, a Drawback of the whole Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise, paid on the Importation of Wines into Great Britain, shall be allowed on any Sort of Wine intended for the Use of Admirals, Captains, or other Commissioned Officers employed in his Majesty's Service, for their actual Consumption on board such of his Majesty's Ships as they shall serve in, yearly and every Year and so in Proportion for any greater or lefsTimc: Provided that the Quantity of any Sort of Wines taken together shall not exceed, in any one Year, the Rate and Proportion herein after specified; that is to say, every Admiral fix 'Pons, every Vice Admiral fiveTons, every Rear Admiral four Tons, every Captain of a first and second Rate three Tons, every Captain of a third, fourth, and fifth Rate two Pons, every Captain of every Ship of an inferior Rate than those above mentioned one Ton, and every Lieutenant and other Commissioned Officer of any Ship of War half a Ton.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Admiral, Captain, and other Commissioned Officer, who shall have imported any such Wines for his Use or Consumption as aforesaid, or the Merchant or other Person or Persons who shall supply or furnish such Admirals, Captains, or other Commissioned Officers respectively, with such Wines for their Use and Consumption as aforesaid, on due Proof, according to the Laws and Regulations in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, touching Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs and Excise, that Inch Wines have respectively paid the proper Duties due and payable thereon, on the Importation thereof into Great Britain, referring especially to the particular Entries inwards, shall be paid and allowed, at the Port where such Duties have been originally received, the Drawback of the Whole of the said Duties so paid thereon, on the same being delivered into any of his Majesty's Warehousls at the Custom House, into the Charge and Custody of the Collector and Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs, at the Port from whence the lame shall be intended to be shipped or put on board any of his Majesty's Ships of War in actual Service, to be consumed as aforesaid; and on producing a Certificate or Certificates, in the Nature of a Debenture, from such Collector and Comptroller, of the Particulars of the Quantities and Sorts of such Wines so respectively received by them, to the Collectors of the Customs and Excise of the Port where the Duties thereon were originally paid, such Collectors are hereby authorized and required to pay and allow the full Amount of the respective Duties of Customs and Excise which such Wines had paid on the Importation thereof: Provided always, That the said Drawback shall not

be

A.D. 1793. Antio tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 48. 343

be so allowed as aforesaid upon any Wines but such as shall be deliver-] into the Charge of the Collectors and Comptrollers of his Majesty's Customs at some one of the following Ports, for the Purpose aforesaid, that is to say, London, Rochester, Deal, Dover, Portsmouth, Plymouth, Yarmouth, and Leith.

Wi.ic9 oe'ivf-rei int) the Ch^iye of the C'jftom-house Offi :er at Certain Pons. Wine to be /hipt in Presence of the Officer, who is to keep *n A'count thereof and certify the same.

Wine so (hipt not to be ic landed without Leave of the Customr, on Penalty of‘ I'or* feiture, &c. Persons receiving Wine reland* ed without Leave, liable to Penalty, and 1 he Vessels used forfeited.

Officers of the Customs to Uunsmit to the Commissioners. an Account of the Wine delivered in'o their Charge, &c.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Wines shall be shipped on board any of his Majesty's Ships of War, for the Purpose aforesaid, other than in the Presence and under the Care and Inspection of an Officer or Officers of the Customs, appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, or by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port where the same mall have been so warehoused as aforesaid, for the Purpose aforesaid, who shall and are hereby required to keep an exact Account thereof, and to certify to the said Collector and Comptroller the actual shipping thereof; and no Part thereof, after having been so shipped or put on board any of his Majesty's Ships of War for the Purpose aforesaid, shall be unshipped or relanded without the special Leave of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, or the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at one of the Ports herein-before enumerated, under Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof; and the Person or Persons concerned in unshipping or relanding the same, or any Part thereof, without such Leave as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as any Person or Persons is or are subject and liable to, on being concerned in relanding or unshipping any Goods entitled to Drawback of Duties on Exportation from Great Britain as Merchandize by any Law in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act; and the Persons to whose Hands such Goods shall come, after the relanding thereof, knowing the same, shall forfeit double the Value thereof; and the Vessels made use of in unshipping or relanding the same shall be subject to Forfeiture.

IV. And in order to provide a Check for preventing more Wine than the Quantities herein limited being supplied for the several Officers for the Purpose aforesaid, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collectors and Comptrollers of his Majesty's Customs at the several and respective Porrs, where any Wines shall be delivered into their Charge for the Purpose aforesaid, shall, from'Lime to Time, in such Manner as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any four or more of them in England for the Time being, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland, or any three more of them for the Time being, shall direct, transmit to such Commissioners respectively, or to such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same, a particular Account in Writing of the several and respective Quantities and Sorts of Wines received into their Charge for the Purpose aforesaid, and on Account of what Officers the same have been so received, and what Quantities of the same have been shipped onboard his Majesty's Ships of War, naming the particular Ships on board which the same shall have been shipped, and the respectiveTimes when shipped, and the particular Quantities and Sorts shipped at each Time, and for the Use of what Officers: Provided also, That if any Wines shall have been received into any Custom House Warehouse for the Purpose aforesaid, and such Admirals, Captains, or other Commissioned Officers respectively, shall be afterwards desirous not to ship the same on board any Ship of War in Manner aforesaid, the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port where the same mall have been so warehoused as aforesaid, shall, and are hereby required to deliver the same to such Officers respectively, on Payment of such Duties to the proper Officers appointed to receive the same, as such Wines would be subject and liable to on a regular Importation into Great Britain from foreign Parts, and such Wines on the Removal thereof shall be subject and liable to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Restrictions, and Forfeitures, to which such Wines respectively would have been subject and liable by any Law in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, on a regular Importation into Great Britain from foreign Parts: Provided likewise, That if any Wines, which shall have been shipped or put on board any Ship of wine uncon-War for the Purpose aforesaid, shall remain unconsumed, it shall be lawful for such Admirals, Captains, or fumed may be other Commissioned Officers, to reland the same with the Permission and under the pare and Inspection of *elanded an the proper Officers of the Customs and Excise respectively at one of the Ports herein-before enumerated, ^ment of and on paying the like Duties on such Wines so relanded, as they would have been subject to on a regular u y# Importation, the same shall be delivered for Consumption on Shore, subject nevertheless on Removal thereof to all and every the Rules, Restrictions, Regulations, and Forfeitures to which Wines are subject and liable after having been regularly imported, and landed in Great Britain: Provided nevertheless, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to allow any Drawback upon Wines delivered into any Custom House Warehouse, for the Purpose intended by this Act, unless the same shall be received into such Warehouse within the Space of three Years from the Time such Wines were respectively imported into Great Britain, nor shall any Drawback be allowed for any less Quantity of Wine delivered into such Warehouse as aforesaid, than thirty Gallons in Cask, and ten Dozen in Bottles; and in ascertaining the Quantity, for which the Drawback shall be allowed, if in Bottles, every five reputed Quart Bottles shall be deemed and taken to be equal to one Gallon.

herein specified. Five Quart Bottles to be deemed a Gallon.

V. - And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Admiral, Captain, or other Commissioned Officer, who shall have any Wines shipped in pursuance of this Act remaining on board any Ship of War, from which he is about to be removed, and shall not be immediately employed again in any other Ship of War, and is not desirous of landing the same for Horne Consumption, it shall and may be lawful for such Admiral, Captain, or other Commissioned Officer, to transfer his Property therein, to any other Admiral, Captain, or other Commissioned Officer, who shall and may lawfully receive the same, as Part of his or their Proportion of the Quantities limited by this Act, without Payment of any Duty for the same:

Provided that such Wines be transhipped by Permission of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs of the Port of translhipping, being one of the Ports herein-before enumerated, and under the Care and In?

33 GEO. III. Yy spedtion

Naval Officers desirous not to ship Wine may receive ic from the Warehouse on Payment of Duty/

Drawback flot to be allowed on any Wine, unless warehoused within three Years from itfc Importation, nor on a less Quantity than

Officers removed from Ships may transrenheir Property in Wine to other Officers*

344

C. 48.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III.

A.D.

1793>

Officers changing their Ships may rrtro*e their Sea Stock of L.quers

or may take them lor home Consumption in Payment of Duty.

Soeh Liq'iori if deposited n Warehouses more than a Year* to be disposed of con-iomably to ia Anns, Srac* a. Cap. 8. Pursers of Ships in actual Service n^ay remove to ' certain I'orts Tobacco regularly imported from America, "and warehoused, wi'bout Payment of Duty.

speflion of the proper Officers of the Customs, who shall and are hereby required tp take a particular Account thereof, and forthwith deliver the same to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs of the Port where such Wines shall have been transhipped as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Admiral, Captain, or other Commissioned Officer, shall change his Ship, it shall and may be lawful to remove his Sea Stock of Liquors to any other Ship of War to which such Admiral, Captain, or other Commissioned Officer, shall be appointed respectively, without landing the same, provided the said Liquors be transhipped under the Care and Inspe&ion of any Officer or Officers of the Customs, appointed for that Purpose by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port where such transfiipping shall take place, being one of the Ports-herein-before enumerated; or it shall and may be lawful to reland the same, under the Care and Inspection of such Officer or Officers of the Customs, and to lodge the same in the Custom House Warehouse at such Port, without Payment of any Duties whatever, and such Liquors shall there remain until the same shall be taken out again and relhipped under the Care and Inspection of the proper Officers of the Customs on board any Ship of War to which such Admiral, Captain, or other Commissioned Officer, is or may be appointed: Provided also, That such Admiral, Captain, or other Commissioned Officer, shall beat Liberty to take such Liquors out of the said Warehouse for Home Consumption, if he shall so think fit, first paying the full; Duties due for the same, subject, nevertheless, to all such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as the same would stave been subject to on a regular Importation into Great Britain.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Liquors so deposited in any Custom House Warehouse as aforesaid, shall remain there rr\ort than twelve Months, unless further Time be allowed by the Commissioners of the Customs for that Purpose, the same shall and may be disposed of by Order of the said Commissioners, and the Produce thereof be applied conformably to the Directions of an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for cn? courageing the Tobacco Trade.

VIII. ‘And whereas, by the Laws now in force, none but Tobacco of the Growth of the British Plantations, which shall have paid Duty, and which shall have been manufactured in Great Britain, can be legally used or consumed on board any of his Majesty's Ships of War in any Part of Europe: And whereas it is expedient that Tobacco of the Growth or Production of the British Plantations in America, or the United States of America, regularly imported into Great Britain, should be supplied to his Majesty's Ships of War for the Use of the Crews of such Ships, without Payment of any Duty whatever, under certain Conditions :* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing

of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Purser of any Ship of War in attual Service, on purchasing any such Tobacco for the Purpose aforesaid, which shall have beeir legally deposited in any Warehouse now or hereafter to be appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs for the Reception of the same on Importation thereof, to remove the same, without Payment of any Duty whatever, by Permission of the said Commissioners of the Customs, upon such Conaitions, and under such Regulations and RestritSlions as they may deem necessary for the Security of the Revenue, to the Ports of Rochrjfer*.Portsmouth, or Plymouth, there to be deposited in the Charge of the Collectors and Comptrollers of such Ports respectively, who are hereby authorized and required, on such Tobacco being duly entered Outwards, to permit the same to be shipped and put on board any Ship of War in actual Service within the Limits of their respective Ports, under the Care and Inspe&ion of the proper Officers.

IX. Provided always, That before shipping any Part thereof, such Purser shall produce to the Collectors and Comptrollers of such Ports respectively, a Certificate under the Hand of the Captain of the Ship to which such Purser shall belong, ascertaining that he is the Purser of such Ship, and that (he is in atftual Service, and specifying the Number of Men of which her Crew consists, on the Back of which Certificate such Purler shall make Oath before such Collectors and Comptrollers (who are hereby authorized to administer the same), that the Tobacco so about to be shipped is really and truly meant and intended for the Use and Consumption of the Crew of such Ship of War, and that no Part thereof shall be by him, or with his Privity, Consent, or Knowledge, relanded in any Part of Great Britain, without special Leave first had and obtained from the proper Officers of his Majesty's Customs for that Purpose, or landed in Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; which Certificate and Affidavit are to remain in the Hands of such Collectors and Comptrollers respectively, who are hereby required, immediately after the Shipping of any such Tobacco as aforesaid, to transmit to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs Copies of such Certificate and Affidavit, mentioning the Time when, and the Quantity of Tobacco that has been so shipped as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to cause an Account thereof to be kept by some Officer or Officers appointed by them for that Purpose, in order that Recourse may be had thereto as Occasion shall require.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no greater Quantity of such Tobacco shall be allowed to any such Ship of War than two Pounds Weight Avoirdupoile by the Lunar Month for each of the Seamen, or other Persons belonging to and serving on board such Ship, nor shall any greater Quantity be permitted to be shipped at one and the same Time, than will be sufficient to serve the Crew of such Ship for six Months at and alter the Rate above-mentioned.

Turfcrto produce a Certificate from his Captain of bi* identity, &c. and tu m*ke Oath to the P.rticuhri herein fyecihed,

Certificate and Affidavit to remain with the Officer of the Cuiiomj, whi is so transmit C pier, 5rc. to the Commifih -ers.

No more than 1 Nr. of Tosacco per Man per Month to be allowed, for more than fix Alonthf Allowance to be shipt at the same Time.

Furfers tray pjichase further Quantities of Tobacco as Sup* plica are con.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as the Tobacco, so supplied as aforesaid, shall be consumed in the Proportions aforesaid on board any Ship of War, it shall and may be lawful for the Purser to purchase, in like Maimer as aforesaid, a further necessary Quantity of Tobacco, and to furni/h the Ship to which he shall belong with the same, conforming in every to the

6 Rules,

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 4-8, 49. 345

Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, prescribed in this Act, as in the Case of the first Quantity so supplied as aforesaid: Provided also, That, before shipping of any such Tobacco, the Purser of every such Ship dull give Security, by Bond with one other sufficient Surety, in the Penalty of Treble the Duties of such Tobacco, that no Part of the said Tobacco so intended to be shipped shall, after shipping thereof, be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, without Permiilion first had and obtained from the proper Officers of his Majesty's Customs for that Purpose, or landed in Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jerfy, Alderney, Sark, or Man.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Puifer shall be removed from any one of his Majesty's Ships of War to another, he shall be at Liberty to remove the Remains of any such Tobacco, folupplied as aforesaid, from the Ship he is about to quit into the Ship to which he shall be appointed, Leave being first obtained by him from the Collector and Comptroller of the Port where such Ships shall happen to be, who are hereby authorized to permit the same under the Care and Inspection of proper Officers, on Oath being first made by such Purser before them, who are hereby authorized to administer the same, that the Tobacco so intended to be transhipped is really and bona fide Part of the Tobacco which had been so supplied as aforesaid, describing the Time when, and the Port where such Tobacco was first dripped, and such Collector and Comptroller are immediately after the transhipping to give an Account of the Particulars to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in that Part of Great Britain called England.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship of War shall be paid off, then the Remains of the Tobacco, so supplied as aforesaid, shall be landed and deposited in the Custom House Warehouse at the Port where such Ship shall be so paid oft' as aforesaid, with the Permission of the Collector and Comptroller of such Port, and may be again furnished and supplied to the Purser of any other Ship of War, on such last mentioned Purser giving Bond and making Oath in like Manner as was done by the former Purser on the original shipping thereof, and on his complying in all Respedls with the like Regulations; but in case the said Tobacco shall not be so reshipped, or the full Duties paid thereon, within six Months from the relanding thereof, (unless further Time shall be allowed by the Commissioners of the Customs for that Purpose,) the same shall be fold and disposed of by Order of the said Commissioners, and the Produce thereof applied conformably to the Directions of the said Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

Duies paid in fix Momh?, maybe fold conform

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Tobacco so sold by Order of the Tobacco sold by

said Commissioners, or Tobacco for which any Purser shall think fit to pay the full Duties as aforesaid, order the shall be subject and liable in all Respects to each and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, of [hlTcMom*, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as Tobacco delivered out of any Custom House Warehouse for Home Consump- &c liable to the tion would be subject and liable to same Rules as Tobacco delivered for HomeConsumpjjon.

on g'ning Bond that ic shall not be relanded.

PurserS, on changing their Ships, m.ry ie-move Tobacco on Leave from the Officer of the Cuff ms at the Port, &c.

Remains of Tobacco when Ships are paid off may be relanded, and deposed in the Custom House Warehouse of the Port, and supplied toother Purlers, &c. but if not re-shipped, or the ably to 12 Annas.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created Recovery and and incurred by this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such Man-

aer, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalties incurred, or any Goods or Vessels for- r ° feited for any Offence against the Laws of Customs on and immediately before the passing of this Act, might legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the Officer or Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act shall be intitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures as they were by Law intitled to, on and immediately before the passing of this Act, on Prosecutions of Seizures for unlawful Importation, and to such Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty, or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they wvtc, on and immediately before the passing of this Act, by any Law or Regulation intitled to, on Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for further continuing and amending an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom.

[3d June 1793.]

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned hath, by Experience, been found useful and beneficial,

and is near expiring, and fit to be continued and amended Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the 9 Geo. II. Cap. ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for further encou- 37^ for eocou-raging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectualfecuring the Duties now ras‘nslhc payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom,) which was to continue in force from the twenty- jgVifh^all fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, for the Term of five Years, and from thence cloth, continue 1 to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by several subsequent Acts made in the thir- toSepr. 19, teenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first Years of his said Majesty's Reign, and the fourth, twelfth, eighteenth, 1795> and twenty-sixth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninty-fivo, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

346 C. 49, 50. Anno tricesimo tertio GEORGII III. A.D. 1793.

-Penalties of ontinued Act, *hich do not attach to double Sail Cloth, not to extend to British Canvas made with single Thread Warps, &c.

S'ntle Thieid to be conformable to the Re-

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Part of the Penalties in the said Act contained, which do not attach to double Sail Cloth, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to British Canvas made with single Thread Warps, corded or not corded, and fit for or made into Sails, and that such Angle Canvas shall be deemed British Sail Cloth, and be equally entitled with double Canvas to the Bounties granted by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, (intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making ft Sail Cloth in Great Britain,) and by an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late M a] city Ring George the Second, (intituled, An Act for further encouraging the Man* failure of British Sail Cloth, by taking off the Duties and Drawbacks therein mentioned\ and allowing an additional Bounty on British-;/w.& Sail Cloth exported, and firstamping Unixfh-made Sail Cloth with the Name and Place of A Lode of the Maker.)

III. Provided always, That the said single Thread Sail Cloth be made of equally good Materials, and be conformable in Weights, and all other Things, to the Restrictions on double Thread Sail Cloth contained in the said Act hereby continued.

£ri£Uoas ou double Thread SiiI Cloth.

47 Geo. Cap. 27.

IIL

30 Geo. III. Cap. 29.

31 Geo. III. Cap. 38 j and

CAP. L.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the West Indies-, and for amending so much of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of Sugar into and

Bermuda Islands in foreign Ships; and so much of two Acts made in the twenty-eighth and thirty-first Years of his present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Timber into any IQand under the Dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies from any foreign Colony or Plantation in the West Indies or South America; and so much of the said Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine into Nova Scotia or New Brunswick from any Country belonging to the United States oiAmerica.

[3d June 1793.]

WHEREAS by four Acts of Parliament now in force, one passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for all Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa

92 Geo. III. Cap. 37, recited.

Majesty, intituled, 44 An sift for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Mer~ 44 chandize, in the Ports of Kingston, bavannak la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the If land ft u Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Istand of Grenada, tn the Port ^Roseau in the Istand ft Do- minica, and in the Port (/Nassau in the Istand oft New Providence, one of the Bahama lftands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions ft and for regulating the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Commodities the Growth and Production of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec; another, passed in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend an Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Alajftfs Reign, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India lftands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between his Majsty's said Subjects and the Foreign lftands in the West Indies; and also an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation oft certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah Jan. Mar,

Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the Istand of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Istand of G re- nada, in the Port of Roseau in the Istand of Dominica, and in the Port a/'Nassau in the Istand cfNew Providence, one of the Bahama lftands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; and another Act passed in the thirty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for making perpetual the aforesaid Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, it is provided that Wool, Cotton-wool, Indigo, Cor chineal. Drugs of all Sorts, Cocoa, Logwood, Fuftic, and all Sorts of Wood for Dyers Use, Hides,.Skins,

and Tallow, Beaver and ail Sorts of Furs, Tortoiselhell, Hardwood, or Mill Timber, Mahogany and all other Woods for Cabinet Ware, Horses, Asses, Mules, and Cattle, being the Growth and Production of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, belonging to or under the Dominion of any foreign Euro-

pean Sovereign or State, and all Coin and Bullion, Diamonds, or precious Stones, may be imported from any of the said Colonies or Plantations into the several Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, f '

Montego Bay,

and Santa Lucea in the Istand of Jamaica, the Port of Saint George in the Istand of Grenada, the Port of Roseau in the Istand of Dominica, and the Port of Nassau in the Istand of Neiv Providence, one of the Bahama lftands, in any toieign Sloop, Schooner, or other Vessel whatever, not having more than one Deck,

strictions:

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo fcertio Georgii III. C. 50. 347

' strictions: And whereas it is expedient to permit the said Goods and Commodities, in like Manner, to imported into certain other Ports in the Wesi 'Indies, and in like Manner to be again exported from thence:' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, all the Goods and Commodities herein-before enumerated and described, shall and may be imported into the Port of Antonio in the Island of Jamaica, and the fort of Saint John's in the Bland of Antigua, in the like foreign Ships and Vessels, and be again exported from thence to such Part of his Majesty's Dominions, to which the Exportation of the same is permitted by any of the said Acts, under the same Rules, Regulations, and Re-strictions, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures, to be recovered and applied in the Manner in the said Acts, or any of them, mentioned and contained.

From July so, 1793, the Goods herein-before enumerated may be imported into the Port of An-tonioin Jamaica, and of St. John's in Antigua, and exported from thence, under the Regulations of recited Acts.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Thing in this Act contained, respecting the Atf, respe£ing

said Port of Saint Johns in the Bland of Antigua, shall continue and be in force until the tenth Day of July Th0eh^»otrtto be^a one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and no longer. force till July 10, 1797,

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hun- Jh^herein*<ept

dred and ninety-three, no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, (except such as are herein-before enumerated enumerated, to and described, and except Tobacco as herein-afeer mentioned,) shall be imported in any such foreign Ship or imported in Vessel whatever, from any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, belonging to, or under the Dominion foreign Vessels of, any foreign European Sovereign or State, into any of the before-mentioned Ports, upon any Pretence CobnfeTbeiori11-whatever, upon Pain of forfeiting the same, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be im- ingToforeign^ ported, and the Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture of such Ship or Vessel. European States, on Penalty of Forfeiture y

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety three, to export from any of the said Ports, to any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, belonging to or under the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign or State, in any such foreign Ship or Vessel whatever, owned and navigated as aforesaid, Rum of the Produce of any British Bland, and also Negroes which shall have been brought into the said Islands respectively in British-built Ships owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, and all Manner of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall have been legally imported into the said Islands respectively, except Mails, Yards, or Bowsprits, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, and Tobacco, and also except such Iron as shall have been brought from the British Colonies or Plantations in America; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Doubts shall arise whether such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, intended to be so exported, shall have been legally imported into the said island of Antigua, the Legality of such Importation shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, before such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be suffered to be shipped for Exportation.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, no Goods or Commodities whatever of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Europe, or the Eeji Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall, upon any Pretence whatever, be exported from the Bland of Antigua, to any other British Colony or Plantation in America, or the IV'eJl Indies, upon Pain of forfeiting such Goods or Commodities, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so exported, and the Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture of such Ship or Vessel.

but Rum of British Islands, imported Negroes, &c. may be exported* fr in the said Forts to fuefct Colonies.

The Legality of the Importation, into Antigua, of Goods intended to be export-cd, to be proved to the Custom Officer,

No Goods of the Growth of Europe, or l Uces beyond the Cape of Good Hope,

to be exported from Antigua

to any British Colony in America, cr the West Indies, under Penalty of Forfeiture*.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, if any foreign Ship or Vessel as aforesaid arriving at or in any of the aforesaid Ports of Kin?f-tnn, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, Santa Lucea and Antonio in the Bland of Jamaica, the Port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, the Port of Rofcau in the Bland of Dominica, the Port of Nassau in the Bland of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, in the Port of Saint Johns in the Bland of Antigua, shall have on board any Goods or Commodities whatever of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, such Goods or Commodities shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the lame shall be brought, and all her Guns, Ammunition, 'Fackle, and Apparel, whether such Goods or Commodities shall be intended to be landed or not, or whether Bulk shall have been broken or not.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three. Tobacco, being the Growth or ProduvfHon of any island in the Wesi Indies, or of any Country on the Continent of America belonging to or under the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign or State, may be imported from any of the said Islands or Countries into any of the said Ports of Kingston. Savannah la Alar, Montego Bay, Santa Lucea and Antonio in the Bland of Jamaica, the Port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, the Port of Rofcau in the Bland of Dominica, the Port of NuJJ'au in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, and the Port of Saint John's in the island of Antigua, in the like foreign Ships and Vessels, and be again exported from thence to Great Britain or Ireland, under the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as are in the said Acts, or any of them, mentioned and contained.

Foreign Vefle's arriving at the Forts herein mentioned, with Goods of the East Indies, to be forfeited* &c.

4

Tobacco of Wr ft: ' India Islands, or of Pa:ts of America be--long'ng to foreign Fu^o-p an S'atesy.may. be imported into the Ports herein-m^ntior.ed in foreign Ships, and exported to Great Britain or Ireland*

8

1

I

I

I

i*

i

I '

, ii. i

j

I*

i

i!

I

348 C. 50. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Svch Tob*eco on Imporuii n into Great Bri-ta n, to be liable to the lame Duties *» Tobacco from his Majesty'*

IX. And be it further enacted, That all such Tobacco so imported into any of the said Ports shall, when imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain from any of the said Ports, pay the same Duties of Customs and Excise, and none other, as Tobacco the Growth or Production of any of his Majesty's Plantations in the West Indies, or of the Territories of the United States of America, and be subject: to the same Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and Reltriciions, and be liable to the same Forfeitures and Penalties for the Breach thereof.

West India Plantation?, or the United States of America.

32 Geo. III. Cap. 43,recited.

Foreign Sugar and C< ffee may be mponed into (och P«»n> in the tflar.d# called Caiers, at his Majesty fcall ipprote, Src.

X. And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulatin'? the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in foreign Ships, it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That it shall be lawful to import into the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, and into such other Port or Ports in the said Bahama Islands, or the Irtand of Bermuda, as shall be approved by his Majesty in Council, Sugar and Coffee, the Produce of any foreign Country or Plantation, in such foreign Ships, and fjbjedf to such Regulations as are prescribed in the aforesaid Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh and thirtieth Years of his present Majesty's Reign: And whereas it is expedient that the like Importation of Sugar and Coffee should be permitted in certain other Ports in the West India Islands belonging to his Majesty Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to import into such Port or Ports in the Islands called Caicos, as shall be approved by his Majesty in Council, Sugar and Coffee the Produce of any foreign Country or Plantation, 111 such foreign Ships, and subject to such Regulations as are prescribed in the said last mentioned Acts, with respect to the Ports therein mentioned.

Such Sugar and CciTee imported into ihe Port! permitted by this and last recited Af>, may be exp- r ed without Payment of Duty. Such Sugar or C\ ftVc imported fr*>in the lllinda tailed Caico?, into his Majesty's Dominions, to be deemed not of the British Plantations, &C-*3 Geo. III. i*p. 6,

V

Timber of certain Specie! oaay be ini* ported into his Majesty*a West India Islands frotn South America, &c.

XI. And be it further enacted, That Sugar and Coffee which shall be imported into any of the said Ports in the said Islands called Caicos, or which shall have been or may hereafter be imported into the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, or into such Port or Ports in the said Bahama Islands, or in the Irtand of Bermuda, as have been, or may hereafter be approved by his Majesty in Council, under Authority of the last mentioned Act passed in the thirty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, may be imported into, and again exported from, any of the said Ports, without Payment of any Duty of Customs whatsoever; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That on the Importation of any Sugar or Coffee into Great Britain, or into any other Part of his Majesty's Dominfons, from any such Port in the Ciid Blands called Caicos, such Sugar or Coffee shall respectively be deemed to be not of the Britifto Plantations, and shall be liable to and shall pay Duty of Customs and Excise as such, and may be warehoused in like Manner, and shall be subject to the Regulations of the said last mentioned Act, partTed in the thirty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and of each and every other Act and Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of the Importation of such Sugar or Coffee, so far as they relate to Sugar or Coffee not of the British Plantations.

XIII. ‘ And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty $ Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America; and be- tween his Majesty's said Subjects and the foreign Islands in the West Indies; and by the aforesaid Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, ThatnoTim- ber of any Sort shall be imported or brought into any Island under the Dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies (in which Description the Bahama Islands and the Bermuda ox Somers Islands are included) from any Island in the West Indies, or from any Colony or Plantation whatsoever on the Continent of South America, under the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign or State, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, and of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported or brought, together with all her Guns, Fur- niture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas it is expedient, that the Planters, and others being his Majesty's Subjects in the Islands under the Dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies, should, notwithstanding the Provisions so made in the said recited Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth and thirty-first Years of his present Majesty's Reign, be supplied front the Continent of South America. and from the Islands of Trinidada and Porto Rico, with certain Species of Timber to be used in the Construction of Mills and other Works necessary in the Manufacture of Sugar :* Be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, it shall and may be lawful to import in British-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, into the said Islands under the Dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies, or any of them, from any Colony or Plantation on the Continent of South America under the Dominion of any foreign ropean Sovereign or State, or from the Islands of Trinidada and Porto Rico in the West Indies, or either of them, the following Species of Timber; that is to say. Bully Tree, Purple Heart, Green Heart, Black Heart, Mastic, Wallabaw, Yellow Saunders,1 Locusts, or Bastard Mahogany, being the Growth or Production of any of the said Colonies, Plantations, or Islands# notwithstanding the said recited Acts, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force.

XIV. And whereas by the aforesaid Act,.passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, That no Goods or Commodities whatsoever shall be imported from any of the Territories be- longing to the United States of America, into the Provinces of Nova Scotia, or New Brunswick, or the Blands of Cape Breton, Saint John's or Newfoundland, or into any Country or Island within their respective Governments, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, together with the Ship or Vessel importing the same, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel: And whereas his Majesty's Subjects in

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 50, 5t. 349

the before-mentioned Provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, contribute greatly to the Navigation of the British Dominions by building greatNumbers of Ships in the Ports of the said Provinces, but are in Want of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine for the Purposes aforesaid P Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, pitch, &c. the from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to import Pitch, Tar, Production of and Turpentine, being the Growth or Production of any of the Territories belonging to the said United States the of America, from any of the Territories of the said United States into the Provinces of Nova Scotia and Now f*sm°ayA"c~ Brunswick; provided that such Pitch, Tar, or Turpentine shall not be imported except by British Subjects, imported from and in British-\>\jl\\t Ships owned by his Majesty's Subjects, and navigated according to Law. thence into

Nova Scotia and New Brunswick by British Subjecb, Sec

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Ships, Vessels, Goods, or Commodities, or other Things, which How Forfeitures shall be forfeited by virtue of any of the Provisions of this Act, shall and may be seized and prosecuted, and aret0 prose-the Produce thereof applied and disposed ot in such and the like Manner, and by such and the like Ways, c"led and Means, and Methods, as are provided in any of the aforesaid Acts respecting the Seizure and Prosecution of p ,e Forfeitures.

CAP. LI.

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to dire ft the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned. —[17th June 1793.]

WHEREAS, by an Act made and passed in this Session of Parliament, Commissioners were ap- Geo. III.

pointed for the Issue of certain Exchequer Bills in the Manner therein mentioned; who have taken cap. 29. recited. c upon themselves the Execution of the said Act May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed by tue said Act to ChmmJflbners advance and lend Exchequer Bills, to be made out in pursuance of the said Act, to any Person or Persons, on under recited the Security of any Wares or Merchandizes the Property of any other Person or Persons, with the Consent Act ma>'fend oLtbe lawful Owner or Owners thereof, such Consent to be testified and proved, to the Satisfaction of such ^Xp*ro®llIs Commissioners, in such Manner as they, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper; and that such the Frosty of Wares or Merchandizes, being pledged with such Consent as aforesaid, shall be bound as fully and effec- others, with the tually as if such Exchequer Bills were advanced and lent to the true Proprietor or Proprietors thereof re- Confem of the spectively, under the said Act. Ownersj

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed by and may take the said Act, in all Cases where they shall lee Occasion, to accept and take, as a further and additional Se- ^35Atonal curity for any Loan already made, or to be made, of any such Exchequer Bills, or any Part of such Loan, secuVhy, above over and above the Security required by the said Act, any Exchequer Bills, India Bonds, Bills of Ex- the Security rechange, or other negociable Securities for Money whatever, which shall be deposited for that Purpose, as- quired by recited the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall direct; and all such Exchequer Bills, India Bonds, Bills of Exchange, or other negociable Securities \ 1 Money, so deposited, shall, in Default of Payment of such Loan in the iVlanner directed by the said Act, become and be vested in the Lid Commissioners and shall and may be fold and disposed of, or the Monies due and payable by virtue thereof shall and may be sued for in due Course of Law, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, for the Use of the said Commissioners under the said Act.

,111. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons carrying on Trade in a Partnership or Partner* togiver Firm with any other Person or Persons, shall apply for any Exchequer Bills to be advanced by virtue of the b^J9s!‘ceu^ said Act, or any of the Securities therein mentioned, and shall shew, to the Satisfaction of the said Commit- a^omiifory* sioners, that such Exchequer Bills are to be advanced to such Person or Persons for the Use of the said Part- Note f.,r such nership, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons so applying for such Advance to give to the said Sum a* ihe Commissioners, over and above the Security required by the said Act, a Promissory Note or Promissory Comwiflnners Notes, in the Partnership Firm, in such Sum or Sums of Money respectively, not exceeding in the Whole <lialUirc<a* the Amount of the Sum to be advanced to such Person or Persons, with Interest for the same, according to the said Act, as the said Commissioners shall direct; which Promissory Notes as aforesaid shall respectively be made payable to the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the Time being, at such Times, and in such Proportions, as the Advance to be made to the Person or Persons lo applying shall be stipulated to be paid by the Obligation or Obligations to be entered into by such Person or Persons pursuant to the said Act; which Notes shall be respectively made in the Form following; (that is to lay,)

41 J/ffB promise to pay to the Secretary of the Commissioners for the Issue of certain Exchequer Bills for the Form.of Nets,

Time being, the Sum of with Inierejlfor the same, at the Rate of

Five Pounds per Centum by the Tear, from the Date hereof on the Day of

now next ensuing"

Provided that separate and distinct Notes shall be made and given by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, in f*"

' respect of each installment to be paid of the Sum advanced, pursuant to the said Act; and it shall be lawful JC u?on " ° '

for the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the Time being to sue upon every such Note.

350

Commissioners may annul Obligation! prior to this and take new ones.

Partn'ts Estates liable for Ad-tfmces made them on ihe Security of others, &c.

Commissioners may advance Exchequer Bills to the incorporated Banks in Scitland.

Commissioners may take, as additional Security, heritable Securities on Estates in Scotland or Assignrr.ents thereof, &c.

C. 51. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners'appointed by t the said Act, in every Case where they shall have made any Advance in Exchequer Bills, on the Security of any Obligation or Obligations with Sureties executed before the passing of this Act, to accept and take from the principal Debtor or Debtors, and also from the several Sureties thereto, or any of them, of any other Person or Persons as Surety or Sureties, another Obligation or other Obligations to his Majesty as a Security for the same Debt, with like Conditions thereto respectively subscribed for the Payment of the said Debt, with Interest, at the several Times, and in the Manner mentioned in such former Obligation or Obligations, and with the concurrent Consent of such principal Debtor or Debtors, and all the several Sureties already bound for the said Debt, to cancel and annul such former Obligation or Obligations, and" that every Obligation entered into after the passing of this Act, as a Security for the Repayment of any Loan made before the paiTing of this Act, shall have the like Force and Effect, and shall be enforced and prosecuted with the like Powers and Remedies, and shall be subject to the like Terms, Conditions, and Limitations, and the Money thereby secured shall be recoverable by the like Ways and Means, in all Respebts, as if such Obligation had been entered into as a Security for any Loan made by the said Commissioners after the passing of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Advance in Exchequer Bills shall be made to any Person or Persons concerned in any Partnership, upon the Application of any Person or Persons to the said Commissioners to make such Advance to the Use of the said Partnership, and such Advance or any Part thereof shall have been actually applied to the Use of the said Partnership, then the Estate and Effects of such Partnership shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Sums advanced and actually applied as aforesaid, with Interest for the same, and all Costs attending the Recovery thereof, as in case of Debt found on Record to the King's Majesty, notwithstanding the said Commissioners shall or may have taken Securities for the same Debt in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons than the Persons concerned in such Partnership, or in the Name or Names of any one or more of such Partners; and in case it shall be made appear, by Affidavit, to any Baron of the respective Courts of Exchequer in England and Scotland\ that such Advance, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, was affually applied to the Use of the said Partnership, and the same being found on Record, it shall be lawful for such Baron to cause an Extent to be issued against the Estate and Effects of such Partnership, to the Amount of the Sum so actually applied, with Interest thereupon and Costs as aforesaid, in the same Manner as if the Advance so actually applied was an immediate Debt from all the Persons concerned in such Partnership to the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for ths said Commissioners appointed by the said Act to advance and lend to the respective Companies of the incorporated Banks in Scotland, called The Bank of Scotland, and The Royal Bank, and for tb- said Banks respectively to borrow from the said Commissioners any Sum of Money in Exchequer Bills, on any of the Securities mentioned, in the same Manner as if such Sums respectively were lent and borrowed in Scotland, any Charter, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and that any Obligation to the King's Majesty, in the Form mentioned in the said Abl, being under the Seals of such Corporations respectively, and every other Security made in the usual Form of such Securities for Money borrowed by such Corporations respectively in Scotland^ which have been, since the passing of the said Abl, or which shall be entered into, or given to or deposited with the said Commissioners, as a Security for such Loans respectively, shall be good and valid in Law, and shall be reflectively proceeded upon for the Recovery of such Loans, with Interest reserved thereon, and Costs attending the Recovery of the same, in the Manner directed, as fully and effectually as if such Money had been borrowed in Scotland, under the Powers, Limitations, and Provisions, contained in any Charter or Charters relating to the said Corporations respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the said Commissioners appointed by the said Act, in all Cases where they shall see Occasion, to accept and take, as a further and additional Se--curity for any Loan already made or to be made of any Sum in such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, or Part

- of such Loan, from any Principal or Surety in such Loan, or other Person or Persons having Lands, Heritages, or other real Estates in Scotland, any heritable Security whatever which may affebt, incumber, or charge the said real Estates of such Principals or Sureties, or such other Persons as aforesaid, by the Laws of Scotland, and also to accept and take, as a like further and additional Security from any such Principal or Surety, or other Person or Persons possessed of any heritable Security, affebt ing, incumbering, or charging any real Estates in Scotland, any Alignment of such heritable Security prepared according to the Forms prescribed by the Laws of Scotland; and that every such heritable Security which shall be so granted or constituted, and every Assignment of any heritable Security which shall be so made as such further and additional Security for such Loan as aforesaid, shall respectively be granted, constituted, and made to and in the Name of the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the 'rime being, in Trust for the said Commissioners in 'Perms of the Loan for which the same shall be a Security; and the said Secretary for the Time being shall, under the Directions of the said Commissioners, have full Power and Authority to perform, execute, and carry into Effect, any Acts, Matters, and Things whatever, which shall be requisite for the further and' better afliiring and validating any such heritable Security or Assignment thereof as aforesaid, and for enforcing, prosecuting, and pursuing the same for the Recovery of the Sums for which such Securities were respectively granted, constituted, and made, in all Courts of competent Jurisdiction in Scotland, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Securities respectively were granted, constituted, and made to the Secretary for the Time bein£, as a Security for his own proper Debt in Scotland and that on Payment or Satisfaction of the principal Sums for which such Security shall be given, with Interest for the same,

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 5r

"fame, and all Costs incurred in recovering the same; and the said Secretary for the Time being shall, and he is hereby authorized under the Direction of the said Commissioners, to execute, on Behalf of the said Commissioners, a Discharge and Renunciation of the said Money so paid or satisfied, to be prepared at the Costs of the Party or Parties making such Payment or Satisfaction according to the Forms pr.elcribed by Law for discharging and renouncing an heritable Debt or Incumbrance upon a real Estate in Scotland, and that such Discharge and Renunciation shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person as Surety shall give any such additional Security as , in this Act is mentioned, over and above such Obligation or other Security for any Loan as is required by the Lid Ad, and if any Payment shall be made of any Part of such Loan in consequence of such additional Security being so given* and in Discharge thereof, every such Payment shall be deemed and taken to bp made under the Obligation entered into by such Surety, anj in Discharge or in Part Discharge thereof, for the Purpose of entitling such Surety, his Executors or Administrators, and such Payment dull intitle such Surety, his Executors and Administrators respectively, to the like Remedy from the principal Debtor or Debtors in the said Loan, his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for the Reimbursement of the Sums so paid or satisfied, and from the Co-sureties in the said Loan for the like Contribution as if such Payment or Satisfaction had actually been made upon the Obligation entered into by such Surety \ and if any Person not being a Party to any Obligation entered into by virtue of the said Act-, shall give such further Security for any Loan as in this Act is particularly mentioned, and any Payment or Satisfaction of such Loan, or any Part thereof, shall be made in consequence of such further Security being so given, and in Discharge thereof, every such Payment or Satisfaction shall intitle the Party making the same, his Executors or Administrators, to the like Remedy from the principal Debtor or Debtors in the said Loan, his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for the Reimbursement of the Sums so paid or satisfied, as if such Person had entered into an Obligation as Surety, and such Payment had been made thereupon; and that in every Case of such Payment upon or in consequence of such additional Security, as well the Obligation or Obligations of such principal Debtor or Debtors entered into by virtue of the said Act, as all and every the additional Securities which may have been given by such principal Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Act, shall severally and respectively stand and remain as Securities for the Purpose of such Reimbursement in the Manner directed by the said Act1, in Cases of Payment by Sureties upon Obligations, and until the Whole of the Sums so paid or satisfied shall be fully reimbursed, and that such Proceedings shall and may be had upon any additional Securities given by such principal Debtor or Debtors for the Recovery of the Sums so paid for the Benefit of the respective Parties making such Payments, their Executors or Administrators, as might lawfully have been had for the Recovery of the Sums due and payable to the said Commissioners, notwithstanding the said Loan shall have been fully repaid to the said Commissioners.

35i

If Saret'es give additional Security, and Payment of Loan: be nude in con-frquence there )fp it frail entitle the Surety to Remedy agaio/l the Original Debtor and the Co-furetiers $ and if Person* notObIigees, gi»e farther Security, and like Payment be mide, the Party making it shall be entitled to the same Remedy a* if be had been a Surety.

In case of such Payment in consequence of additional Securities, the Obligation of principal Debtors and additional Securities given by them to remain as Secuities, kct

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners appointed by the said Act shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to provide from Time to Time, such Warehouses or Places as they shall -deem requisite for lodging and securing Wares or Merchandizes deposited with them at any Place not more than ten Miles distant from the Standard in Cornhill, in the City of London, and that such Custody shall be as valid and effectual as if the same were deposited ia London, in pursuance of the said Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners appointed by the said Act shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to receive any Applications made for the Loan of any Sum of Money less than the Sum of four thousand Pound*, and not less than the Sum of two thousand Pounds, and to act thereupon according to the Rules and Regulations of the said Act with respect to Applications therein mentioned; provided that such Applications for less than the Sum of four thousand Pounds shall tender a Security in Wares and Merchandizes to be deposited under the Directions of the said Act, to the Amount of double the Sum applied for, and that no Loan for any less Sum than four thousand Pounds shall be made by the said Commissioners, unless Wares or Merchandizes to the Amount of double the Sum so lent, shall be deposited in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act-

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Provision in the said Act made with Application to any Commission or Commissions of Bankruptcy, shall be deemed and conllrued to extend to any Sequestration awarded or to be awarded against the*Estate or Efteds of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts in Scotland, as fully and effectually as if such Provision had been expressly applied thereto by the said Act.

Ccramifllonert to provide Warehouses within 10 Mile* of London.

Commissioner* to receive Applications for Loans not under aoooo I. on Tender at a Depoficj of double the Sum applied for.

Provision? applying to Commissions of Bankruptcy to extend to Se-

questration against Estates of Bankrupts in Scotland.

XII. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Wares and Merchandizes which shall be placed under the Custody of any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excile in any Rooms, Warehouses, or Places belonging to the Owner or Owners of such Wares or Merchandizes, in any of the Places mentioned in the said Act for the Deposit of Wares and Merchandizes, and which shall be approved by the said Commissioners, as a Security for any Loan under the said Act, shall be deemed a Deposit of Wares and Merchandizes within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, and shall and may be kept and secured in the Custody of such Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excile, in such Warehouses, Rooms, or Places of such Owner or Owners respectively, as a Security for such Loan, and until Payment thereof, under such Rules and Regulations as shall be from Time to Time prescribed by the said Commissioners, and und. r the several Restrictions, Conditions, Exemptions, Privileges, and Advantages, and as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Wares and Merchandizes were deposited as such Security in the Custody of the said Commissioners under the said Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Obligation or other Security entered into or given, from and after the passing of this Act, by any Person or Persons, either as Principal or Surety, who shall after-

33 Geo. III. 'Ll wards

Deposits in the Custody of Officers of the Customs or Ex~ cif*, according to recited Act, to be deemed a Deposit by this Act.

Securities of Persons bsce 1-ing Bankru

352

C.

57,

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 179

in England to be forfei ed, and the Claims of the Commissioners to be first ' paid. See,

and also in Scot-had, Scc.

Commissioners may accept Security for Sums due /rom Bankrupts.

Commissioners may accept provisional Security from the Assignees of Sur«-ti'S, which Hull! e void on Payment of the Money due by he principal 'Debtor, &c.

K chase of Estate or EfTetts of Bankrupts not to discharge other Securities.

If principal peb'tors do not produce other

wards become Bankrupt within the true Intent and Meaning of the several Statutes made, and now in force, concerning Bankrupts, and against whom a Commission of Bankrupt shall be awarded and issued out in that Part of Great Britain called England shall, by reason and force of such Bankruptcy, and from the Time of such Bankruptcy, become and be forfeited, and due and payable, as against such Bankrupt or Bankrupt; and that all the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts which would be liable to satisfy the Demands of the Creditors seeking Relief under such Commission of Bankrupt, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Principal, and Interest due upon such Obligation or other Security, and all Costs attending the Recovery of the same; and that the Claims of the said Commissioners shall be first paid and satisfied out of the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and in Preference to the Claim of any other Creditor or Creditors: And it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time beingv to apply by Petition, in a summary Way, to the proper Courts in England, having Jurisdiction of the Matters of such Commission of Bankruptcy, to make due Order accordingly, which such Courts respectively are hereby authorized and required to make.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Obligation or other Security entered into or given, from and after the paflitig of this Act, by any Person or Persons, either as Principal or Surety, who shall afterwards become Bankrupt, and against whose Estate Sequestration shall be awarded in Scotland, shall by reason and force of such Bankruptcy, and from the Time of the Date of the full Deliverance, on the Petition to the Court of Session for awarding the Sequestration, become and be due and payable as against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and that all the Estate and Effects, real and personal, of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, which would be liable to satisfy the Demands of the Creditors seeking Relief under such Sequestration, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Principal and Interest due upon such Obligation or other Security, and all Costs attending the Recovery of the same; and that the Claims of the said Commissioners shall be first paid and satisfied out of the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, aiyl in Preference to the Claim of any other Creditor or Creditors, nevertheless without Prejudice to Preferences duly obtained, according to the Law of Scotland, upon the real Estates of Persons who shall become Bankrupts; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, to apply, by Petition in a summary Way, to the proper Courts in Scotland, having Jurisdiction of the Matters of such Bankruptcy, for making effectual the Payment of the Claims of the said Commissioners accordingly, and which such Courts are hereby authorized and required to make.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed by the said Act to accept from the Assignees under any Commission of Bankruptcy issued, or from the Fadlor or Factors, Trustee or Trustees, under any Sequestration awarded, against any principal Debtor or Debtors in any such Loan under the said Act, such Security for the Payment of the Sum due from such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, out of his or their Estate or Effects, as the said Commissioners shall approve; and that the Acceptance of such Security by the said Commissioners shall operate as a Release of the Estate of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, for the Benefit of the Creditors under the said Commission of Bankruptcy in England, or Sequestration in Scotland, from all Claims whatever by the said Commissioners, other than and except such Part of the said Estate as shall be specified in Writing between the said Commissioners and the said Assignees, under the said Commission of Bankruptcy in England\ or between the said Commissioners and the said Fadlor or Factors, Trustee or Trustees, under the said Sequestration in Scotland, to be reserved by the said Commissioners for such Security as aforesaid, in case the said Commissioners shall require such Security.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case such Debt shall grow due to the said Commissioners from any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, as a Surety or Sureties upon any such Loan as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to accept from the Assignees under such Commission of Bankruptcy in England, or from the Fadlor or Factors, Trustee or Trustees, under such Sequestration in Scotland, such provisional Security for the Payment of the Sum due from such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, out of his or their Estate or Effects, as the said Commissioners shall approve, such provisional Security to be void on the Payment or Satisfaction of the Sum so due by the principal Debtor or Debtors, or by the Acceptance of other Surety or Sureties in lieu thereof, in the Manner herein after mentioned; Provided that such Acceptance of such provisional Security by the said Commissioners shall operate as a Release of the Estate of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, for the Benefit of the Creditors under the said Commission of Bankruptcy in England, or Sequestration in Scotland, from all Claims whatsoevex by the said Commissioners, other than and except such Part of the said Estate as shall be specified in Writing between the said Commissioners and the said Assignees, under the said Commission of Bankruptcy in England^ or between the said Commissioners and the said Fadlor or Factors, Trustee or Trustees, under the said Sequestration in Scotland, to be reserved by the said Commissioners for such provisional Security as aforesaid, in case the said Commissioners shall require such Security.

XVII. Provided always, That any such Release of the Estate or Effects of any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts as aforesaid, whether Principals or Sureties upon any such Loan as aforesaid, shall not be deemed or taken, either in Law or Equity, to discharge any other Person or Persons, or the Estate or Effects of any other Person or Persons, or to afredl any other Security for the same Debt, or in any Manner to prevent any Contribution amongst Sureties, or any Demand of Sureties against their Principals provided for by the said Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Surety or Sureties upon any such Loan by the said Commissioners under the said Act shall be declared Bankrupt as aforesaid, and the principal Debtor or Debtors

I

A.D. 1793. Anno trkefimo tertio Georgii III. C.-51. 353

thereon shall not, within fourteen Days after Notice thereof, and Requisition made for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, produce another Surety or other Sureties, to be approved of by the said Commissioners, to become bound, and who shall accordingly become bound, in the said Sum by the like Security or Securities, in lieu of the Surety or Sureties so becoming Bankrupt as aforesaid, or pay to the said Commissioners one Half of the Sum for which such Surety or Sureties were bound by such Security or Securities, then the Security and Securities given or entered into by such principal Debtor or Debtors shall be deemed forfeited as far as to the Amount of one Half of the Sum or Sums in which such Surety or Sureties were bound respectively; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause Process to be issued, in the Manner prescribed by the said Act, against the principal Debtor or Debtors, his and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, for the Recovery of one Half Part of all and every the Sum and Sums in which such Surety or Sureties were bound respectively, together with Interest and Cods, to be directed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of the said Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, to apply, by Petition or otherwise, to the proper Courts in England and Scotland respectively, for any Commission of Bankruptcy or Sequestration against the Estate or Efiedts of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and to sue out and otherwise pursue the same respectively, in like Manner as any other Creditor or Creditors is or are by Law intitled to do in England and Scotland respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners named in any Commission of Bankruptcy which shall at any Time hereafter be awarded and issued out in England, and the Court of Session or Lord Ordinary officiating on the Bills for the Time, and every Officer or other Person concerned in the Management of the sequestered Estate of any Bankrupt in Scotland, shall admit the Proof of any Debt or Grounds of Debt under the said Act', on the Oath, Affirmation, or Affidavit of any Person appointed by the said Commissioners to act in the Execution of the said Act, which Oath, Affirmation, and Affidavit respectively shall be taken and administered before any of the proper Officers, having Authority by Law to administer Oaths or Affirmations, or to take Affidavits in Cases of Bankruptcy, and shall permit such Person so authorized by the said Commissioners, to vote in the Choice of an Assignee or Assignees, Fadlor or Factors, Trustee or Trustees, as the Case may require, of such Bankrupt's Estate and Enedls, and to do and execute every other Adl, Matter, and Thing relating to such Bankruptcy, as fully and effectually as if such Person so authorized was the bona fide Creditor of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con-(Irued to extend, to prevent, hinder, or delay the Execution of any Commission of Bankruptcy by the Commissioners therein named, according to the Laws now in force in that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Proceeding to or under Sequestration in Scotland; provided that every Alignment of the Estate or Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts under the said Commission in England, and every Adl of Sequestration of the Estate or Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts in Scotland, shall be subject to the Claims of the said Commissioners appointed by the said Act, and until the same shall be fully paid or secured to be paid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Obligation to his Majesty, taken by the said Commissioners from and after the passing the said Act, or to be taken from and after the passing of this Act, nor any Pro-mi ifloty Note to be given to the Secretary to the said Commissioners under this Act, as a Security for the Loan of Money in such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, nor any Affidavit, Deposition, or Receipt, taken or to be taken or made under and by virtue of the said Acts, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of this Act shall, in the Execution of the said Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount^ for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned, be used, and applied, and construed, in like Manner as if the same Provisions were specially enacted in the said Act; and all and every the Provisions of the said Act shall, in the Execution of this Act, and in the Application of the Monies recovered or arising upon any Instrument or other Security taken or deposited by virtue of this Act, be used, applied, extended, and construed in like Manner, as if the same Provisions were specially enacted in this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence from and after the Day when the same shall receive the Royal Assent.

XXV. And whereas certain Exchequer Bills have been prepared at the Receipt of the Exchequer, under the said Act, which are made payable on the thirty-first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and which were directed by the said Act to be made payable on the thirtieth Day of December € one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three be it further enacted, That all such Exchequer Bills which have been or shall be issued under the said Act, as payable on the said thirty-first Day of December, shall be deemed in Law to be due and payable on the said thirtieth Day of December, according to the Directions of the said Act, any Thing in such Exchequer Bills contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Sureties, or pay Half the Sum for which Esnk* rupt Sureties were bound, Process may be issued against them for it.

Commissionera may apply lor Commission* of Bankruptcy or Se^ueftrariun*

Commissioners of Bankruptcy, &c. to admit Proof of Debt upon the Oath of Persons appointed by the Commissioners uru'er recited Act, Scc,

Act not to delay the Execution of Commissions of Bankruptcy, &c.

Obligation* under recited or this Act not liable to Stamp Duty.

Provisions of this tT extend to recited Act 5 and of recited Act to this.

[Commencement of Act.]

Exchequer Bil 1* made payable on December 31, 1793, to be deemed payable on December 30.

CAP.

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 52. 355

shall not exceed the Sum of five thousand Pounds in any one Year and that the Whole of the Salaries, Members of the

Charges, and Expences of the said Board, exclusive of the Salaries of the Members of the said Board, shall not exceed the Sum of eleven thousand Pounds in any one Year. nually, fee.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, before they shall proceed to Commissioner# adlin Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities verted in them (save only the Power of administering rouke ibcfoi-the Oath after mentioned) shall severally take and subscribe the following Oath; (that is to say,) lowing

I A.B. do faithfully promise and swear, That as a Commissioner or Member of the Board for the Affairs of Oath.

" India, I will give my best Advice and Affiance for the good Government of the British Possefions in the Eart:

c Indies, and the due Administration of the Revenues of the same, according to Law, and will execute the several Powers and Trusts reposed in me according to the befl of my Skill and Judgement, without Favour or Affection,

Prejudice or Malice, to any Person whatever"

Which Oath any two of the said Commissioners shall and are hereby impowered to administer to the others of them, or any of them; and the said Oath shall be entered by their Chief Secretary amongst the Acts of the Board, and be duly subscribed and atterted by the said Commissioners, at the Time of their taking and administering the same to each other respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the several Secretaries and other Officers of the said Board shall also take and subscribe, before the said Board, such Oath of Secresy, and for the Execution of the Duties of their respective Stations, as the said Board shall diretft.

VIII. And, for obviating any Doubt which might otherwise arise, how far the Office or Appointment of c a Commissioner of the said Board for the Affairs of India^ by virtue of this Act, or of the Chief Secretary to the said Board, be within any of the Provisions contained in an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majestfs Person and Government, and of the Succef fion to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line, or how far the Appointment of any such Commissioner or Secretary, being a Member or Members of the House of Commons, shall vacate his or their Seat or Seats in that House,' be it further enacted and declared, That the said.respective Offices, Places, or Appointments of a Commissioner or Chief Secretary of the said Board for the Affairs of India., to be made under the Authority of this Act, shall not be deemed or taken to be within the Intent or Purview of the said Act of the nxth Year of Queen Anne, whereby to disqualify any such Commissioner or Chief Secretary from being elected, or fitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons; nor shall the Appointment of any such Commissioner, not having any special Salary annexed to such Appointment, or the said Chief Secretary, if a Member or Members of the House of Commons, vacate his or their Seat or Seats in the said House; any Thing contained in the said Act of the sixth Year of Queen Anne, or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Board of Commissioners shall by force and virtue of this Act have and be inverted with full Power and Authority to superintend, direct, and controul all Acts, Operations, and Concerns which in any wise relate to or concern the Civil or Military Government or Revenues of the said Territories and Acquisitions in the East Indies, subject nevertheless to such Directions, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and to such Appropriations of the said Revenues, as are by this Act made, provided, or established, and not ottarwife, or in any other Manner, any former Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any of them, or their Chief Secretary, or any other of the Officers of the said Board, by the Order and Authority of the said Board, shall have free Access to the Books, Papers, Letters of Correspondence, Evidences, and other Records of the said Company, and be assisted by the proper Officers of the said Company in their Searches for the same, and furnished, by and at the Expence of the said Company, with Copies or Extracts of so many or such Parts thereof re-fpcclivelyas the said Board shall require,

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Directors of the said Company for the Time bei-ng. shall, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, to deliver to the said Board Copies of all Minutes, Orders, Resolutions, and Proceedings of all Courts of Proprietors, General or Special, and of all Courts of Directors, within eight Days after the holding of such Courts respectively, and also Copies of all Letters, Advices, and Dispatches which shall at any Time or Times be received by the said Court of Directors, or any Committee of Directors, from the East Indies, or from any other of their Settlements or Factories'within the Limits of their exclusive Trade, or from any of the Servants of the said United Company, stationed at Saint Helena, Buffora, Suez, Aleppo, or other Parts beyond the Seas, in anywise relating to or concerning the Civil or Military Government, or the Revenues of the said Territories and Acquisitions in India, immediately after the Arrival and Receipt thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Orders or Instructions whatever relating to the Civil or Military Government or Revenues of the said Territorial Acquisitions in India, shall be at any Time sent or given to any of the Governments or Settlements in India, by the Court of Directors of the said United Company, or by any Committee of the said Directors, until the same shall have been submitted to the Consideration of and approved by the said Board; and for that Purpose that Copies of all Orders and Instructions which the said Court of Directors, or any Committee of the said Directors, shall propose to be lent to India, shall be by them previously laid before the said Board; and that within the Space of fourteen Days after the Receipt of such proposed Dispatches the said Board shall cither return the same to the said Court of Directors, or Committee of Directors, with their Approbation thereof certified under the Hand of the Chief Secretary to the said Board, by the Order of the said Board, or if the said Board shall difap-

prove,

Officers to take Oaths.

6 Anna?,

Cap. 7.

Appointments of Commissioner or Chief Seer^tiry not to difqu 'lify from being elected to Parliament, &e«

B^a*d to superin* tend ailConcernt rfla-.ing ro the Civil or Military-G vernment or Revenues in the East Indies.

Commissioneir or their tyfii ers to have Access to the Bo ks of the Company-, &c.

Court of Directors to deliver to the Board, Co. pies of all Proceedings; and of Dispatches received relating to the Civil or Military Government or Revenues.

Orders relying to Civil or Mi«

1 tar> Govern-UKnt or Revenues, to be fib* nii ttd to the Can fide ration of the Hoard, who mi) al enhe lame, ic,

S5^ C. 52. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

prove, alter, or vary in Substance any of such proposed Orders or Instructions, in every such Case the said Board shall give to the said Directors in Writing, under the Hand of the Chief Secretary of the said Board, by Order of the said Board, their Reasons at large in respect thereof, together with their Inftriic-ttons to the said Directors in relation thereto; and that the said Directors shall, and they are hereby required forthwith todifpatch and fend the Letters, Orders, and InstrucSlions, in the Form approved by the said Board, to the proper Government or Officers in India, or other Limits, without further Delay, unless on any Representation made to them by the said Directors, the said Board shall order any Alterations' to be made therein; and that the Directors of the said Company for the Time being shall, and are hereby required to pay Obedience to, and shall be governed and bound by, such Orders and Instructions as they shall from Time to Time receive from the said Board of Commissioners, touching or concerning the Civil and Military Government of the said Territories and Acquisitions, and the Revenues of the same, according to the Tenor and true Intent of this Act.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to feltridl or prohibit the said Directors from expressing, by Representation in Writing to the said Board, such Remarks, Observations, or Explanations as shall occur, or they shall think fit, touching or concerning any Letters, Orders, or Instructions, which shall have been varied in Substance, or disapproved by the said Board; and that the said Board shall, and they are hereby required, to take every such Representation, and the several Matters therein contained or alledged, into their Consideration, and to give such further Orders or Instructions thereupon as they shall think fit and expedient; which Orders or instructions shall be final and conclusive upon the said Directors.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to give to the said Board of Commissioners the Power of nominating or appointing any of the Servants of the said United Company, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall neglect to frame, and to transmit to the said Beard, Dispatches on any SubjecSl connected with the Civil or Military Government of the said Territories and Acquisitions, or with the Revenues thereof, beyond the Space of fourteen Days after Requisition made to them by Order of the said Board, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Board to prepare and send to the said Directors (without waiting for the Receipt of the Copies of Dispatches intended to be sent by the said Directors) any Orders or InstrucSlions for any of the Governments or Presidencies in India, concerning the Civil or Military Government of the said Territories, or the Revenues thereof; and the said Directors shall, and they are hereby required to transmit Dispatches, according to the Tenor of the said Orders and Inductions so transmitted to them by the faits Board, unto the respective Governments and Presidencies in India, unless, on any Representation made by the said Directors to the said Board, touching such Orders or InstrucSlions, the said Board shall direct any Alteration to be made in the same; which Directions the said Court of Directors shall, in such Case* be bound tp conform to.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to give to the said Board of Commissioners any Power or Authority to issue or fend any Orders or Inductions, which do not relate to Points connected with the Civil or Military Government, or Revenues of the British) Territories or Possessions in India, nor to expunge, vary, or alter any Dispatches proposed by the Lid Court of Directors as aforesaid, which do not relate to the said Government or Revenues; and that if the said Board shall find any Orders or lndrudiions to the said Court of Directors, to be by them transmitted, which in the Opinion of the said Court of Directors shall relate to Points not connected with the said Civil or Military Government, or Revenues, then and on any such Occafien it shall be lawful (or the said Court of Directois to apply by Petition to his Majesty in Council touching the same, and his Majesty in Council shall decide how lar the same be or be not connected with the Civil or Military Government and Revenues of the said Territories and Possessions in indiay which Decision shall be final and conclusive.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Board to give or cause to be given any Directions, ordering or authorizing, by any Dispatches to be sent to India, the Increase of the established Salaries, Allowances, or Emoluments of any Governor General, Governor, or President, or Member of Council of any of the Presidencies and Settlements there, or of any other Officer in the Service of the said Company, beyond the Amount to which the same now (land fixed by the Orders which have been sent to India, unless such Increase shall be specified and contained in some Dispatch proposed by the said Court of Directors to be sent to India, and transmitted by them to the said Board for their Approbation, and unless an Account of the actual Salaries, Allowances, and Emoluments of such Governor General, Governor, or President, or Member of Council, or other Officer respectivel/, and of the Increase proposed to be made therein, with the Reasons for such Increase, Avail have been laid before both Houses of Parliament thirty Days before such Dispatch shall be sent.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Board to give or cause to be given any Direction for the Payment of any extraordinary Allowance or Gratuity from the said Revenues to any Person, on Account of Services performed in India, or on any other Account whatever, to any greater Amount, or to any other Person than shall be specified and contained in some Dispatch proposed by the said Court of Directors to be sent to India, and transmit cd by them to the said Board for their Approbation; and that in every Case where any such Directions shall be so given, a distinct Account of all such Allowances or Gratuities shall be added to the next Lift of Establifhments laid before Parliamenthy the said Court of Directors.

Dirt&ors may nuke Reprc-fen'ations touching Orders altered or cifapproved by the Bo-rd.

B«>ard n< t to nominate any of the Servants of the Company.

If the Directors neglect to frame Dispatches beyond 14 Days a:ter Requifi-ti n, the Board may prepare In-flru&iens, and the Director* shall forward them to India.

Boa*-d to issue Orders relating to the Cfi il or Military Government, or the Reveni es on'y j and if the Directors chink they 00 n-»t relate to them, thry may pc. tion his Majesty.

Board not to di-re£t the Increase of eAablished Salaries proposed by the Directors, am-laid before Parliament;

nor to direct any Gratuity, but such as shall be propojrd by the Diic&ors, &c

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Geor, gi 1 III. C. 5^.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the said Board of Commi&oners shall be of Opinion that the subject Matter of any of their Deliberations concerning the levying War, or making Peace, or treating or negociating with any of the Native Princes or States in India intended to be communicated in Orders to any of the Governments or Presidencies in India., shall be of a Nature to require Secrecy, it shall and may be lawful for the said Board to fend their Orders and Inftrp&ions to the Secret Committee of the said Court of Directors, to be appointed as is by this Act directed, who shall thereupon, without disclosing the same, transmit their Orders and Dispatches, according to the Tenor of the said Orders and Instructions of the said Board, to the respective Governments and Presidencies in India; and that the said Governments and Presidencies shall be bound to pay a faithful Obedience thereto, in like Manner as if such Orders and I11-struclions had been sent to them by the said Court of Directors.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Directors shall from Time to Time appoint a Secret Committee, to consist of any Number not exceeding three of the said Directors, for the particular Purposes in this Act specified; which said Directors so appointed shall, before they or any of them shall act in the Execution of the Powers and Trusts hereby reposed in them, take an Oath of the Tenor following 5 (that is to say,)

f A.B. do fivear> That I will, according to the best of my Skill and Judgement faithfully execute thefever al Trujls and Powers repojed in me as a Member of the Secret Committee appointed by the Court of Directors of the Vnited Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; I will not disclose or make known any of the secret Orders or 1hjlructions which shall be given, communicated or transmitted to me by the Commissioners for the Jiff airs of India, concerning the levying of War or the making of Peace, or Treating or negociating with any of the Native Princes or States of India, save only to the other Members of the said Secret Committeey or to the Person or Persons who shall be duly nominated and employed in transcribing or preparing the same respectively, unless I shall be authorized by the said Commissioners to disclose and make known the same.

So help me GOD.

357

Board may fend Orders to the Secret Committee of Directors, who shall transmit the same to India.

Directors to appoint a Secret Committer, who shall take the following

Oath.

Which said Oath shall and may be administered by the several and respective Members of the said Secret Committee to each other; and, being so by them taken and subscribed, the same shall be recorded by the Secretary of the said Court of Directors for the Tine being amongst the Acts of the said Court.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Secret Committee, in the Execution of their said Powers and Trusts, shall find it necessary to employ any Person in transcribing or preparing any secret Dispatches, Orders, or Instructions, required to be transmitted by them to India, under the Direction of this Adf, the said Dispatches, Orders, and Instructions, shall be transcribed and prepared, either by the Secretary of the Court of Directors for the Time being, or by the Officer called the Examiner of Indian Correspondence for the Time being, and by no other Person or Persons, unless with the Approbation and Consent of the said Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, for that Purpose first had and obtained; and that as well the said Secretary and Examiner, as every other Person who shall be intrusted with the transcribing or preparing any of such Dispatches, Orders, or Instructions, shall, before they respectively enter upon that Duty, take and subscribe, before any of the Members of the said Secret Committee, an Oath of Secrecy as near unto the Tenor and Form of the Oath herein-before provided and directed to be taken by the Members of the said Secret Committee as the Case will admit; and the Members of the said Committee, or any two of them, are hereby authorized and required to frame and administer such Oath accordingly, and to attest the taking and subscribing of the same by the said Secretary and Examiner, and all other Persons who shall be employed by them as aforesaid, and to cause the same to be recorded amongst the Acts of the said Court of Directors.

XXII. Provided also, and.be it further enacted, That when any of the Governments or Presidencies in India shall be of Opinion that any of their Dispatches to Great Britain, concerning the Government of the said Territories and Acquisitions, or the levying War, or making Peace, or Negotiations or Treaties with any of the Native Princes or States of India, shall be of a Nature to require the same to be kept secret, it shall be lawful for the said Governments or Presidencies respectively to address their Dispatches requiring such Secrecy, under Cover, sealed with their Seals, unto the said Secret Committee of Directors of the said Company, for the Inspection of such Committee, and that immediately upon the Arrival of such Dispatches so addressed, the said Secret Committee ot Directors shall deliver the same or Copies thereof to the said Board.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Resolution of the Court of Directors of the said Company, touching or concerning the Civil or Military Government or Revenues of the said Territories and Acquisitions in India, after the same shall have received the Approbation of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, shall be liable to be reicinded, suspended, revoked, or varied by any General Court of Proprietors of the said Company.

Dispatches of the Secret Committee to be prepared only by the Secretary, or Examiner of Indian Corrref-pondence, who shall rake an Oath of Secrecy,

Presidencies in India ir*y fend Dispatches to the Secret Committee, who shall deliver them to the Board,

Orders of the Directors touching the Civil or Military Co. vernment of the Revenues, after

Approbation by the Board, not revocable by the Proprietors.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the whole Civil and Military Government of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and also the Ordering, Management, and Government of all the Territorial Acqui-fitions and Revenues in the Kingdoms or Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, shall be and are hereby veiled in a Governor General and three Counsellors of and for the said Presidency, subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as are made, provided, or established in that Behalf in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts now in force, and not by this Act repealed or altered; and that the whole Civil and Military Government of the Presidency of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, and the Ordering, Management, and Government of all the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues on the said Coast, and also so much and such Parts of the Territories and Possessions on th* Coast of Oriffay with the Revenues of the same*

as

Governments of the Prefi -dene.es vested io the Governors and three Counsellors respectively.

353

Vacancies of Governor*, &c. to be filled up by the Diic£Lr3,

If th* Directers nested! to fill up Vacsncie-, his Majesty may supply them.

Directorx may appoint Pets.;ns protifioniUy to supply Vacancies.

Act nor to vacate any Appointments already made.

How Vacancies are to be supplied when no Successors are on the Spot, Scc.

Next Member of Council to Commander in Chief to succeed to the temporary Government of a Presidency, iinleft the Com-irander in Chief shall have been provisionally appointed.

C. 52. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

as have been and now are under the Admini ft ration of the Government or Presidency of Fort Saint George, shall be and are hereby vested in a Governor and three Counsellors of and for the said Presidency of Fort Saint George, subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as aforesaid; 2nd that the whole Civil and Military Government of the Presidency and island of Bombay on the Coast of Malabar, and the Ordering, ' Management, and Government of all the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues on the said Coast of Malabar^ shall be and are hereby vested in a Governor and three Counsellors of and for the said Presidency and Island of Bombay, subject as aforesaid, and the said Governors and Councils of the said Presidencies of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, being also subject to the Superintendance and Controll! of the said Governor General in Council, in Manner by this Act provided or directed in that Behalf, any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Vacancies happening in the Office of Governor General of Fort William in Bengal, or of any of the Members of the Council there, or of Governor of either of the Company's Presidencies or Settlements of Fort Saint George or Bombay, or of any of the Members of the Council of the same reflectively, or of Governor of the Forts and Garrisons at Fort William, Fort Saint George, or Bombay, or of Commander in Chief of all the Forces in India, or of any Provincial Commander in Chief of the Forces there, all and every of such Vacancies shall be filled up and supplied by the Court of Directors of the said United Company, the Vacancies of any of the said Members of Council being always supplied from amongst the Lift of Senior Merchants of the said Company, who shall have respectively redded twelve Years in India in their Service, and not otherwise, except as is herein after otherwise provided.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so often as the said Court of Directors shall neglect, for the Space of two Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day whereon the Notification of the Vacancy of any Office or Employment in India, in the Appointment of the said Court of Directors, shall have been received by the said Court, to supply such Vacancy, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to constitute and appoint, by Writing under his or their Royal Sign Manual, (under the same Restrictions and Regulations as are herein-before provided with respect to the Nominations and Appointments made by the said Court of Directors,) such Per foil to supply such Vacancy as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think proper; and that every Person so constituted and appointed shall have and be invested with the same Powers, Privileges, and Authorities as if he or they had been nominated and appointed by the said Court of Directors, and shall be subject to recall only by the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Directors to appoint any Person or Persons provisionally to succeed to any of the Offices aforesaid, for supplying any Vacancy or Vacancies therein, when the same shall happen by the Death or Resignation of the Person or Persons holding the same Office or Offices respectively, or on his or their Departure from India, or on any Event or Contingency expressed in any such provisional Appointment or Appointments to the same respectively, and such Appointments again to revoke, but that no Person so appointed to succeed provisionally to any of the said Offices shall be entitled to any Authority, Salary, or Emolument, appertaining thereto, until he shall be in the actual Possession of such Office, any Act or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to vacate or disturb any Appointments already lawfully made, whether provisionally or otherwise, to any of the said Offices, any Thing herein contained to the conti ary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Vacancy shall happen in the Office of Governor General of Fort TVifUam, or of Governor of Fort Saint George or Bombay respectively, when no provisional or other Successor shall be upon the Spot to supply such Vacancy, then and in every such Case the Counsellor of the Presidency wherein such Vacancy shall happen, next in Rank to the said Governor General, or Governor respectively, shall hold and execute the said Office of Governor General or Governor, until a Successor shall arrive, or until foine other Person on the Spot shall be duly appointed thereto; and if the Council Board shall happen during that Interval to become reduced to one only Member, beftdes the Acting Governor General or Governor, then and in such Case the Person f> acting as Governor General or Governor shall be, and is hereby impowered to call to the Council Board such one of the Senior Merchants of the said Company, at such Presidency where the Vacancy shall occur, as he shall think fit, to be a temporary Member of the said Board, and that the Person so called mall accordingly fit and aft as a Member of the said Council, and shall have the same Powers in all other Resp^fts as are given to Persons appointed to the Council Board by the said Court of Directors, until the Arrival of a Successor or other Appointment made to the Office of Governor General or Governor respectively; and that every such Acting Governor General, Governor, and occasional Counsellor, shall, during the Time of their continuing to act as such respectively, be entitled to receive the several Emoluments and Advantages appertaining to the said Offices by them respectively supplied, such ActingGo-vernor General and Governor foregoing their Salary and Allowances of Counsellor for the same Period.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at the Time of any Vacancy happening in the Office of Governor General, or of a Governor of any of the said Presidencies, no eventual Successor appointed under the Authority of this Act shall be present upon the Spot, any Commander in Chief, although he shall be then a Member of the Council of the Presidency where such Vacancy shall occur, shall not succeed to the temporary Government of such Presidency, unless such Commander in Chief shall have been provisionally appointed to supply the same, but that the Vacancy shall be supplied by the Counsellor next in Rank at the Council Board to such Commander in Chief, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

C.

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 52.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Vacancy shall happen of the Office of a Counsellor at either of the said Presidencies, when no Person provisionally or other wise appointed to succeed thereto shall be then resident on the Spot, then and on every such Occasion such Vacancy shall be supplied by and at the Nomination or Appointment of the Governor General in Council of Fort TFtUiaWy or the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George or Bombay respectively, from amongst the Senior Merchants in the said Company's Service in India \ and that the Person or Persons so nominated shall execute the said Office, and shall have the same Powers in all Respects as are given to Persons appointed to the Council Board by the said Court of Directors, until a Successor or Successors shall arrive, duly appointed by the said Court of Directors, and shall have and be entitled to the Salary and other Emoluments and Advantages appertaining to the hid Office or Offices during his or their Continuance therein respectively.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That when the Office of Governor General, and the Office of Commander in Chief of all the Forces in Lidia, shall not be vetted in the same Person, such Commander in Chief shall and may, if specially authorized for that Purpose by the said Court of Directors, and not otherwise, be a Member of the Council of Fort William \ and that when the Offices of Governor of Fort Saint George, and Commander in Chief of the Forces there, shall be vetted in different Persons, or the Offices of Governor of Bombay, and Commander in Chief of the Forces in Bombay, shall be vetted in different Persons, such respective Commanders in Chief shall and may, if specially authorized by the Court of Directors, and not otherwise, be a Adember of Council at the said respective Presidencies; and that when any Commander in Chief shall be appointed a Member of any of the said Councils, such Commander shall have Rank and Precedence at the Council Board next to the Governor General, or Governor of the same Presidency; but no Commander in Chief shall be entitled to any Salary or Emolument in respect of his being a Member of any of the said Councils, unless the same shall be specially granted by the Court of Directoi s of the said Company.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when the Commander in Chief of all the Forces in India (not being like wife Governor General) shall happen to be refluent at either of the Presidencies of Fort Saint George or Bombay, the said Commander in Chief shall, from the Time of his Arrival, and during his Continuance at such Presidency, be a Member of the Council of such Presidency, and during that Period the Provincial Commander in Chief of the Forces of the same Presidency, if he shall be a Member of the Council thereof, shall and may continue to fit and deliberate, but shall not have any Voice at the Council Board.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the ATembers of the Council of either of the said Presidencies shall by any Infirmity or otherwise be rendered incapable of acting, or of attending to act as such, or if any of such Members shall be absent from the Presidency, and the Governor General, or either of the said Governors, shall be desirous of having the Advice of a full Council upon any urgent Business, the Governor General, or such Governors respectively, shall by virtue of this Act have full Power and Authority to call any provisional Successor appointed, then on the Spot, or, there being none such on the Spot, then any (enior Merchant on the Spot, to assist at the Council Board for that Turn; but that such provU. fional Successor, or other Person, shall not be entitled to any Salary or other Emolument in respect thereof, nor shall his acting as an occasional Member of Council, in Manner aforesaid, deprive him of any Office or Employment he before enjoyed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Ring's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by any Writing or Instrument under his or their Sign AIanual, countersigned by the President of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, to remove or recall any Person or Persons holding any Office, Employment, or Commission, Civil or Military, under the said United Company in India for the Time being, and to vacate and make void all or every, or any Appointment or Appointments, Commission or Commissions, of any Person or Persons to any such Offices or Employments; and that all and every the Powers and Authorities of the respective Persons so removed, recalled, or whole Appointment or 'Commission shall be vacated, shall cease or determine at or from such respective Time or Times, as in the said Writing or Writings shall be expressed and specified in that Behalf: Provided always, That a Duplicate or Copy of every such Writing or Instrument, under his Majesty's Sign Manual, attested by the said President for the Time being, shall, within eight^)ays after the same shall be signed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, be transmitted or delivered to ffc Chairman or Deputy Chairman for the Time being of the said Company, to the Intent that the Court of Directors of the said Company may be apprized thereof.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to preclude or take away the Power of the Court of Directors of the said Company from removing or recalling any of the Officers or Servants of the said Company, but that the said Court shall and may at all Times have full Liberty to remove, recall, or difoiils any of such Officers or Servants, at their Will and Pleasure, in the like Manner as if this Act had not been made, any Governor General, Governor, or Commander in Chiefi appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, through the Default of Appointment by the said Court of Directors, always excepted; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Departure from India of any Governor General, Governor, Member of Council, or Commander in Chief! with Intent to return to Europe, shall be deemed in Law a Resignation and Avoidance of his Office or Employment; and that the Arrival in any Part of Europe of any such Governor General, Governor, Member of Council, or Commander in Chief, shall be asufficient Indication of such Intent; and that no Act or Declaration of any Governor General, or Governor^ or Member of Council, during his Continuance in the Presidency whereof he was so Governor

359

Vacancy of Counlclicri when 00 Successors are^on the Spot, to be suppl.cd by the Governor in Council from the Senior M«r-chants.

The Commander in Chief, when nor the Governor at the Presidency, may, by the Authority of the Directors, be the second Member of the Council.

The Commander in Chief in India, not bong Governor General, while resident attort Saint George or Bombay, shall be a Member of Council.

If any Member shall be incapable of attending, the Governor of the Presidency may call to the Coon-il a prnvi* fional Successor, &c«

His Majesty, by Sign M-nual, countersigned by the President of the Board, ra*y remove any Officer or Servant of the Company in India,

Act not to preclude the Direct tors from recalling their Officers or $er* vania.

Departure from India of any Governor General, &c. with Intent to return to Europe, to be deemed a Resignation 0/ Employment, dec.

36°

V/hile at the Presidency no P ffignarion of a Governor General, &c. to be valid, except delivered in Writing to the Secretary. Regulation respeding Salaries,

Council?, in the first Place, to consider Matters proposed by the Governor, who may postpone any Matters proposed by Counsellor-:.

Proceedings to b*: expressed to be made by the Governor and Council, and signed by the Secretary,

Governor General in Council at Fort William impowered to superintend the other Presidencies.

The other Presidencies to obey the Orders of the Governor General in Council i-t Fort William, if not repvgnar.t to Jnlhutriom Jrom England,

Governor General to find Dates, &c. of Dif-pa:ches from England, on Puints contained in loflruttions to Presidencies, fee. who shall transmit to him Copies of any Orders they deem repugnant thereto.

War not to be declared, fee. by the Governor General in Council at Fort William, with-rut the Command of the Irircdors, &c. except I separations for Humilities Hull be mavfc, dec.

C. 52. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

General, Governor, or Counsellor, except by some Deed or Instrument in Writing, under Hand and Seal, delivered to the Secretary for the Publick Department of the same Presidency, in order to its being recorded, shall be deemed or held as a Resignation or Surrender of his said Office; and that the Salary and other Allowances of any such Governor General, or other Officers respectively, shall cease from the Day of such his Departure, Resignation, or Surrender; and that if any such Governor General, or any other Officer whatever in the Service of the said Company, shall quit or leave the Presidency or Settlement to which he shall belong, other than in the known actual Service of the said Company, the Salary and Allowances appertaining to his Office shall not be paid or payable during his Absence to any Agent or other Person for his Ule, and in the Event of his not returning back to his Station at such Presidency or Settlement, or of his coming to Europe, his Salary and Allowances shall be deemed to have ceased from the Day of his quitting such Presidency or Settlement, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Governor General and Counsellors of Fort William, and the several Governors and Counsellors of Fort Saint George and Bombay, shall at their respective Council Boards proceed in the first Place to the Consideration of such Matters or Questions as shall be proposed by the Governor General, or by the Governors of the said Presidencies respectively; and as often as any Matter or Question shall be propounded by any of the said Counsellors, it shall be competent to the said Governor General or Governor respectively, to postpone or adjourn the Discussion thereof to a future Day; provided that no such Adjournment shall exceed forty-eight Hours, nor shall the Matter or Question so proposed be adjourned more than twice without the Consent of the Counsellor who proposed the lame.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and other Proceedings of the Governor General and Council of Fort William shall be expressed to be made by the Governor General in Council; and that all Orders and other Proceedings of the Governors and Council of Fort Sami George and Bombay respectively shall be expressed to be made by the Governor in Council and not otherwise; and that the several Orders and Proceedings of all the said Presidencies shall previous to their being published or put in Execution, be signed by the Chief Secretary to the Council of the Presidency, by the Authority of the Governor General in Council, or Governor in Council, as the Case may be.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Governor General in Council at Fort William shall have and be invested, by virtue of this Act, with full Power and Authority to superintend, controul, and direct the several Governments and Presidencies of Fort Saint George, and Bombay, and all other Governments erected or to be erected by the said United Company, within the Limit$ of their said exclusive Trade, in all such Points as shall relate to any Negociations or Transactions with the Country Powers or States, or levying War or making Peace, or the Collection or Application of the Revenues of the said Acquisitions and Territories in India, or to the Forces employed at any of such Presidencies or Governments, or to the Civil or Military Government of the said Presidencies, Acquisitions, or Territories, or any of them.

XLI. And, in order to prevent the Embarrassment and Difficulty which may otherwise ari(e from any Doubt whether the Orders or Instructions of the Governor General in Council of Fort William relate to other Points than those aforesaid, be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any Doubt which may be entertained by the said Presidencies or Governments to whom such Orders or Instructions shall be given respeCVing the Power of the Governor General in Council to give such Orders, yet the said Presidencies or Governments shall be bound to obey'such Orders and Directions of the said Governor General in Council, in all Cases whatever, except only where they shall have received positive Orders and Instructions from the said Court of Directors, or from the Secret Committee of Directors, by the Authority of the said Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, repugnant to the Orders and Instructions of the said Governor General in Council, and not known to the said Governor General and Council at the Time of dispatching their Ordeis and Instructions as aforesaid; and the said Governor General in Council shall, at the Time of transmitting all such Orders and Instructions, transmit therewith the Dates of and the Times of receiving the last DUpatches, Orders, and Instructions, which they have received from the Court of Directors, or from the said Secret Committee by the Direction of the said Board of Commissioners, on any of the Points contained therein; and the said Presidencies, Governments, and Settlements, in all Cases where they have received any Orders from the said Court of Directors, or from the said Secret Committee by the Direction of the Board of Commissioners as aforesaid', which they shall deem repugnant to the Orders of the said Governor General in Council of Fort William^ and which were not known to the said Governor General and Council at the Time of dispatching their Orders and Instructions as aforesaid, shall forthwith transmit Copies of the farme, together with an Account of all Instructions or Orders made by them in consequence thereof, to the Governor General in Council of Fort William^ who shall, after the Receipt of the same, dispatch such further Orders and Instructions to the said Presidencies, and Governments or Settlements, as the said Governor General in Council may judge necessary thereupon.

XLII. And forasmuch as to pursue Schemes of Conquest and Extension of Dominion in India are Measures repugnant to the Wish, the Honour, and Policy of this Nation Be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Governor General in Council of Fort William aforesaid, without the express Command and Authority of the said Court of Directors, or of the said Secret Committee by the Authority of the said Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, in any Case (except where Hostilities have actually been commenced, or Preparations actually made for the Commencement of Hostilities, against the British Nation in India, or against some of the Princes or States dependant thereon, or whose Territories the said United Company shall be at such Time engaged by any subsisting Treaty to defend or guarantee) either to declare War or commence Hostilities, or enter into any Treaty for making War against any of the Country Princes or States in India, or any Treaty for guaranteeing the Possessions of any Country Princes or States; and that in any such Case it shall not be lawful for the said Governor General and Council to

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 52.

declare War or to commence Hostilities, or to enter into any Treaty for making War against: any other Prince or State, than such as shall be actually committing Hostilities, or making Preparations as aforesaid, or to make such Treaty for guaranteeing the Possessions of any Prince or State, but upon the Consideration of such Prince or State actually engaging to assist the Company against: such Hostilities commenced, or Preparations made as aforesaid; and in all Cases where Hoflrilities shall be commenced, or Treaty made, the said Governor General and Council shall, by the rriofl: expeditious Means they can deviie, communicate the same unto the said Court of Directors, or to the said Secret Committee, together with a full State of the Information and Intelligence upon which they shall have commenced such Hostilities, or made such Treaties, and their Motives and Reasons for the same at large.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Governors and Counsellors of Fort Saint George and Bombay, or of any other subordinate Settlement, to make or issue any Order for commencing Hostilities, or levying War, or to negociate or conclude any Treaty of Peace, or other Treaty, with any Indian Prince or State (except in Cases of sudden Emergency or imminent Danger, when it shall appear dangerous to postpone such Hostilities or Treaty,) unless in pursuance of express Orders from the said Governor General in Council of Fori William aforesaid, or from the said Court of Directors, or from the said Secret Committee by the Authority of the said Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India; and every such Treaty shall, if possible, contain a Clause for subjecting the same to the Ratification or Rejection of the Governor General in Council of Fort William aforesaid: And the said Governors and Counsellors, and other Officers of the said Presidencies of Fort Saint George and Bombay, or other Settlements respectively, are hereby required to pay and yield Obedience to all such Orders as they shall from Time to Time respectively receive from the said Governor General in Council of Fort William aforesaid, concerning the Matters aforesaid; and that all and Angular the said Governors, Counsellors, and other Officers, who shall refuse or wilfully neglect or forbear to pay Obedience to such Orders and Instructions as they shall receive from the said 'Governor General in Council of Fort William as aforesaid, shall be liable to be removed, dismissed, or suspended from the Exercise of their respeeflive Offices or Powers by Order of the said Governor General in Council of Fort William, and be sent to England, and be subject to such further Pains and Penalties as are or shall be provided by Law in that Behalf.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Governors and Counsellors of the said Presidencies of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively for the Time being, and the Governors and Counsellors, or other Chief Officer or Officers of and belonging to any other British Settlement in India, shall and they are hereby respectively required, constantly and diligently to transmit to the said Governor General in Council at Fort Wiliam aforesaid, true and exa£l Copies of all Orders, Resolutions, and Atfts in Council of their respective Governments, Presidencies, and Councils, and also Advice and Intelligence of all Transactions and Matters which shall come to their Knowledge material to be communicated to the Governor General in Council at Fort William aforesaid, or which the said Governor General in Council shall from Time to Time require.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor General of Fort William aforesaid for the Time being to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to such Peace Officers and other Persons as he shall think fit, for securing and detaining in Custody any Person or Persons suspected of carrying on, mediately or immediately, any illicit Correspondence dangerous to the Peace or Safety of any of the British Settlements or Possessions in India, with any of the Princes, Rajahs, or Zemindars, or any other Person or Persons having Authority in India, or with the Commanders, Governors, or Presidents of any Factories established in the Eqjl Indies, by any European Power, or any Correspondence contrary to the Rules and Orders of the said Company, or of the Governor General in Council of Fort William aforesaid; and if, upon Examination taken upon Oath in Writing of any credible Witness or Witnesses before the Governor General in Council of Fort William aforesaid, there shall appear reasonable Grounds for the Charge, the said Governor General shall be and is hereby authorized and impowered to commit such Person or Persons so suspected or accused to safe Custody, and shall within a reasonable Time, not exceeding five Days, cause to be delivered to him or them a Copy of the Charge or Accusation on which he or they shall have been committed, and that the Party or Parties accused shall be permitted to deliver in his or their Defence in Writing, together with a List of such Witnesses as he or they shall desire to be examined in Support thereof, and that such Witnesses, and also the Witness or Witnesses in Support of the Charge, shall be examined and cross-examined on Oath, in the Presence of the Party accused, and their Depositions and Examinations taken down in Writing; and if, notwithstanding such Defence, there shall appear to the said Governor General in Council reasonable Grounds for the Charge or Accusation, and for continuing the Confinement, the Party or Parties accused shall remain in Custody until he or they shall be brought to Trial in India, or sent to England for that Purpose; and that all such Examinations and Proceedings, or attested Copies thereof, under the Seal of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William, or of one of the Mayor's Courts, shall be transmitted to the said Court of Directors by the first Dispatches, in order to their being produced -in Evidence on the Trial of the Parties in the Event of their being sent for Trial to Great Britain; and in cale such Person or Persons is or are intended to be sent to England, the said Governor General shall and he is hereby required to cause such Person or Persons to be sent to England by the first convenient Opportunity, unless such Person or Persons shall be disabled by Illness from undertaking the Voyage, in which Calc he or they shall be sent as soon as his or their State of Health will safely admit thereof; and that the Examinations and Proceedings so transmitted as aforesaid shall be admitted and received as Evidence in all Courts of Law, subject to any just Exceptions to the Competency of the said Witnesses.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Governors or Governors in Council of Fort Saint * George. and Botnbay faa\\ have the like Powers, under and subject to the same Regulations and Restrictions,

361

Communication of Commencement of HoQi-lities, &c. t<"> be made to the Directors-, &c.

Governmcn s of Fort Saint George or Cun-bay, not to declare Wtr, &:c. but by OrdfM from Fort William, or the Di-ie£ors, &c.

Penalty or Governors, &c. of Fort Sr. George and Bombay for Neglect of Orders from Fort William.

Presidencies of Fort St. George, &c. to send to Fort William Copies of all their Orders, &c.

Governor General of Fort William may issue Warrants for securing suspected Persons.

Proceedings to be had where reasonable Grounds for the Charge shall appear against such Persons.

Governo-f of Fort St. George and Bombay to have the l.IsJc

Governor Genera), or Governors, may order Measures proofed in Council, about which they differ from the other Members, to be adopted or suspended, &c.

362 C. 52'. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Powers with to secure and detain Periods suspected of any such illicit Correspondence as aforesaid, within their respective

re Presidencies and Settlements, and of fending them to England for Trial, as are hereby given to the said Go-

Is the Governor vern°r General or Governor General in Council of Fort William respectively.

General.

XLVII. And whereas it will tend greatly to the Strength and Security of the British Possessions in India, and give Energy, Vigour, and Dispatch to the Measures and Proceedings of the Executive Government within the respective Presidencies, if the Governor General of Fort William in Bengal, and the severalGo- vernors of Fort Saint George and 1Bombay, were veiled with a discretionary Power of acting without the Concurrence of their respective Councils, or forbearing to act according to their Opinions, in Cases of high Importance, and essentially affecting the Publick Interest and Welfare, thereby subjecting themselves personally to answer to their Country for so acting, or forbearing to adl Be it enacted, That when and so often as any Measure or Question shall be proposed or agitated in the Supreme Council at Fort William in Bengal, or in either of the Councils of Fort Saint George and Bombay, whereby the Interests of the said United Company, or the Safety or Tranquillity of the British Possessions in India, or any Part thereof, are, or may, in the Judgement of the Governor General, or of the said Governors respectively, be essentially concerned orefledled, and the said Governor General or such Governors respectively shall be of Opinion that it will be expedient either that the A4eafures so proposed or agitated ought to be adopted or carried into Execution, or that the same ought to be suspended or wholly rejected, and the several other Members of such Council then present shall differ in and diflentfrom such Opinion, the said Governor General or such Governor, and the other Members of the Council, shall, and they are hereby directed forthwith mutually to exchange with and communicate in Council to each other, in Writing under their respective Hands (to be recorded at large on their Secret Consultations) the respective Grounds and Reasons of their respective Opinions; and if, after considering the same, the said Governor General, or such Governor respectively, and the other Members of the said Council, shall severally retain their.Opinions, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor General in the Supreme Council of Fort William, or either of the said Governors in their respective Councils, to make and declare any Order (to be signed and subscribed by the said Governor General, or by the Governor making the same) for suspending or rejecting the Measure or Question so. proposed or agitated, in Part or in the Whole, or to make and declare such Order and Resolution for adopting and carrying the A'leasure 1b proposed or agitated into Execution, as the said Governor General, or such Governors in their respective Councils, shall think fit and expedient; which said last mentioned Order and Resolution so made and declared, shall be signed as well by the said Governor General, or the Governor so making and declaring the same, as by all the other Members of the Council then present, and shall by force and virtue of this Act be as effectual and valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all the said other Members had adviled the same, or concurred therein; and the said Alembers of Council, and all Officers Civil and Military, and all other Persons concerned, shall be and they are hereby commanded, authorized, and enjoined to be obedient thereto, and to be aiding and afliftingin their respective Stations in the carrying the same into Execution.

Governor Ge- XL

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Governor General, or Governor, who shall declare and nerai, &c. mak- command any such Order or Resolution to be made and recorded without the Assent or Concurrence of any 2? of ot^er Members of Council, shall alone be held responsible for the ftmc, and the Consequences

Consent of the thereof*

Council, respcnfible for the fame;

but not to make any Order which could not have hern made wi'h the Consent of thtr Council*

KoPerron to act, without t*te Concurrence of the Council, whom the Office of Governor hicnrial or Governor /lull devolve by Death, unlefa provisionally ippointed, *c.

Governor Genera), &c. not to carry into Execution any Order a^ainst the Opinion of the Council in ftlruia C

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give Power to the said Governor General of Fort William in Bengal, or to either of the said Governors of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, to make or carry into Execution any Order or Resolution which could not have been lawfully made and executed with the Concurrence of the Councils of the respective Governments or Presidencies, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

L. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give any discretionary Power of acting, or forbearing to act, without the Concurrence of the other Members of Council, unto any Person on whom the said Office of Governor General, or the said Office of Governor respectively, shall happen to devolve by the Death or Resignation of any Governor General, or Governor for the Time being respectively, or unto any Deputy Governor General* unless such Person shall have been provisionally appointed to succeed to such respective Office by the said Court of Directors* or unless and until such Person shall have been or shall be confirmed in the said Office, and that in the mean Time all Orders, Resolutions, and other Acts and Things in such Presidency, shall be determined by the Voice of the major Part in Number of the Governor General and Counsellors, or Governor and Counsellors present at the making or doing thereof, such Governor General or Governor having on any Equality of Voices a Calling Vote, and not otherwise, or in any other Aianner, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to give Power or Authority to the Governor General of Fort William in Bengal, or either of the Governors of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, to make or carry into Execution any Order or Resolution against the Opinion or Concurrence of the Counsellors of their respective Governments, in any Matter which shall come under the Consideration of the said Governor General, and Governors in Council respectively, in their Judicial Capacity $ or to make, repeal, or suspend any general Rule, Order, or Regulation for the

2- good

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 52.

3^3

General during his Sray in the Presidency,

Governor General to nominate a Vice I*re" fident of Fort William to act during his Ab* fence;

but while absent may issue Orders to the Officers and Servants of the other Prehden-CICS, &Cr

good Order and Civil Government of the said United Company's Settlements; or to impose, of his own Authority, any Tax or Duty within the said respective Governments or Presidencies.

LII. And be it further enacted, That when the Governor General of Fort William in Bengal for the, Ther Powers rL ime being shall find it expedient to visit the Presidency of Fort Saint George, or the Presidency of Bombay, either ° or any Province or Place in Indian the Powers and Authorities of the Governor or other Chief Officer or other Presiden-Officers of such Presidency, Province, or Place, shall from the Time of the Proclamation of the Arrival of cies verted in the said Governor General therein be suspended, (except with regard to judicial Proceedings,) and shall <b Governor

continue to be suspended until other Proclamation be made to the contrary by the Order of the said Gover- -

nor General, or otherwise until the said Governor General shall depart therefrom, and no longer; and that during that Interval the^Powers and Authorities of the said Governor, or other Chief Officer, shall be vested in the said Governor General, with Liberty nevertheless for such Governor to fit and ad as a Member of the Council of such Presidency, and that the said Governor General in Council, at either of the said Presidencies of Fort Saint George and Bombay, shall be inverted with the Powers and Authorities of the Governor in Council of the same Presidency or Settlement respectively, and also with the same ample Powers and Authorities as can or may be exercised by the Governor General in Council at Fort William by force and virtue of this Act.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as the said Governor General shall on any Occasion be absent from his own Government of Bengal, such one of the Members of the Council thereof as the said Governor General shall nominate for that Purpose shall be styled and ad as Vice President and Deputy Governor of Fort William, and that the Government of the said Presidency shall be exercised by such Vice President or Deputy, and the other Members or Member of the said Council, in like Manner, and no further or otherwise than as the Government of the said Presidencies of Fort Saint George and Bombay may be exercised by the Governors in Council there, subject nevertheless to the Restrictions in this Act contained.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Governor General, during his Absence from his own Government of Bengal, shall judge it necessary to issue any Orders or Directions to any of the said Governments or Presidencies in India, or to any of the Officers or Servants of the said Company acting under the Authority of any of the said Presidencies, without previously communicating such Orders or Instructions to the said respective Governments, under the Authority of which such Officers or Servants shall be acting, it shall and may be lawful for him to issue the same, and that the said respective Governments or Presidencies, and also such Officers and Servants shall, and they are hereby severally and respectively authorized and required to obey the same, and such Orders and Instructions shall be of the same Force as if the same had been made by the said Governor General in Council at Fort William, but not of any greater or other Force or Validity; and that if such Orders or Directions shall be made by the said Governor General of his own sole Authority, or without the Concurrence of the other Members of Council of either of the said Presidencies of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, in that Case the said Governor General shall be alone held responsible for the same, in the like Manner as for any Orders or Resolutions by him made in Council at Fort William, of his own sole Authority, without the Concurrence of the other Members of the same Council, according to the Directions and true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided always, That such Governor General shall and he is hereby required to transmit by the first Opportunity to the Governors and Councils of the respective Presidencies to which the Officers or Servants to whom any such Orders or Instructions shall be so sent to be executed shall belong, Copies of such Orders and Instructions respectively, with his Rea-fons or Inducements for iiluing the same, and also to transmit to the Court of Directors of the said Company,* by the first Opportunity that shall or may occur, a Copy of all Orders and Instructions by him so sent to any of the said Governments, Presidencies, Officers, or Servants respectively, together with his Reasons and Inducements for fending or issuing the same.

LV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Directors of the said Company, with the Approbation of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, to suspend all or any of the Powers hereby given to the Governor General of Fort William to ad upon his own sole Authority, at and for such Time or Times as they may judge expedient or necessary, and that the same shall be suspended accordingly, from the Time of the Arrival of their Orders for that Purpose in India \ and also for the said Court of Directors, with such Approbation as aforesaid, to revive the said Powers, when and as they shall think fit \ any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI. And for establishing a just Principle of Promotion amongst the Covenacted Servants of the said United Company in India, on their Civil Establishment, and preventing all undue Supercessions, be it further enacted, That all the Civil Servants of the said United Company in India, under the Rank or Degree of Members of Council, shall have and be entitled to Precedence in the Service of the said Company, at their respective Stations, according to their Seniority of Appointment, and no such Civil Servant or Servants shall be capable of being advanced or promoted to any higher Station, Rank, or Degree therein, than he or they shall be respectively entitled to according to the Length of his or their Service respectively, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Vacancies happening in any of the Offices, Places, or Employments in the Civil Line of the Company's Service in India (being under the Degree of Counsellor) shall be from Time to Time filled up and supplied from amongst the Civil Servants of the said Company, belonging to the Presidency wherein such Vacancies shall respectively happen, subject only to the Restrictions in this Act contained, and no otherwise; (that is to say.) that in the filling up and supplying such Vacancies, no Office, Place, or Employment, the Salary, Perquihtes, and Emoluments whereof shall exceed five hundred Pounds

Directorr, with the Approbation of the Board, may suspend the Powers of the' Governor General to act upon hit own Authority,

Civil Servant* to have Precedency according to their Appointments, &c»

Regulations for filling up Vacancies in the Civil Line.

364

No Person to bold two Office?, the Salaii's of whi. h amount to more than the prefaioed Sum.

Directors not to send out more persons than ne-cefl-ry to supply the Complement of the Establishment.

Writers and Cadets 10 be of certain Age', &c.

Biftish-born Subjects appointed to receive Rents, tec* to take an Oath.

The Oath.

Receiving Gift* to be deemed a Misdemeanor,

C. 52. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A. I>. 179.3*

Pounds per Annum, (halite conferred upon or granted to any of the said Servants who shall not have been actually resident in India as a Covenacted Servant of the said Company for the Space of three Years at the least in the Whole, antecedent to such Vacancy; and if the Salary, Perquisites, and Emoluments of any Office, Place, or Employment, shall exceed one thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum, the same shall not be granted to or conferred upon any of the said Servants who shall not have been actually resident in India in the said Service for the Space of six Years at the lead in the Whole, antecedent to such Vacancy; and if the Salary, Perquisites, and Emoluments of any Office, Place, or Employment, shall exceed three thousand Pounds per Annum, the same shall not be granted to or conferred upon any of the said Servants who shall not have been actually resident in India in the said Company's Service for the Space of nine Years at the least in the Whole; and if the Salary, Perquisites, and Emoluments of any Office, Place, or Employment, shall exceed four thousand Pounds per Annum, the same shall not be granted to or conferred upon any of the said Servants who shall not have becnactually resident in India in the Company's Service for the Space of twelve Years at the least in the Whole, antecedent to such Vacancy; and that all Appointments, Advancements, and Promotions, which shall be made for supplying any such Vacancies, other than as aforesaid, shall be null and void.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall for the future be capable of taking, in the Civil Line of the Company's Service, two or more Offices, Places, or Employments, the joint Amount of the Salaries, Perquisites, and Emoluments of which shall exceed in the Whole the Annual Salary, Perquisites, and Emoluments respectively herein-before in that Behalf prescribed, any Law'or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Court of Directors of the said Company to appoint or send out to India a greater Number of Persons, in the Capacity of Cadets or Writers, or in any other Capacity, than will be necessary, in Addition to those already in India, to supply the proper Complement of Officers and Servants contained in the Lid Lists of their Establishments, according to such Returns of Vacancies as the respective Governments in India shall transmit from thence to the said Court of Directors.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of adding, or being appointed or sent to Lniia, in the Capacity of Writer or Cadet whole Age shall be under fifteen Years, or shall exceed twenty-two Years, nor until the Person proposed, or intended to be so appointed, shall have delivered to the said Court of Directors a Certificate of his Age, under the Hand of the Minister of the Parish in which he was baptized, or Keeper of the Registry of Baptism of such Parish \ and if no such Registry can be found, an Affidavit of that Circumstance shall be made by the Party himself with his Information and Belief that his Age is not under fifteen Years, and doth not exceed twenty-two Years: Provided nevertheless, That the said Restriction shall not extend to prevent the said Court of Directors from appointing any Person to be a Cadet who shall have been for the Space of one Year at least a Commissioned Officer in his Majesty's Service, or in the Militia or Fencib'le Men, when embodied, and have been called into actual Service, or from the Company of Cadets in the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and whose Age shall not exceed twenty-five Years.

LXI. And, for preventing the Abuses which have formerly prevailed in the Collection and Receipt of the Revenues of the said Territories and Acquisitions in India, be it further enacted, That every Person (being a Britif})-born Subject) who is or shall be appointed or authorised to collect, manage, controul, or receive the Rents, Duties, or Revenues, of and belonging, and due and payable to the said Company in India, shall, before he enters upon the Collection and Receipt thereof, take and subscribe the following Oath, which Oath the Chief Justice, or one of the Puisne Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Bengal, or the Mayor or other Magistrate in any of the other Presidencies or Settlements, or such other Person as shall be deputed or authorized by any Order in Council of any of the said Presidencies in that Behalf, shall and is hereby authorised and commanded to administer; and such Oath so administered shall be recorded in the Supreme Court at Calcutta, or in one of the said Provincial or Mayor's Courts3 (that is to say,)

€t J A.B. do promise and /wear, That I will, to the utmost of my Endeavours, well and faithfully execute and cc dfcharge the Duties of an Officer of Revenue, rep fed in and committed to me by the United Company of Merchants a/0 England trading to the East Indies; and that I will not demand, take, or accept, directly or indirectly, by ?nyself or by any other Person for ?ny Use, or on my Behalf, of or from any Rajah, Zemindar, 44 Talookdar, Polygar, Farmer, Renter or Ryot, or from any Person paying or liable to pay any Tribute, Rent, 44 or Tax, to or for the Use of the said United Company, any Sum of Money or other valuable Thing by way of Gift, Present, or otherwise, over and above, or besides and except the actual Tribute, Rent, or Tax authorioud to be taken by and for the JJfe of the said United Company; and that I will ju/lly and truly account for, anfiver, and pay, all the Rents, Duties, and other Revenues and Su?ns of Money which shall come to my Hands, or to the Hands of any Person or Persons in Trujl fGr or employed by me, as an Officer of the Revenues of the said Company, unto the said United Company.

iC S,o help vie G 0 DA

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the demanding or receiving any Sum of Money* or other valuable Thing, as a Gift or Present, or under Colour thereof, whether it be for the Use of the Party receiving the same, or for, or pretended to be for the Use of the said Company, or of any other Person whatsoever, by any British Subject, holding or exercising any Office or Employment under his Majesty, or the said United Company, in the East Indies, shall be deemed and taken to be Extortion and a Misdemeanor at Law, and

shall

1

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 52. 365

shall be proceeded against and punished as such, under and by virtue of this Act, and the Offender shall also forfeit to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the whole Gift or Present so received, or the full Value thereof.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Court or Jurisdiction before whom any The Courtmay such Offence shall be tried shall have full Power and Authority to direct the said Present or Gift, or any order Gifts to be Part thereof, to be restored to the Party who gave the same, or to order the Whole, or any Part thereof, or of any Fine which the Court shall set on the Offender, to be paid or given to the Prosecutor or Informer, Prosecutor. as such Court in its Discretion shall think fit.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed £®unrei, ors a* to extend, to prohibit or prevent any Person exercising the Profession of Counsellor at Law, Physician, or taak*Feet';* Surgeon, or any Chaplain, from accepting* talcing, ui receiving Fees, Gratuities, or Rewards (bond fide) their Professionj. in the Way of ms Profession only. '

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the wilful disobeying, or the wilfully omitting, forbearing, or Neglectoexe-neglecting to execute the Orders or Instructions of the Court of Directors of the said Company, by any cute the Orders Governor General, Governor, President, Counsellor, or Commander in Chief, or by any other of the beseem- Officers or Servants of the said United Company in the East Indies, (unless in Cases of Necessity, the Bur- c<Jc'a Mifde-then-of the Proof of which Necessity shall lie on the Party so disobeying, or omitting or forbearing to exe- meanorj cute such Orders and Instructions as aforesaid,) and every wilful Breach of the Trust and Duty of any Office or Employment, by any such Governor General, Governor, President, Counsellor, or Commander in Chief, or by any of the Officers or Servants of the said United Company in the East Indies, shall be deemed and taken co be a Misdemeanor at Law, and shall or may be proceeded against and punfthed as such by virtue of this Act.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the making or entering into, or being a Party to any corrupt also any cor. Bargain or Contract, for the giving up, or for obtaining, or in any other Manner touching or concerning BaJ6a*n for the Trust and Duty of any Office or Employment under the Crown, or the said United Company, in the f^"nKUaPnyrEin-East Indies, by any Britisfo Subject whomsoever there resident, shall be deemed and taken to be a Mifde- payment/ meanor at Law, and shall be proceeded against and prosecuted as such by virtue of this Act. His M

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all his Majesty's Subjects, as well Servants of the said United Subjectsame-Company as others, shall be and are hereby declared to be amenable to all Courts of Justice, both in India nablctoCourts of and Great Britain, of competent Jurisdiction to try Offences committed in India, for all Acts, Injuries, Justice *n *ndu Wrongs, Oppressions, Trespasses, Misdemeanors, Offences, and Crimes whatever, by them or any of them foC<offeoc« done or to be done or committed in any of the Lands or Territories of any Native Prince or State, or against in the Territo-their Persons or Properties, or the Persons or Properties of any of their Subjects or People, in the same lies of Native Manner as if the same had been done or committed within the Territories directly subject to and under the Princes,

British Government in India.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said United Company, or for any No Aaion to be of their Officers or Servants, or for the Court of Directors of the said. Company, to discontinue, stay, or wJ^atk>n compound, or settle or agree any Actions or Suits at Law or Equity, now depending or hereafter to be of^h/Soard.* commenced, before a final Decree or Judgement shall be obtained or given therein, unless by and with the Approbation of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, for that Purpose, in Writing, first had and obtained; and that all Compositions and Agreements made for any of the Purposes aforesaid, by the Court of Directors of the said Company, with the Approbation of the said Board, shall be valid and effectual in that Behalf, any Thing herein or in any other Act or Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That after Sentence or Judgement of any Court having competent Company not Jurisdiction, whether in Great Britain or in India, against any Governor General, Governor, President, to re, ease Scn" Counsellor, or Commander in Chief, or against any of the said United Company's Servants, Civil or Mi- flo^SerMnti litary, for any Debts or Penalty due or belonging to the said United Company, or for any Extortion or other difmifod by Misdemeanor, it shall not be lawful for the said United Company, in any Case whatever, to release or com- Sentence*, pound such Sentence or Judgement, or to restore any Servant or Servants of the said Company who shall have been removed or dismissed from his or their Office or Employment for or on Account of Misbehaviour, by the Sentence of any of the said Courts.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have held any Civil or Military Station No Person un-whatever in India, in the Service of the said United Company, being under the Rank or Degree of a Mem- ^Member of ber of Council, or Commander in Chief of the Forces, and who, having departed from India by Leave of CounciVor Co°m-the Governor General in Council, or Governor in Council, shall not return to India within the Space of mander in Chief, five Years next after such Departure, shall be entitled to any Rank or Restoration of Office, or be capable who shall not of again serving in India, either in the European or Native Corps of Tsoops, or in the Civil Line of the relur.n to ^dia Company's Service, unless in the Case of any Civil Servant of the Company, it shall be proved to the Sa- f^his tisfadiion of the Court of Directors, that such Absence was occasioned by Sickness or Infirmity, or unless to depart, shall such Person be permitted to return with his Rank to India by a Votoor Resolution passed by Way of Bal- be entitled to lot, by three Parts in four of the Proprietors assembled in General Court, specially convened for that Pur- Rjnk, &c expose, whereof eight Days previous Notice of the Time and Purpose of such Meeting shall be given in *The cept as Jcrem London Gazette, or unless, in the Case of any Military Officer, it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the provl said Court of Directors, and the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, that such Absence was occasioned by Sickness or Infirmity, or some inevitable Accident.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company of Mer- The Comply chants of England trading to the East Indies, and their Successors, shall have, use, and enjoy, and shall njo* cxtl»-

coiuinuc

,^66 C. 52. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

five Trade with* in »he Limit# mentioned in an Act of 9 Gul. Ill, and Charter of 5 Sept.

10 Gul. Ill;

as also all Pro* fits, &c. granted L7 any other Acts or Char* ter?, freed from Conditions of Redemption,&c.

continue to have, use, and enjoy the whole, foie, and exclusive Trade and Traffick, and the only Liberty, TJfe, and Privilege of trading, trafficking, and exercising the Trade or Business of Merchandize in, to, and from the East Indies, and in, to, and from all the Islands, Ports, Havens, Coasts, Cities, Towns, and Places between the Cape of Good Hope and Streights of Magellan, and Limits in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, or in a certain Charter of the fifth Day of September^ in the tenth Year of the same King mentioned, in as ample and beneficial Manner as the said Company could thereby or otherwise lawfully trade thereto, subject nevertheless to the several Limitations, Conditions, and Regulations in this Act contained, and also subject to the Proviso herein after contained for determining the lame; any former Act or Acts, Matter or Thing, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall at all Times hereafter (subject as aforesaid) have, hold, and enjoy, and be entitled unto all and singular the Profits, Benefits, Advantages, Privileges, Franchises, Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Rights, Remedies, Methods of Suits, Penalties, Forfeitures, Disabilities, Provisions, Matters, and Things whatever, which by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or by any Charter or Charters founded thereupon, or by any Clause or Clauses in the said Acts or Charters contained, are enacted, given, granted, provided, limited, established, or declared to, for, touching, or concerning the said Company, or Body Politick and Corporate, either by the Name of The General Society entitled to the Advantages given by an Act of Parliament for advancing a Sum not exceeding two Millions for the Service of the Crown of England, or the said Body Politick and Corporate called by the Name of The English Company trading to the East Indies, or the said Body Politick and Corporate called by the Name of The United Company of Merchants ^England trading to the East Indies, and not by this Act, or any other Act now in force, repealed or altered, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of the said Acts and Charters, and of this Act, freed and discharged from all Provisoes and Conditions of Redemption and Determination in any former Act or Acts contained; and the same, and every of them, are and is hereby ratified and confirmed, and shall continue to be held and enjoyed, and be practised and put in Execution, by the said Company and their Successors, for the better and more effectually settling and securing to them and their Successors, the whole, foie, and exclusive Trade to the East Indies and Parts aforesaid, and for the preventing Trade thereto, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and for securing also their Possessions, Estate, and Effects, and governing their Affairs and Buhness in all Respects, as fully and effectually as if the same Profits, Benefits, Advantages, Trade, Privileges, Franchises, Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Rights, Remedies, Methods of Suits, Penalties, Forfeitures, Disabilities, Provisions, Matters, and Things, were severally repeated and at large re-enacted in the Body of this Act; fub-jedl nevertheless to such Restrictions, Covenants, and Agreements, as are contained in the said Acts or Charters now in force, and not herein or hereby repealed, varied, or altered, and subject also to the several Enactments, Conditions, Limitations, and Provisoes in this Act contained.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That at any Time, upon three Years Notice to be given by Parliament, after the first Day of March, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eleven, upon the Expiration of the said three Years, and upon Payment made to the said Company of any Sum or Sums, which, under the Provisions of any Act of this present Session of Parliament, shall or may, upon the Expiration of the said three Years, become payable to the said Company by the Publick, according to the true Intent and Meaning of such Act, then and from thenceforth, and not before or sooner, the said Right, Title, and Interest of the said Company to the whole, foie, and exclusive Trade to the East Indies, and Parts aforesaid, shall cease and determine.

On the Expiration of three Tears Notice by Parliament, any Time after March 1, 181 if and Payment of what may be due from the Publick to the Company, their exclusive Trade to cease \

but their Corporation not to be determined,

*c.

Notice by the speaker of the House of Common# to be deemed a doe

LXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said Proviso last herein-before contained, or in any Proviso in the said Act of the ninth Year of King William the Third, or in the said Charter of the fifth Day of September, in the tenth Year of his Reign, or in any other Act or Charter contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to determine the Corporation of the said United Company, or to hinder, prevent, or preclude the said Company, or their Successors, from carrying on at all Times, after such Determination of the Right to the foie, whole, and exclusive Trade as aforesaid, a Free Trade, in, to, and from the East Indies, and Parts aforesaid, with all or any Part of their Joint Stock in Trade, Goods, Merchandizes, Estate, and Effects, in common with other the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, trading to, in, or from the said Parts or Limits.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That any Notice in Writing, signified by the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, by Order of the said House, shall be deemed and adjudged a due and proper Notice by Parliament, to and for all the Ends, Intents, and Purposes, for which any Notice is by this Act directed to be given to the said Company,

Notice by Parliament.

In case of Ceffiun from the Chinese Govern, mcnr, or Territory separate from the Continent, any of His Majesty's Sub* }e£b may export British or IriOiMaiMJ-

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Ccflion of Territory shall be obtained from the Chinese Government, and a new Settlement shall be made by the said Company upon such Territory distinct and separate from the Continent of China, and wholly free from any Jurisdiction or Authority of the Chinese Government, in that Case, and so long as the same shall so remain to the said Company, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects, under such Regulations and Restrictions as shall be approved by the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India to export British and Irish Manufactures in the Ships of the said Company, at a moderate Rate of Freight, the same being consigned to the said Company's Supra Cargoes, or such other Persons as the said Company, with the Approbation of the said Board of Commissioners, shall liccnle torefide at such Settlement for that Purpose only; and provided that all and every

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 52. 367

every of such Persons so licensed shall be prohibited from having any Connexion or Intercourse with the Continent of China, and from carrying on any other Trade or Concern whatever, lave and except the Sale of British and Irish Manufactures before mentioned, and from all Interference with the Affairs of the said Company; and that all such Persons shall enter into the like Covenants with the said Company as other free Merchants by them licensed, or such other Covenants as shall be reasonably required by the said Court of Directors in that Behalf, and also into a special Engagement, if the same shall be required, for paying the net Proceeds of the Sales of such Manufactures into the Treasury of the said Company at such new Settlement, for Bills of Exchange payable by the said Company in Great Britain, to be drawn at the actual Rate of Exchange at the Time; and that no Person whatever shall be permitted to reside in any Place or Places so ceded, or to trade or communicate with any Port or Place in Chinay who is not a Servant of the said Company, or who is not licensed by them to act as aforesaid.

LXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of the said whole, foie, and exclusive Trade, subject as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel which shall be employed in carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery, under and by virtue of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery, and a certain other Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty, for amending the said Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, to fail or pass into the Pacifick Ocean by Cape Hern, to the Northward of the Equator, provided that such Ships shall not proceed further West than one hundred and eighty Degrees of Longitude from London, and provided that the said Ships shall not proceed without such Licence, and shall be under and subjectI to all such Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Provisions, as are mentioned in the said respective Acts.

LXXVIII. And, for the further Encouragement of Trade to the North-west Coast of America and the Islands adjacent, under the Limitations contained in the Convention made by his Majesty with the King of Spain, of the twenty-eighth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, it may he expedient that Ships fitted out for those Parts should in certain Cases be permitted by Licence from the Lid Company to proceed from the said Coast and Islands direct to the Isles of 'Japan and the Coasts of Korea and Canton, there to dispose of their.'Cargoes obtained on the said North-west Coast of America, and to return from thence di-4redl to the sameNorth-west Coast or Islands adjacent, and there dispose of their Returns in Trade, the Owners and Commanders of such Shipsentering into such Covenants with, and giving such Security to the said Company, and submitting to be bound by such Rules and Regulations as shall appear to be belt adapted for pre- serving to the said Company the Exercise and Benefits of their Commercial Privileges, and conduce to the Preservation of good Order and Regularity of the Ships Companies, and their Observance of the Laws pre- feribed by the Native States, during the Continuance of such Ships on the said Coasts of Japan, Korea, and in the River of Canton aforesaid Be it therefore further enacted, That the Court of Directors of the said Company shall, and they are hereby required, forthwith after the passing of this Act, to frame and lay before the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, such Rules and Regulations as they shall think best adapted for the Purposes aforesaid, and also the Forms of such Deeds of Covenant or other Securities as the said Court of Directors shall judge to be proper or necessary to be entered into or given for the due Observance thereof by the Owners and Commanders of Ships to be licensed as aforesaid, and that the said Board shall thereupon proceed to revile the same, and to give such Orders and Instructions to the said Directors in relation thereto as they shall think fit and expedient; and that the said Owners and Commanders conforming themselves to the Terms and Conditions which shall be so prescribed, shall have and be intitled to such Licence or Licences, and the said Court of Directors are hereby required to grant the same accordingly, unless on any Represen-tation made by the said Directors to the said Board of Commissioners, containing any specific Objections against the granting of any such Licence, the said Board shall order the same to be withheld, in which Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors to withhold or refuse the same.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Rules and Regulations to be so made for the Purposes aforesaid, or any Deeds of Covenant or other Securities to be required to be entered into or given for the Observance thereof, shall not extend to vest in any Council of Supercargoes or other Officers of the said Company a greater Power over any Ships, or the Commanders, Officers, or Companies of the same, in the Eastern Seas or on the Coasts o {japan, Korea, and Cijina, which they shall be permitted to visit according to the Tenor of such Licences, than such as can, shall or may lawfully be exercised by the said Council of Supercargoes or other Officers of the said Company, in or over the Ships employed by or in Che Service of the said Company, and the Commanders, Officers, and Men belonging thereto.

LXXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the felling or disposing of any Goods or Merchandize at any other Place or Places than shall be mentioned and specified in any such Licence, or any wilful Breach or Non-observance of any of the said Rules or Regulations, shall be held as a Mi (demeanor at Law, and shall and may be punished as such, and that the Parties offending therein shall be deemed to have traded and trafficked unlawfully within the Limits of the Company's exclusive Trade, and shall incur and suffer the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed for illicitly trading or trafficking within the said Limits, and shall over and besides pay to the said Company such pecuniary Penalties as such Offenders shall have incurred or forfeited by any wilful Breach or Non-observance of the Stipulations contained in and by the said Deeds of Covenants or Securities entered into or given to the said Company by force and in virtue of this A cl.

LXXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of the said exclusive Trade in the said Company, subject as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects resident in Great Britain, or in any other Part of his Majesty's European Dominions, to export, on their 33 Geo. III. 3 B own

failures in Company's Sh pr, &c.

Refiri&ions on Persons to whom such Ma* nu figures are consigned.

Ships in the Southern Whale Fiftiery under Geo. III. Cap. 50, and 28 Geo. Hi. Cap. 20, may fail into the Pacifick Ocean by Cape Horn, under certainKe* strictions.

Convention between his Majesty and the King of Spain, dated Oil, 2 $> 1790,

Directors to lay before the Boaul for the Affairs of India, Regulations for Ships fi.led out from the North-west Coast of America, &c.

Such Regular tiens net to vest a greater Power in Supercargoes, 8cc»- than they have over Ships employed in the Ser vice of the Company.

Disposal of Goods contrary to Licence, or Breach of Regulation to be deemed a Misdeameanour, &c.

Anv of his Ufa-jessy'a Subjects may export from London to the

368 C. 52. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Port* uled by the Compary, or any of tht Civil Servants, or licensed l>er-fons in Jodi a, may coi.sign to London, in »he Company's Ship.*, any Goods, &c. except by this Act; therwife provijed.

None hot the Company, cr by their Licence,

to export or import certain Articles.

In February annually, the Di-reftnrs to lay fcelore the Hoard »n 'n voice of the Cordage, Arc, exported.

Board to examine ary Rc-preferranons made of the In-sufficiency of such Articles exported by the Company, and may admit Individuals to export them in the Company's Ships 5

and may enlarge the Tonnage for other private Trade for that Purpose.

If the Company do not by August 31, annually, purchase 1500 Tons of Cot per for Exportation, the Proprietors of Copper may export that Quantity, or the Deficiency, in the Company's Ships.

own proper Riik and Account, in the Ships of the said Company, or in Ships freighted by them from the Port of London, to any of the Ports or Places usually visited by the Ships of the said Company, on the several Coasts of Malabar and Coromandel, or in the Bay of Bengal in the East Indies, or the Island of Sumatra^ any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said Dominions, save and except as is herein after otherwise specially provided; and that in like Manner it shall and maybe lawful to and for any of his Majesty's Subjects in the Civil Service of the said Company in India, or being by Leave or Licence of the said Company, or under their Protection, as Merchants resident in India, respectively, to consign and put on board the Ships of the said Company, or in Ships freighted by them, bound to Great Britain, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, save and except also as is by this Act otherwise specially provided, in order to the same being imported, on the Ride and Account of the Owners thereof, at the Port of London, under the Regulations herein after specifiedand contained.

LXXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That during the said further Term in the said exdufivp Trade it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, save only the said Company, or such as shall obtain their special Leave and Licence in Writing for that Purpose, to export, ship, or carry out from Great Britain to the East Indies, or other Parts within the Limits of the said exclusive Trade, any Military Stores, Ammunition, Mails, Spars, Cordage, Anchors, Pitch, Tar, or Copper; nor to ship, carry, or put on board any of the said Company's Ships in the East Indies, or other Parts of the said Limits, bound to London, or otherwise to bring or import into Great Britain any India Callicoes, Dimities, Mullins, or other Piece Goods, made or manufactured with Silk or Cotton, or with Silk and Cotton mixed, or with other mixed Materials; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXIII. ‘ And whereas the sole and exclusive Right in the Export Trade from Great Britain to the East Indies, and other Parts within the Limits of the said Company's Charter, in the aforesaid Articles of Masts, Spars, Cordage, Anchors, Pitch, and Tar, is by this Act referred to and continued in the said Company, with Intent that the said Company may not only furnish a sufficient Quantity of those Articles for Consumption at their Forts, Garrisons, Ports, and Dock Yards there, but also to send to India the said several Articles, and keep the Markets supplied therewith, as far as may appear to be confident with publick Secu» 4 rity, at moderate Prices: And whereas it is tit and proper that the British and Irish Manufacturers of the said several Articles should have every further reasonable Satisfaction given to them, that the said exclusive Privilege shall not operate to their Injury or Prejudice through the Failure or Default of the said Company in carr^ ing on their Export Trade in the said Articles to as large an Extent as Prudence and Policy will adr mit:' Be it therefore further enacted, That the Court of Directors of the said Company shall, in the Month of February in every Year, lay before the said Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, an exadfc Invoice of the Quantities and Sorts of Cordage, Pitch and Far, and the Number and Sizes of Masts and Spars, and the Number and Weight of Anchors severally, exported by the said Company in the preceding Year and shall also, when required so to do by the said Board, lay before the said Board a similar Invoice of Account of the Quantities, Numbers, Sizes, and Weights, as far as the Case will admit, of all the Articles before enumerated, which shall be intended to be exported by the said Company in the ensuing Season; and that upon any Representation made to the said Board by any Briti/J) or Irish Manufacturers of any Failure or Default in the said Company, of their exporting any of the said Articles to a sufficient or reasonable Extent in Quantity and Value, as well for the proper Consumption of the Forces of the said Company in India, and at their Ports, Garrisons, and Settlements there, as for meeting the Demands of the India Markets for the said Articles respectively, the said Board may and shall examine into the Grounds of such Representations, and the AIT legations contained therein; and may and shall, according to the Circumstances of the Case, at their Difcrc-tion, make such Orders and Regulations for admitting Individuals to export to India, in the Ships of the said Company, or employed in their Service, at the like Rate of Freight as shall be then payable for other Goods exported thither in private Trade, all or any Sorts of the Articles herein-before enumerated, as the said Board shall from Time to Time judge fitting and proper, under and subject to such Restrictions and Limitations as shall be expressed in their said Orders and Regulations concerning the same; and further if the said Board shall fee it requisite, it shall be lawful for the said Board to enlarge the Quantity of Tonnage by this Act directed to be provided for other private Trade, to an Extent not exceeding the Quantity which shall appear to the said Board to be necessary for the Carriage of the said Articles, lo permitted to be exported by Individuals, and which said additional Tonnage shall be specifically set apart and reserved for that Purpose only; and that the said Company shall, and they are hereby required to provide such additional Quantity of Shipping or Tonnage accordingly, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the said Company shall not, on or before the thirty-first Day of August next after the passing of this Abf, and also on or before the thirty-first Day of August in every subsequent Y*ear during the Continuance of their said exclusive Trade, contract for and purchase, on their own Account, fifteen hundred Tons of British Copper, for the Purpose of Exportation to (bme Port or Place, within the Limits of their laid exclusive Trade, it shall or may be lawful to and for the Proprietors of Holders of British Copper residing in Great Britain, in every such Year respectively, to export that Quantity, in Ships to be provided by the said Company, to any Ports or Places they think proper in the East Indies, at the same Rates of Freight, and subject to the same Regulations as to the Amount of such Freight per Ton, as are herein expressed with respect to the Freight of other Species of British Manufactures and Produce on private Account; and that if the said Company shall not purchase or contract for so much as fifteen hundred Tons of British Copper in any one Year as aforesaid, it shall or may be lawful for the Proprietors or Holders of British Copper to export in Ships so be provided by the said Company, such Quantity or Quantities as,

13 together

1

1,

2

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 52

together with the Quantities purchased by the said Company, shall amount to full fifteen hundred Tons, to be exported annually as aforesaid to the Ports or Places, and under and subject to the same Regulations as to the Amount of Freight per Ton in Ships to be provided by the said Company as is herein expressed on the Exportation of any other British Produce on private Account; and that the said Proprietors or Holders of British Copper exporting the same in Manner aforesaid, shall be at Liberty to obtain their Returns in the like Commodities of India, in the same Manner and in the same Proportions as herein provided for the other Proprietors of British Manufactures or Produce exported to India on their own Account by virtue of this Actfc: Provided also, That in case the said Company shall not on or before the thirty-first Day of Au^ufl in any one Year, have bought or contracted for the full Quantity of fifteen hundred Tons of British Copper for the Purposes aforesaid, that then all Persons intending to export either the Whole or Part of the said fifteen hundred Tons remaining unfold to the said Company, shall signify the same by a Notice in Writing to the Chief Secretary of the said Company, between the thirty-first Day of August and the fourteenth Day of October in every such Year, provided that the said Tonnage for the Copper to be so sent out to India in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall not be considered as Part of the Tonnage allowed by this Act for the private Trade.

LXXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if a sufficient Quantity of such Callicoes, Dimities, Mullins, or other Piece Goods of the Description aforesaid, shall not be imported by the said Company, and the Persons by them licensed to import the same, for keeping the Market supplied therewith, at reasonable Prices, to answer the Consumption in Great Britain, as far as any of the said Sorts of Goods may lawfully be worn or used therein, and likewise for Exportation, it shall and may be lawful for the Board of Commissioners for the Alfairsof India to make such Regulations for admitting Individuals to import in the said Company's Ships, or Ships employed by them, into Great Britain, all or any of the Sorts of Goods herein-before specified, under such Conditions, Restrictions, and Limitations, as the said Board shall from Time to Time direct, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to permit any Person to export or import in private Trade any Goods or Merchandize contrary to the Provi-Itons of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, and not by this ACI exprefily repealed, nor to vary, alter, or affect any Act or Acts now in force for prohibiting the Consumption, Wearing, or Use of any foreign Manufacture within this Kingdom; but that all and singular the said ACT, and the Provisions and Regulations therein contained respectively, shall remain and continue of the same Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXVII. And inasmuch as theenfuring to private Merchants and Manufacturers the certain and am- pie Means of exporting their Merchandize to the East Indies, and importing the Returns for the same, and the other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes allowed by this Act, at reasonable Rates of Freight, may essentially conduce to the Advancement of the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms;' be it further enacted, That the said Company shall, in the proper Season of every Year, provide and appropriate three thousand Tons of Shipping at the least for the specifick Purposes of carrying to the East Indies such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as may be lawfully exported thither by Individuals, and for bringing back from thence as well the Returns of the same as likewise the Goods of other Persons entitled to irrpjrt the same into this Kingdom by virtue of this Act; and if the said Quantity of Tonnage shall be found in ufiicient, or shall be found to be more than shall be sufficient for the Carnage of the said private Trade, Export or Import, the said Company shall from Time to Time find and provide such an additional Quantity of Tonnage, or lessen the Quantity of Tonnage to be provided for the Carriage of the said private Trade, as the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India shall, upon any Repiclentation made to them from Time to Time, order and direCL

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Court of Directors of the said Company shall be of Opinion that the additional Quantity of Tonnage for the Carriage of the private Trade which shall at any Time hereafter be ordered and directed by the said Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, is greater than ought to have been directed or ordered, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Directors to apply by Petition to his Majesty in Council touching the same, and his Majesty in Council shall finally determine thereupon.

LXXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall be entitled to chargfc and recover, from the Owners of Goods imported or exported in private Trade, such Rates of Freight for the Carriage thereof as are herein after specified, and not any higher Rate or Rates, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; (that is to say,) for the Carriage of any Goods from Great Britain to any Port or Place in the East Indies in Time of Peace, after the Rate of five Pounds per Ton, and for the Carriage of any Goods from any Part of the East Indies to Great Britain, after the Rate of fifteen Pounds per Ton, computing such Tonnage in the same Manner as the Tonnage of Goods shipped by the said Company on their own Account; and that in Times of War, or Preparations for War, between Great Britain and any other European Power or State, or when any Circumstances incidental to War, or Preparations for War, shall happen, whereby an Increase in the Rates of Freight payable by the said Company shall become unavoidable, then or as long as such War, or Preparations, or other Circumstances shall continue, the said Company shall be entitled to charge and recover, for the Carriage of the said private Trade, additional Rates of Freight, after a due Proportion to the additional Rates of Tonnage which shall be paid by the said Company for the Hire of Ships for their own Trade, and at or after no higher Rate or Proportion*

XC. And be it further enacted, That when any Circumstance shall arise which, according to the true JjUent and Meaning of this Act, shall entitle the said Company to make any Advance in the said Rates of

369

Perfi ns intending to expect Copper, to give Notice to the Company *1 S«-

cotary.

Tonnage for .'uch Copper not to be deemed Part of the private Trade Allowance.

If the Company do not imporr a sufficient Quantity of Calicoes, 8cc. the Board may a^mi> Individuals to import th*m in the Company's Ships.

Act not to per-n ir ar.y Pci Inn to export or import any G ods cn rary to Law, no to eftest the; Pic hibi ion of the Use ol any Foreign Manufacture.

Company to provide Tonnage for such Article# as may be exported or imported by Individuals*

Directors may petition his Ma*' jrfty.if they think the Tonnage ordered by the Boaid for private Trade too large.

Rate of Freight for the Carnage of Goods in private Trade*

Intentirnof a«h-vane.ngihcitawt

370 C. 52. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

of Freight on private Trade to be communicat-rB to the I3>ard f > r their Approbation,

Every three Ywis, the Di-red ors to consider whether any Abatement can he made in the Rates of Freight in private Trade, and to communicate their Observations to the Beard,

Persons intending to export C'»ods from Great Britain to-give Notice to the Compiny'a Secretary, and to deposit the Freight, &c.

Freight on private Trade, the Court of Directors of the said Company shall, before they shall be entitled to increase the same, communicate in Writing to the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of Ijtdiatbtxt Intentions so to do, with their Reasons for the same, and the Extent of the Increase by them proposed, with fuc-h other Information or Observations relating thereto as shall to them appear material to be known by the said Board; and that no Increase shall be made in the said Rates but such as shall be approved by the said Board; and that any Increase so made shall be subject and liable to be reduced or discontinued, as Circumstances may admit or require, and as the said Board shall, fi»m Time to Time, in that Behalf direct.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That in the Month of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and so afterwards in the Month of August in every third Year, during the Continuance of the further Term hereby granted to the said Company in their said Trade, the Court of Directors of the said Company shall take into their Consideration how far and to what Extent the then general State and Condition of the Affairs of Shipping may call for, or will reasonably admit of any Abatement in the Rates of Freight then paid or payable on private Trade, and to certify in Writing such Fadls and Observations as may occur in respetft thereto, unto the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, together with their Opinion whether the said Rates will fairly admit of any Reduction or Abatement, and to what Extent, and whether for the Whole or for any and what Part of the Term of three Years then next following, with their Reasons for the same; and that the said Board shall take the Report of the said Directors into their Consideration, and either approve the Alterations proposed by the said Directors, or make such other Order therein as to the said Board shall appear just and expedient; and that the Order of the said Board in respect thereto shall be valid and conclusive on the said Company,

XCII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons intending to export any Goods from Great Britain to the East Indies shall signify the same by a Notice in Writing to the Chief Secretary of the said Company before the last Day of Augitfl in each Year, for the Ships of the ensuing Season, and that every such Notice shall specify the Name of the Port or Place of Destination of such Goods, and the Quantity of Tonnage required for the same, and the Period when the Goods will be ready to be laden or put on Board; and that every Person giving any such Notice shall, on or before the fifteenth Day of September next ensuing the Delivery thereof, deposit in the Treasury of the said Company the Money chargeable for the Freight upon the Quantity of Tonnage thereby required or therein specified, unless the Court of Directors of the said Company shall think fit to accept any Security for the Payment thereof; and that every such Person shall also, before the thirtieth Day of October following, deliver to the said Secretary a List of the Sorts of Goods intended to be exported, and the Quantities of each of such Sorts respectively; and that in Default thereof, or Failure in providing the Goods to be shipped within the Time specified in the Notice for that Purpose, the Deposit made, or Security taken for the said Freight, shall be forfeited to the said Company. '

XCIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Persons intending to export any Goods from tending to export any Port or Place in the East Indies to Great Britain, shall signify the same by Notice in Writing to the them from India Chief Secretary of the Presidency in India wherein the same are to be shipped, or to such Person as shall be specially authorized to receive the same by the respective Governments Abroad, within a reasonable and convenient Time, to be limited by the said respective Governments for that Purpose, in which Notice shall be specified the Sorts and Quantities of Goods intended to be shipped, the Quantity of Tonnage required, and the Period when the Goods will be ready to be put on Board; and that every Person giving such No-' tice shall make a Deposit at the Treasury of such Presidency or Settlement respectively of the whole Amount of the Freight upon the Quantity of Tonnage specified in the said Notice, or otherwise give such reasonable Security for the Payment thereof in Great Britain, and the due Performance of his Engagements in that Behalf, as the said respective Governments shall require; and if any of the Persons giving such Notice shall not provide his or their Goods to be shipped within the Time or Times therein specified, for that Purpose, their Deposits made, or Securities given for the Freight, shall be forfeited to the said Company.

XCIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any vacant Tonnage shall remain, not engaged by Individuals, either in Great Britain or the East Indies, after the Times limited for giving such Notices respectively, the said Tonnage, together with any other vacant Tonnage occasioned by the Failure or Default of any Person or Persons in the Delivery of their Goods within the Period specified in their Notices for that Purpose, shall and may be occupied by the Goods of the said Company, without any Allowance to the Persons making such Default in respect thereof; and that if the whole Quantity of Tonnage required for private Trade in any Year, either in Great Britain or the East Indies, shall exceed the whole Quantity to be provided for private Trade, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, in such Year respectively, in that Case the Whole of the Tonnage provided shall be impartially distributed amongst the Parties requiring the same, in Proportion to the Quantities specified in their respective Notices; and that on every such Occasion the said Distribution shall be made with all convenient Dispatch, and the Quantity of Tonnage appertaining to each of the Persons entitled thereto shall be notified to them respectively by the said Secretary or other proper Officer in Writing, seven clear Days at the lead antecedent to the Day appointed for making the Deposit, or giving Security for the said Freight, in the Manner before directed.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Persons redding in India, in the Civil Service of the said Company, or by their Leave or Licence, not being rettriiSted by their Covenants with the said Company, or otherwise specially prohibited by them or their Governments in India from so doing, and not being in any judicial or military Capacity, toadt as Commercial Agents, Managers, or Consignees on the Behalt of such Persons as shall think fit to employ them, as well in the Disposal of any Export Goods, not hereby prohibited from being exported by Individuals, as in providing such other Kinds of Goods as

may

cn<3 Persons In-

to give Notice to tire Secretary of the Presidency, &c.

Vacant Tonnage rnay be occupied by the Goods of the Company

If Tonnage required so private Trade (h<»ll exceed the Qo?ntity provided, the Whole be oropor-tio :a4y distributed.

Civil Servants ©t the Cofnpany, or licensed Per-fom in India, m?y aft as Con-signees, &c«

A. D-. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 52. 371

may by Law be imported by Individuals into Great Britain on their private Account, without incurring any Penalty or Forfeiture in respect thereof, any Law or Statute to tire contrary notwithstanding.

XC VI, And be it further enacted, That if upon any Rcrpresentation made to the Court of Directors of the said Company, by or on the Behalf of any private Traders, of the Want of a fuflicrent Number of Persons in the East India, duly authorized and properly qualified to act for them in the Disposal of their Cargoes,

, and the Purchase and Investments of Goods in return for the same, the said Court shall-tail to license a further Number of Persons to reside in India in the Character of Free Merchants, to the Satisfaction of the said private Traders, it shall and may be lawful for the said Traders to represent the same to the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, and that the said Court of Directors Dull thereupon license a proper and sufficient Number of Persons to reside at their Settlements in the East Indies, in the Caarader of r rce Merchants, with the Approbation of the said Board.

XCVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Officers and Servants of the said Company, and all other British Subjects, during their Residence in India, notwithstanding their being employed to act as Agents, Fadors, or Managers for private Traders, shall continue amenable and subject to the rowers and Authorities of the said Company and their Governments in India, in the like Manner as if they had not so acted, or had not been so employed, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XC V

III. And be it further enacted, That during all such Time as the said Company shall be entitled to the said exclusive Trade, subject as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for any British Subject or Subjects in the Service of the said Company, or licensed by them to go to or to live or continue in India, to reside in any other Place there than in one of the principal Settlements of the said Company, or within ten Miles of such principal Settlement, without the special Licence of the said Company, or of the Governor General, or Governors of such principal Settlement, in Writing for that Purpose first had and obtained; nor shall any such British Subject or Subjects go to or continue beyond the Limits aforesaid for any longer Space of Time, or at any other lime or Times respectively, than shall be specified in his or their Licence or Order of Leave in that Behalf, on Pain of being dismissed the Service of the said Company, and forfeiting to the said Company such Wages, Salaries, and Allowances as shall be due by the said Company to the Person or Persons so offending, and of his or their Licence or Licences to continue ot reside in India.

XCIX. And whereas, by virtue of the said Act made in the ninth Year of King William the Third, the said Company is entitled to receive a Duty of five Pounds for every hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the East Indies^ J or other Parts within the Limits of their said exclusive Trade, imported or brought into this Kingdom in private Trade, towards defraying certain Charges in the said Act mentioned and specified: And whereas the said Company have, over and besides the said Duty of five Pounds per Centum, been accustomed to charge and retain, for their own Use, after the Rate of two Pounds ter Centum on the grols Sale Amount of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes imported into this Kingdom from the East Indies in private Trade, in Recompence and Satisfaction for the Charges and Expences of unshipping and felling the same, and other- wife in the Care and Management thereof: And whereas, for the Encouragement of the said private Trade, it is deemed expedient that the said Duty of five Pounds per Centum should be repealed, and the said Charge of two Pounds per Centum discontinued; and that the said Company should be entitled to receive in lieu thereof respectively, to recompence them from the said Charges on private Trade, after the Rate of three Pounds for every hundred Pounds on the true and real Value or gross Sale Amount of all Goods imported from the East Indies in private Trade, including the Duties and Charges payable in respect thereof:' Be it further etiaded, That from and after the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, the said Duty of five Pounds per Centum granted by the said Act shall be repealed, and the said Charge of two Pounds p€r Centum discontinued, and that in lieu thereof respectively there shall be rendered and paid to the said Company, during their further Term by this Act granted in the said exclusive Trade, a Duty or Allowance after the Kate of three Pounds per Centum on the gross Sale Amount of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes imported or brought into this Kingdom from the East Indies in private Trade, including in such Value or Amount all Duties and Charges payable in respect thereof, the same to be paid by the Owners thereof, or otherwise to be retained by the said Company out of the Proceeds of such Goods, in Satisfaction and Discharge of the Expences to be incurred by the said Company in theunlhipping, Hoyage, Cartage, Warehouse Room, sorting, lotting, and felling the said Goods, or in any other Manner concerning the same, over and above the Freight becoming due for the Carriage thereof by virtue of this Act; and that no other Charge, beyond the said Allowance of three Pounds per Centum, by this Act granted, shall be made by the said Company in respect to the Expences attending the said private Trade, the Freight for the Carriage thereof only and always excepted.

C. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Repeal shall not extend to release the Payment of the said Duty of five Pounds per Centum or the said Charge of two Pounds per Centum on any Goods, Wares, or Merchadize which shall be Drought Home and imported in any of the Ships of the said Company, or in their Service from China, nor to affect any Covenants or Engagements now subsisting or hereafter to be nude, by orjbetween the said Company, or on their Behalf,'with theuViafters and Commanders of the Company's Ships, or with any other of the Officers or Servants of the said Company, in whatever Employment or Capacity they may happen to be, but that all and every such Covenants and Engagements shall be, and be held, deemed and taken to be of the same Force and Effect, to every Intent and Purpose, as if this Act had not been made, the said Repeal, or any other Matter or Thing herein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Cl- 4 And whereas, for encouraging Individuals to engage in the Import Trade of the ieverat Sorts of raw Materials herein after specified, and also for securing to Manufacturers the Means of furnishing themselves ... s 4 therewith

DIr<*£lor< t» li-CC Ai 8 fulHcr«nt N umber of Free Merchants 19 difyofc of private Trade,

A cents for private Trader* fuhfefl to ti c Author its of the Company.

No Person* to rvfide more than so Miles from a principal Settlement, without L*ae of the Governor,

A a 9 Geo. III. recited.

From March I. 1734, in l*«o of Duty granted by ‘ recited Act, and Charge of *1. per Cent, oh private Trade, an Allowance of 3l. per Cent, granted}

but not to extend to Imports from China, or to affect engagement! of the Company with their Captains, &c.

372

DI^Aors to

lorm.Rulrt for the Sale of raw fcilk, fiec. and lay the farre before the

for Revifrl, 8cc.

Onods 5mported in pri* aie Traee, to be fc.urcd in the Company*e Wareh uf-s, and publickly fold, &c»

Cords of private Merchant! to be regi^ered previous to ship-i & c.

bods exported r imp irted by pri vare Per on» to be subject to k ih« lame R ates ns thi.fr of the Company.

Company not liable to pay for iimberzlement, Ajc. of Goods.

Securities given by the Savants »f li c C« mpany to eatrnd to the Property of Individual*, &c.

Application of the Surplus

from the

C. 52. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

therewith at the said Sales, it is expedient that proper Rules and Regulations should be made for providing for speedy and frequent Sales of such Materials, and in moderate Lots; and for preventing, as far as maybe,*

any undue Preference being given in respect either of the Mode or Times of the making Sale of any of the said Commodities, as between the Company and Individuals, or as between one Individual and another;' be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Directors of the said Company, and they are hereby required forthwith, after the passing of this Act, to frame such Rules and Regulations for the future Sales of all raw Silk, Sugar, Cotton Yarn, Cotton Wool, and other Wool, Skins, Dying Woods and Drugs, and; other Articles of raw Material, imported either in private Trade or on the said Company's own Account, as in their Judgement shall appear best adapted for the several Purposes aforesaid, and to lay the same before the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, for their Revisal and Approbation; and that the Rules and Regulations which shall be so framed and approved shall be deemed and considered of the same Force as a1. Bye Law of the said Company, (object nevertheless to such future Reviiion and Alteration by the said Court of Directors, with the Approbation of the said Board, as Circumstances may from Time to Time be found to reauire in that Behalf.

Cli. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Manner of Goods imported in private Trade, as well raw Materials as others, shall be secured in the Company's Warehouses, and fold openly and publickly by Inch of Candle, or by Way of publick Auction, and in no other Manner, under the Order and Authority of the Court of Directors of the said Company, on the Account of the proper Owners thereof; and that when any of inch Goods shall l e bought in by the Owners, the whole Consignments so bought in shall and may be delivered out to them with all convenient Speed after the Sales thereof, upon Payment of the Freight, Duties, and other Charges to which the same shall be liable, without the actual Payment of the gr, ofs Prices or Sale Amount of the said Goods; and that the said private Trade, and the Sales thereof, shall be in all Respedls managed and conducted according to the Bye Laws of the said Company, made and provided for the Management of the said private /Trade, lave only and except as is otherwise directed, provided, or authorised by this Act.

CiII. Pro\ ided also, and be it further enacted, That previous to the shipping of any Goods under the Authority of this Act, by private Merchants or Manufacturers, the same shall be duly registered in Books kept by the said Company for registering private Trade Goods, in which Registry shall be described the Marks, ‘ and Numbers of each Bale or Package of Goods so shipped, and the Amount of the Tonnage of all the Goods, shipped by each Merchant or Manufacturer; and an Order or Licence in Writing shall be given, under the Hand of the proper Officer of the said Company, for the shipping of such Goods; and all Goods which shall be shipped either in London or the East Indies, without being so registered, shall be considered as Goods illicitly shipped, and the said Goods shall be subject to such Seizure and Forfeiture, and the Owners, Shippers, and Agents concerned therein, to such Forfeitures and Penalties, as any Person shall be subject to by Law, for carrying on Trade to or from the East Indies without the said Company's Licence.

CIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, exported or imported by virtue of this Act, by or on the Account of any private Merchants, Traders, or other ftrfons, shall be subject to the Payment of the like Rates, Customs, and Duties of Import and Export, both in India and Great Britain, as the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes of the same Kinds or Sorts, of and belonging to. the said Company, are or shall be subject or liable unto, and to no other Rates, Customs, or Duties whatever, the aforesaid Duty or Allowance of three Pounds per Centum, granted to the said Company for the Purposes aforesaid, always excepted, any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the said Company shall, by virtue of this Act, be wholly exempted, freed, and exonerated from the Claims of Individuals in respect to any Compensation or Satisfaction which the said Company might otherwise be liable to atilwer or pay as Carriers of Goods, for any Embezzlement, Waste, Losses, or Damages of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, during the Time of their being on board the Ships of or employed by the said Company, or in any of their Warehouses in Great Britain or India, or in their Transit to or from such Ships, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That the Deeds of Covenant, and other Engagements and Securities, made, given, or entered into by any of the Officers and Servants of the said Company, entrusted by them with the Custody, Care, or Management of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, whether at Sea or on Shore* for the due Execution of the Trust reposed in them, shall be deemed in Law to extend to and include as well such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as are the immediate Property of the said Company, as such as are the Property of Individuals; and that all or any of the Officers and Servants of the said Company, so by them intruded, and all other Persons having at any Time the Custody or Care of any such Goods,'Wares, or Merchandize, by or through whole Means, Default, Procurement, Neglect, or want of Care, any Embezzlement, Walle, LolV, or Damage, shall or may arise or be sustained, shall be liable at Law to answer for the same in Damages and Costs to the proper Owners thereof; and that if such Owners shall be desirous of being availed of the Benefit of any such Deeds of Covenant or Engagement, and shall give such Security or other Indemnity to the Court of Directors of the said Company, as the said Court shall require for securing the said Company, and keeping them indemnified from all Costs and Damages in that Behalf, it shall be lawful for the Party or Parties aggrieved by any such Embezzlement, Waste, Loss, or Damage, in his Property, to sue upon any such Deed, Engagement, or Security, in the Name of the said Company, and to take the full Benefit of any Verdict or Judgement which shall be obtained or pronounced therein, and* to issue or award Execution thereupon, any Law or Usageto the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That for and during so long Time as the said Company shall be entitled # tQ the whole* foie, and exclusive Trade and Traffic in, to, and from the Ea/i, Imliesy and other Places within the

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

C. 52. 373

the Limits of their Charter, fobjcdl to the Provision*, Regulations and Limitations in this Act contained, the clear Profits arising from the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues in huhw, after defraying the Charges and Expences of colloding the same, shall be applied and disposed of to and for the Uses and Purposes herein after expressed in the following Order of Preference, and to or for no other Use or Purpose, or in any other Manner whatever, any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force to the contrary notwithstand*

Territorial Acquifrion* ?nd Retcnues in India.

the Imereft accruing on the Debts owing, or which may be hereafter incurred by the said Company in India: Thirdly, In defraying the Civil and Commercial Establishments of the said Company at their several Settle* orients there: Fourthly, That there shall be issued to the respective Commercial Boards of the said Company, at their several Presidencies in India, in such Proportions as the Court of Directors of the said Company, with the Approbation of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India y shall from Time to Time direct, a Sum of not less than one Crore of Current Rupees in every Year, to be applied in the Provision of the Company's Investment of Goods in India, and in Remittances to Cl)ina9 for the Provision of Inveffment of Goods there: And, fifthly. That as often as any Part of the said Debts shall be redeemed or discharged in indiay or transferred from thence to Great Britain, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Directors, with the Content of the said Board of Commissioners, toincreate the annual Advancement to the said Commercial Boards, for the Provision of Inveffments in India and China9 in the same Extent to which the Imereft of the Debts in India shall be reduced by such Extinction and Transfers respectively, if the Trade of the said Company from India9 and their Remittances to China^ shall admit of or rcauire such Increase: And that after tire Appropriations aforesaid, or Sums set apart sufficient to answer and make good the same, the Surplus of the said Revenues shall be applied to the Liquidation of the Debts of the said Company in India? or to such other Uses and Purposes as the Court of Directiors, with the Approbation of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, shall from Time to Time direct; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CVIII. And whereas sundry Debts, incurred in the Defence and Protection of the British Possessions in India9 bearing Interest, are now due and owing by the said Company there, amounting to leven Crores of Current Rupees, or seven Millions of Pounds Sterling, or thereabouts: And whercasit may be convenient and beneficial to the Company's Affairs, that the greater Part of the said Debts should be transferred or re* 4 mitted to and paid in Great Britain; and it is therefore expedient that proper Encouragement should be given to the Creditors of the said Company in India, to transfer and remit the same according!y Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the several Governments and Presidencies in India from Time to Time to grant Bills of Exchange upon the Court of Directiors of the said Company, payable in Great Britain, at such equitable Rates of Exchange as shall be from Time to Time directed or authorized by the said Court of Directiors, with the Approbation of the said Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, for the Purposes of transferring and remitting the said Debts in Manner aforesaid incurred by the said Company, and now due and owing by them in India to Great Britain^ until the said Debts in India shall be re* ouced to a Sum not exceeding two Crores of Current Rupees, or two millions of Pounds Sterling, and that the said Court of Directors shall be, and are by force and virtue of this Act, fully authorized and impowered to accept and diteharge such Bills of Exchange accordingly, over and besides such other Bills of Exchange as the said Company could or might lawfully accept and pay if this Act had not been made, and not other wise, or in any other Manner, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Creditors of the said Company in India shall decline to accept of and receive such Bills of Exchange as aforesaid in Payment or Discharge of their said re* (bedlive Debts, or shall not accept the same to the Amount of five hundred thousand Pounds in any Year, it mall and may be lawful for the Governor General in Council of Fort William, in Bengal, or for the Gover-y nors in Council of the several Presidencies of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, by the Order and Authority of the said Governor General in Council, to raise a sufficient Sum or Sums whereby to make up a Remittance for such Year to the Amount by which the Total, of Bills of Exchange so accepted by the said Creditors shall fall short of the said Sum of five hundred thousand Poundr, by Loans of and from any other Persons willing to advance the same upon the Credit of Bills of Exchange to be drawn by them upon the said Court of Directors, at such equitable Rates of Exchange as shall be authorized and directed in the Manner before mentioned; and that the Money so raised in India shall forthwith, upon Payment thereof into the proper Treasury there, be issued and applied towards the Liquidation and Diteharge of the said Debts of the said Company in India9 and to or for no caber Use or Purpose whatever.

CX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize any of the Governments in India9 to grant Bills of Exchange for the Purpc fe of transferring or remitting the said Debts from India to Great Britain, to become due and payable within any one Year, to be computed from the first Day of January in the same Year, exceeding in Amount the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, unless by the (pedal Order and Authority of the Court of Directors of the said Company, for that Purpose firit had and obtained, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of the exclusive Trade to the said Company the -net Proceeds of their Sales of Goods a£ Home, with the Duties and Allowances arising by private Trade*' and all other Profits of the said Company in Great Britain, after providing for the ray meat of $ills of Exchange already accepted by the said Company, as the iaitie shall become due, and for the current

Payments

Government? In India m*y grjnt Bi 1* iipen the Director* for

transferring Debt* in India to Great Briuin,

If such Bill* are not accrpted by the Creditor* to the Amount of 500,000! an-nujlty, the De* ficiency to be made up by

Bi,) not 10 granted lor r than 5co, co annu.ih, tu b Order *1 1 Direfi ota.

App'imioo of

the R/vhn of he Con pany -in Great Bri.tMh

374

H Funds prove infuffkifftt to pay 500,000l. into the Exchequer in any Year, the Deficiency to be made good in a subsequent Year and

t II the Debts in India, be reduced to a,oooo, cooK the ultimate Surplus of Proceeds to be applied as herein mentioned.

Application of the net Proceeds after Debts are reduced to certain Amounts.

26 Geo. III. Cap. 31, xa^ cited*

If the Dcb:s alter Reduction, shall be again increased beyond Certain Sums, the like Appr< pri-ations lor their Reduction again 10 take place.

B ink to keep an Account with the Com-arifliorefs under she Uil recited AO, and to in* veil Monies p 1 id io tht ir Earner, &c.

C. 52. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. ' A.D. if93-.

Payments of other Debts, Interest, and other Outgoings, Charges, and Expences of the said Company* (their Bond Debt always excepted,) shall be applied and disposed of in the following Manner; (that is-to say,) First, in Payment of a Dividend, after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annu?n, on the present or any future Amount of the Capital Stock of the said Company, the first Half Year's Payment thereof to commence and be made at MiJJ'ummer one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three: Secopdly, in Payment of five hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, the same to be set apart on the first Day of March and the first Day of September half-yearly, in equal Portions, and applied in the Discharge of Bills of Exchange drawn or to be drawn in India, for the Transfer or Remittance of the Debts of the said Company from thence icy Great Britain, for the Diminution of such Debts, until the same shall be reduced to two Crores of Current Rupees, or two Millions of Pounds Sterling: Thirdly, in Payment of a Sum not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds in every Year, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, to be applied as Parliament shall diredf, the same to be set apart for that Purpose on the first Day of July and the first Day of January in every Year* by equal Portions, and the first half-yearly Payment thereof to be made or accounted due on the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and if the said Funds shall prove insufficient in any Year to satisfy such last mentioned Payments into his Majesty's Exchequer, that then and in every such Case the same shall be made good, except as in this Act is otherwise specially provided, out of any Surplus which may remain from the said net Proceeds in any subsequent Year, after the Payment of the Annual Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds into the Receipt of his Majesty'i, Exchequer becoming due in each Year respectively; And that until the said Debts in India shall be reduced to the said Amount of two Crores of Current Rupees, or two millions of Pounds Sterling, the ultimate Surplus which shall remain of the said net Proceeds, after such Payments thereout made as aforesaid, shall and may be from Time to Time set apart and applied in Augmentation of the said Fund or Annual Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds a Year, hereby appropriated for the Reduction of the said Debts in India, in and for the Reduction thereof, by the Discharge of any further Bills of Exchange to be drawn from thence, either for the Transfer and Remittance thereof to Great Britain, or for Loans of Money to be borrowed on the Credit of any Bills of Exchange which shall be granted by the Order of the Court of Directors, to any greater Amount than is herein-before limited or directed in that Behalf; or otherwise it shall be lawful for the Lid Court of Directors to apply any Part of the said ultimate Surplus of the said net Proceeds in the Payment of any Debts of the said Company in Great Britain, (the said Bond Debt of one million five hundred thousand Pounds only excepted,) or to the Purchase of any^ Goods, Wares, or other Merchandize, to be disposed of in/W;V/or 67;/W,and to appropriate the Produce thereof in and towards the more speedy Diminution of the said Debts in India: And that when and so soon as the said Debts in India shall have been reduced to the Amount herein-before limited in respect thereof, and the Bond Debt in Great Britain to one million five hundred thousand Pounds, the Surplus of the said net Proceeds, after providing for the Current Payments of Interest, and other Outgoings, Charges, and Expences of the said Company, and of a Dividend after the said Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the said Capital Stock, and the said Annual Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds to be paid into the Exchequer, and after making good all former Deficiencies.in the said Annual Payments, otherwise than as is provided by this Act, shall be applied and disposed of in Manner following; (that is to say,) one sixth Part of the said Surplus, computed and adjusted to the first Day of March in every Year, shall be reserved and retained by the said Company, for their own Use, and applied in Augmentation of the Dividends on their said Capital Stock; and that the Residue of the said Surplus shall be set apart, and from Time to Time paid by the said Company into the Bank of England, within the first Week in April in each Year, to be there placed to the Account of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners, at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied in the Reduction of the National Debt, until the Monies so paid, together with the Sums arising by the growingln* terest thereof, shall have amounted to twelve millions of Pounds Sterling; and that, from and after such Pajw ments, together with the Moneyrfo arising by the said growing Interest, shall have amounted to the said Sum of twelve millions of Pounds Sterling, the said Surplus shall be from Time to Time paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and be there placed to the Account of the Consolidated Fund, as the Property of the Publick in full Right.

CXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Debts of the said Company in India, after the same shall have been reduced to two Crores of Current Rupees, or two millions of Pounds Sterling, shall be again increased beyond that Amount, or if their Bond Debt in Great Britain, after the same shall have been reduced to one million five hundred thousand Pounds, shall be again increased beyond that Sum, then, and so often as either of those Cases shall happen, the like Appropriations as are herein-before directed or authorized to be made for the Reduction of the said present Debts shall again take place and be made for the Reduction of the said new Debts respectively, until the Whole of the Debts of the said Company in India shall be again reduced to two Crores of Current Rupees, and their Bond Debt in Great Britain taone million five hundred thousand Pounds, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, '1 hat the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall raiseand keep an Account with the said Commissioners in their Books, to be intituled The Account of the Guarantee Fund of the United Company of Merchants ^/'England, trading to the East Indies, and that as well all such Monies as shall be so paid by the said United Company to the said Governor and Company by virtue of this Act, as also the Annual Dividends or Interest toarile therefrom, in Manner by this Act provided, shall be placed to the said Account, and shall be severally and respectively under the Order and Direction of the said Governor and Company of the Dank of England, laid cut and inverted in the Names of the said Commissioners,

in

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Ge or gii III. C. 52

jti the Purchase of Capital Stock in any of the redeemable Publick Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, the same to be transferred to the said Commissioners, on Account of the said Guarantee Fund, in the Books of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and that the Dividends payable thereon shall from Time to Time be received by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That when and after the Monies paid by the said United Company to the said Governor and Company of the Bank, together with the Monies received for Dividends on the Capital Stock of Annuities purchased therewith, and with the Proceeds thereof, shall have amounted to twelve millions of Pounds Sterling, the Dividends of the said Capital Stock of Annuities shall, in Preference to any other Disposition thereof, be subject and liable to make good to the said United Company, for and during all such Time as they shall continue to trade with a Joint Stock, any Deficiency or Deficiencies in their own Funds applicable to the Payment of the said Dividend of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Capital Stock of the said United Company, if any such Deficiency shall happen in such Payment or Payments; and that when there shall be no such Deficiency, or, being such, after the same shall be made good out of the said Dividends, such Dividends, or the Surplus thereof, shall be deemed to be the Property of the Publick, and shall be paid, when and as often as the same shall arise, by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and be there carried to the Account of the Consolidated Fund.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That the Capital Stock of Annuities wherein, or in the Purchase whereof, the said Sum of twelve millions of Pounds Sterling shall be inverted, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall be deemed and considered as a Guarantee Fund for the better securing to the said United Company their said Capital Stock, or the Value thereof, such Value being always computed for that Purpose after the Rate of two hundred Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of such Capital Stock; and that if, at the Time of the Right and Title of the said United Company to the said whole, foie, and exefufive Trade (limited as aforesaid) becoming determined, their own Funds and Assets, Real and Personal, shall be insufficient to pay and satisiy all their just Debts, and to make good to the said Company their said Capital Stock, or the Value thereof computing the same after the said Rato of two hundred Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the said Stock, that then the said Capital Stock of Annuities, or Guaiantec Fund, shall be deemed and considered, as far as the same shall or may extend for that Purpose, to be in the first Place, and before any other Application thereof, subject and liable to make good to the said Company, and their Creditors, the Deficiency so arising in their own Funds and Effects for the Purpose aforesaid; and that the said Capital Stock of Annuities, or the Surplus thereof, after making good such Deficiency, (if any such there shall be#) shall remain and continue as a Guarantee Fund for the better securing the Capital Stock of the said United Company, or the Value thereof, rating the same as aforesaid, after such Determination of their whole, foie, and exclusive Trade, for so long Time as they shall continue to trade with a Joint Stock, and subject thereto; and after making good all such Deficiencies, that the said Capital Stock of Annuities, or so much thereof as shall then remain, shall be and be deemed the Property of the Publick.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after any Money shall be paid by the said United Company, to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of this Act, an Account shall be made to the last Day of ^January in every Year, by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of all Sums which shall have been paid to them by the said United Company, or carried into their Books on Account of the said Commissioners, under or by virtue of this Act, and also of all Sums of Capital Stock of Annuities, which in pursuance hereof shall have been purchased in the Names of the said Commissioners, with the Interest accruing thereupon, and of the Application of the same respectively; which Account the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required to lay before both Houses of Parliament, on or before the fifteenth Day of February immediately following, if Parliament shall be then fitting, and if Parliament shall not then be fitting, then within fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Security or Securities given, or hereafter to be given, by the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the due Performance of their Trust, in pursuance of a Clause for that Purpose contained in the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, shall extend and be deemed in Law to extend to their due Performance of the Trust by this Act reposed in the said Cashier or Cashiers respectively.

CXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such reasonable Allowances shall be made to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Cashier or Cashiers, in respect of their Services, Labour, and Expences in the Performance of the Trusts hereby reposed in them, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall in that Behalf direct, the same to be paid or retained out of the annual Dividends or Proceeds of the Capital Stock of Annuities to be purchased under the Authority of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said United Company and their Successors shall, and they are hereby directed and required to pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and iitto the Bank of England, the several and respective Sums of Money by this Act directed to be paid by them, at or within the Times, and in the Manner and Form aforesaid, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and if the said United Company or their Successors shall make Failure in any Payment hereby appointed ro be made by them into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, or into the Bank of England, according to the Tenor and true Meaning hereof, that then and in any such Case the Money whereof such Failure in Payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered from the said United Company and their Successors, to his

33 Geo. III. Majesty's

37s

When the Capital Stock in the Name* of the C'omniifTioneia fl-.jll amount to 12,000,000). the Dividends liable to make good an7 Deficiency in «he Dividendoa the Company'*

Stock;

and the said Capital Stock to be a Guarantee Fund of the Compar.y's Stock,

Bank to lay before Parliament an Account of Money paid by the United Company on Account of the said Cora-raiflijnus.

Securities give* by Cashien to extend to this Act.

APowanee so be made the Bar.k for their Scr-vieei.

On Failure of Payment f Monies invr the Exchequer and the Bank the same may be covnei vci h Damages in any Court of Record at Westminfeet.

Certificates of Monies paid into the Exchequer and Bank to be given the Company.

376 C. 52. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Majesty's Use, by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit pr Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection. or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; in which Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, it shall be lawful to declare that the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies are indebted to his Majesty in the Monies of which they shall have made Default in Payment, according to the Form of this Act, and have not. paid the same, which Declaration shall be sufficient; and in or upon such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information there shall be further recovered for his Majesty's Use, against the said Company and their Successors, Damages, after the Rate of fifteen Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the respective Monies so unpaid contrary to this Act, together with full Costs of Suit; and the said United Company and their Successors,‘ and all their Stock and Funds, and all other their Real and Personal Property and Estate, Lands and Tenements,'whatever and wherever, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of the said Monies and Damages, with the full Costs of Suit.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That the said United Company and their Successors shall, upon Payment of the several Sums by this Act directed to be made into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and into the Bank of England respectively, be fully exonerated, acquitted, and discharged, as against his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from all Writs, Actions, Suits, Damages and Proceedings, for or on Account of the respective Sums which shall be so paid by the said Company; and in order that no Difficulty or Dispute may arise in respect thereof, a Certificate shall be made, without Fee or Reward, for the ascertaining the Amount of every distinct Sum by the said Company paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer and into the Bank of England respectively, by virtue of this Act, at the Time of the Payment thereof, specifying the Amount of the Sum or Sums so paid, and the Day of Payment of the same; which Certificate, in respect of Monies paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be signed by the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, the Clerk of the Pells, and one of the Tellers, or in their Absence by their respective Deputies attending at the said Receipt; and for Monies paid into the Bank of England, such Certificate shall be signed by one of the Chief Cashiers of the said Bank of England severally and respectively, at the Time of Payment of such Money; and the several Certificates so signed shall be delivered to the said Company, or their Chief Treasurer or Cashier, and shall be good and sufficient Evidence in Law as against his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Payment of the Sum or Sums therein expressed and specified.

CXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the making Payment of any Sum or Sums into the Receipt of the Exchequer, or into the Bank of England, respectively, at or within the Time or Times appointed by this Act for that Purpose, will be attended with material Inconvenience or Embarrassment to the Affairs of the said Company, then and in every such Case the Court of Directors of the said Com- < pany shall and are hereby required to represent the same, and the Circumstances thereof, to the High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, who shall forthwith examine into and consider of such Representation; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the said High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, if he or they shall see Cauie, to postpone or suspend the Payment of the Sum or Sums so accruing or accrued due as aforesaid, for such reasonable Time, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as to him or them shall appear reasonable and expedient, and that the Payment of the said Sum or Sums shall accordingly be postponed or suspended, and no Penalty or Damages shall be incurred or incurrable in the mean Time by Reason of the Non-payment thereof, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, That there be laid before both Houses of Parliament, within fourteen Days after die making such Order, if Parliament shall be then fitting, or other wise within the first fourteen fitting Days of the then next Session of Parliament, a Copy of the said Order, and of the Representation of the Lid Court of Directors, whereon the same shall have been granted.

CXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that, by any extraordinary Expences incurred in Time of War, or Preparations for War, or from Circumstances incidental to War, the aforesaid Nett Proceeds shall fall (hoi t (after Payment or Provision made for the said Dividend often Pounds per Centum, and the said five hundred thousand Pounds per Annum for the Reduction of tile said Debt in India) of making Payment to the Exchequer of the said five hundred thousand Pounds per Annum for the Use of the Publick, then and so often as the same shall happen, the Deficiency or Deficiencies in the said last- mentioned Payments shall not be made good out of the Surplus of any future Year or Years, to impede the Accumulation of the said Guarantee Fund, not exceeding twelve millions of Pounds payable into the Exchequer, but that the Amount of all Deficiencies so happening and occasioned shall be deemed as a Debt, to be made good to the Publick upon the Determination of the exclusive Trade of the said Company, in the Event only of their general Assets, confiding of Monies in their Treasuries, Securities for Money, Ships, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other their Live and Deadstock, producing or amounting in Value to more than sufficient for the Payment of all the just Debts of the said Company, and of making good to the said Company the-Value of their Capital Slock, rated at two hundred Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of such Stock; but that after Payment or Provision made for the said Debts and Capital Stock as aforesaid, the Surplus or Excess of the said general Assets shall be applied in the making good the Amount of the said Deficiencies as tar as the same will extend, in Preference to any other Application thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

U& the Ri Vts CXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Appropriation made by this Act of the clear

oMhcCcmpany Profits of the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues in India > shall not extend, or be construed «r the Publick to extend, to prejudice or aftest the Rights of the Publick, or of the said United Company, respecting

respecting the the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, beyond the further Term by this Act granted to the

Territorial Ac- 1 7 J said

On Representation from the Directors of Inconvenience, the Treasury may poflpone Pay-Tnent of Monies into the Exchequer or Bank.

If by War the Proceeds shall fall short of paying 500,000l. per Annum to the Publick,.the Deficiency shall not be made good so as to impede the A ecu. ynulation of the Guarantee Fund, &c.

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 52.

said United Company, under the Limitations thereof, in the sole and exclusive Trade to the East Indies, and Parts aforesaid. - ,hefar

CXXIV. And whereas, by an Account heretofore made up by the said Company, of the Profits of their >4 Trade and Revenues to the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, there rc- mained, after Payment of a Sum of four huiftlred thousand Pounds to the Publick, in pursuance of an Agreement for that Purpose, the Principal Sum of two hundred and eighty-eight thousand and twenty-five Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence, which said Sum the said Company were, by a Clause contained in the said in part recited Act of the twenty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, authorized to apply in the Payment of Dividends to the Proprietors of the Capital Stock of the said Company, in the Mode specified in the said Act: And whereas the said Company have not as yet made any Dividend of the said Principal Sum,

but have kept the same, or the greater Part thereof, employed in their Trading Capital, suffering the Interest to accumulate thereon, the said Principal and Interest forming a distinct Article in the annua] Cash Accounts of the said Company, under the Head of The Company's Separate Find, and amounting, on the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to the Sum of four hundred sixty-seven thousand eight hundred and ninety-six Pounds seven Shillings and four Pence, over and above nine ihou- sand seven hundred and fifty Pounds Capital Stock of the said Company, also Part of the said Separate Fund: And whereas, under the present Circumstances of the said Company, their true and permanent Interests will be better secured and advanced by limiting the Distribution of the said Separate Fund, in the Manner herein after specified, than by suddenly calling the Whole, or any large Proportion thereof, from their said Trading Capital Be it enacted, That the said Separate Fund, or the Monies constituting the same, shall continue in the Hands of the said Company bearing Ir.tercft, and be employed in their Trade, subject to the Payment of such Dividends as are herein after specified ;* and that the said Separate Fund, with the growing Interest thereof, shall and may be divided and difliibuted in the Manner herein after mentioned, and in no other Manner whatever, any former Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; (that is to say,)

- That after Payment shall be made by the said Company into his Majesty's Exchequer of the two first Installments of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds each, which by force and virtue of this Act will become due from the said Company to the Publick, on the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, respectively, or otherwise after setting apart a sufficient Sum for such Payments, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company, out of the said Separate Fund, and the Interest or growing Income thereof, to make and declare a Dividend or Dividends after the Rate of ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, on the present or any future Amount of their Capital Stock, which said Dividend or Dividends mall and may be paid and payable to the said Company, over and above any other Dividend or Dividends which shall become due in respect thereof; and that after the Expiration of the further Term hereby granted in the said exclusive Trade, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to retain and dispose of what shall then remain of the said Separate Fund, or of the Monies constituting the same, and the Interest or other annual Proceeds thereof, in such Manner as they shall then think fit.

CXXV. And whereas, for protecting the Funds of the said Company, during their further Term in the said exclusive Trade, from being burthened with any improper Charges, it is expedient that the said Company 4 shouldbeput under reasonable Limitations in respect to the granting of Pensions or increasing the Salaries of thoir Officers and Servants, or creating new Establishments;' be it further enacted, That no Grant or Rc-solution of the said Company, or their Court of Directors, to be made after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of their Right in the said exclusive Trade, whereby the said Funds may become chargeable with any new Salary or Increase of Salary, or any new or additional Establishment of Officers or Servants, or any new Pension or Increase of Pension, to any one Person, exceeding two hundred Pounds^/* Annum, shall be available in Law, unless such Grant or Resolution shall be approved and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, atteffed under the Hand of the President of the said Board.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Directors of the said Company shall, within the first fourteen fitting Days next after the thirtieth Day of March in every Year, lay before both Houses of Parliament an Account, made up according to the latest Advices which shall have been received, and with as much Accuracy as the Nature of the Case will admit, of the annual Produce of the Revenues of the British) Territories in India, distinguishing the same under the respective Heads thereof at each of their several Presidencies or Settlements, with the Amount of their Sales of Goods and Stores within the Limits of their exclusive Trade, and of all their annual Disbursements within the said Limits, distinguishing the same under the respective Heads thereof, together with the latest Estimate of the same; and also the Amount of their Debts abroad, with the Rates of Interest they respectively carry, and the annual Amount of such Interest; the State of the in' EffeCIs at each Presidency or Settlement, and in China, confiding of Cash and Bills in their Trea-furies. Goods and Stores, and Debts owing to the said Company, according to the latest Advices which shall have been received thereof; and also a List of their several Establishments in India, and other Parts within the Limits of their exclusive Trade, and the Salaries and Allowances payable by the said Company in respect thereof: And also another annual Account, made up to me first Day of March next preceding the Delivery thereof to Parliament, containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of the Goods and Merchandizes of the said Company in Great Britain, and of their commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof, together with an Estimate of the same for the curient Year and a Statement of their Bond Debts and simple Contract Debts, with the Rates of Interest they respectively

377

quisitioni and Revenues beyond her Term granted,

Application of tr.e Comp ny's Separate Fund.

No Grant of new Salaries,

&c. above 200J. to be good unless confirmed by the Board.

Directors to lay before Parliament yearly certain Accounts.

378

Recital of Acts relating to his Majesty's Troops in the East In lisa.

Claim of the Company on the Tublkk.

Claim of his Majesty, under recited Act$, for Expences of Troops to 24 December 1792, and Claim of the Company on the Publick, discharged.

From Dec. 24, 1792, Experers of such Troops 10 be repaid by the Company.

Ships &c* unlkented Person* trading within the Limits of the

EaH WiaCom-pany forfeited,

Ac,

C. 52. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

carry, and the Amount of such Interest, and the State of the Cash remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects appertaining to the Company in Great Britain, or afloat; and if any new or increased Salaries, Establishments, or Pensions, payable in Great Britain, shall have been granted or created within the preceding Year, the Particulars thereof shall be specially stated and inserted at the Foot of such Account.

CXXVII. And whereas, by the said recited Act of the twenty-first Year of his Majesty, it was among other Things provided that for every Regiment belonging to his Majesty, then serving in the East Indies> 4 for the Defence of the Territorial Possessions there, or any other Regiment which should be sent for that Purpose at the Requisition of the said Company, there should be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, the Sum of two Lacks of Current Rupees per Annum for every Regiment of one thousand Men, and in Propor- tion for a greater or smaller Number: And whereas, by virtue of certain other Acts of the twenty-eighth and thirty-first Years of his Majesty, all Expences incurred by his Majesty in the raising, embodying, and conveying to India certain Troops serving the re, should be repaid by the said Company: And whereas, under the Provisions of the said Acts, as likewise on the Account of Navy and Victualling Expences or otherwise, several Sums became due and owing to his Majesty; towards which the said Company have paid to the Amount of five hundred thousand Pounds, and a considerable Sum (till remains due to his Majesty on that Account: And -whereas, in consequence of an Expedition against the Manbillas, in or about the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, and in consequence of supporting a Number of Pri-4 (oners, during the War of that Period, and supplying Hospitals for his Majesty's Troops in India, and for the Customs on certain Teas returned by the Buyers in or about the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the said Company have claimed several Sums of Money to be due and owing to them by his Majesty, amounting together to four hundred and forty-three thousand six hundred and thirty-two Pounds: And whereas, for the final settling and adjusting of the said several Accounts, it hath been agreed, that the Sums remaining due from the said Company, as well on Account of the said Navy and Victualling Expences or other Charges, as also on Account of the said Troops, to be computed to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be set against the said Sum of four hundred and forty-three thousand six hundred and thirty-two Pounds, so claimed by them as aforesaid; and that his Majesty and the said Company shall be reciprocally acquitted and discharged of and from theafore- said Claims and Sums respectively Be it therefore further enacted and declared, That the said Company shall, and they are hereby acquitted, exonerated, and absolutely discharged from all Sums of Money due and owing by them for and on Account of any Navy or Victualling Expences, or of his Majesty's Troops serving in India, computed to the said twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from all Claims and Demands or the Crown or the Publick in respect thereof, or on any other Account whatever to that Period, and that all Accounts between the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces and the said Company, and between the Commissioners of the Navy or Commissioners for victualling and the said Company respectively, shall be held to have been doled on the said twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and that his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be acquitted, released, and discharged of and from the several Claims and Demands of the said Company, in respect of the said Sum of four hundred and forty-three thousand six hundred and thirty-two Pounds*

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from the said twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, all Sums issued by the said Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces, for and on Account of his Majesty's Forces serving in India, or for raising and supplying Recruits for the same, shall be repaid by the said Company; and that the actual Expences only which since the said twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, have been or which hereafter shall be incurred for the Support and Maintenance of the said Troops, shall be borne and defrayed by the said Company; any Clause or Provision contained in the said recited Act of the twenty-first Year of his Majesty, or any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXIX. And whereas various Statutes have been heretofore made for securing to the said United Company their sole and exclusive Right of trading to the East Indies, and Parts aforesaid, during the Continuance of such sole and exclusive Right, and to restrain all illicit and clandestine Trade to, in, and from the East Indies, and Parts aforesaid: And whereas the Limitations and Provisions in this Act contained, concerning the future Conduct of the said Trade, require that some Alterations should be made in the said Statutes > and it may be convenient that such Provisions as shall be deemed necessary for securing to the said Company the full Benefit of such sole and exclusive Right .(subject to the Provisions and Limitations contained in this Act,) and for restraining all clandestine and illicit Trade in, to, and from the East Indies, and Parts aforesaid, should be reduced into one Act of Parliament:' Be it further enacted, That if any of the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of or belonging to Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or Faro Isles, or to any of his Majesty's Colonies, Islands, or Plantations in America or the West Indies, other than such as by the said United Company shall be licensed, or otherwise thereunto lawfully authorized, shall at any Time or Limes, before such Determination of the said Company's whole and sole Trade as is herein before limited, directly or indirectly fail to, visit, haunt, frequent, trade, traffick or adventure to, in, or from the said East Indies, or other Parts herein-before mentioned, contrary to the Limitations and Provisions of this Act, or the true Intent and Meaning thereof, all and every such Offender or Offenders shall incur the Forfeiture and Lois of all the Ships and Vessels belonging to or employed by such Subjects respectively, with the Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereunto belonging, and also all the Goods and Merchandize laden thereupon, or which were or shall be sent, acquired, traded* trafficked, or adventured within the said East Indies or Parts aforesaid, and all the Proceeds and Effects of such Goods and Merchandize, and double the Value thereof 5 (to wit,) one fourth Part of such Forfeiture to such Person or

1

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 52.

Persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same, and the other three-fourth Parts thereof to the Use of the said United Company, they defraying the reout the Charges of Prosecution.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Subject and Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of or belonging to Great Britain^ or the Islands, Colonies, or Plantations aforesaid, or any of them, who shall at any Time or Times, before such Determination of the said United Company's whole and sole Trade as is herein-before limited, go, fail, or repair to the said East Indies, or Parts aforesaid, against any of the Provisions of this Act, shall be deemed and accounted to have unlawfully traded and trafficked there, and all the Ships, Goods, and Merchandize which shall be employed therein, or found in his or their Custody, or in the Custody of any other Person or Persons by his or their Employment, Order, or Procurement, shall and may be seized, and shall be forfeited, with double the Value thereof, one fourth of which Forfeiture shall belong to the Person or Persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same, and three-fourths thereof shall be to the Use of the said United Company, they thereout defraying the Charges of Prosecution.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Subject or Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of or belonging to Great Britain, or any of the Islands, Colonies, or Plantations aforesaid, not being lawfully licensed or authorized, shall at any Time or Times before such Determination of the said Company's whole and sole Trade, as is herein-before limited, directly or indirectly go, fail, or repair to, or be found in the East Indies, or any of the Parts aforesaid, all and every such Person and Persons are hereby declared to be guilty of a high Crime and Misdeameanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liable to such Fine or Imprisonment, or both Fine and Imprisonment, as the Court in which such Person or Persons shall be convicted shall think fit; and in case of a Fine, one Moiety thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the said United Company, if they shall prosecute the said Offence, or otherwise such Moiety shall be to the Use of such Person or Persons as shall prosecute the same.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That at any Time or Times, before such Determination of the said Company's whole and sole Trade as is herein-before limited, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company and their Successors, by and through such Person or Persons as is and are hereafter mentioned, to take, arrest, and seize, or cause to be taken, arrested, and seized, at any Place or Places within the East Indies, or Parts aforesaid, all and every Person and Persons, being a Subject or Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of or belonging to Great Britain, or to any of the Islands, Colonies, or Plantations aforesaid, who dial I go, fail, or repair to, or be or be found within the said East Indies or Parts aforesaid, against any of the Provisions of this Act, and him or them to remit and fend or bring to England\ there to answer for his, her, or their Offence according to due Course of Law; and when such Person or Persons shall arrive in England, it shall and may be lav/ful to and for anyone or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and he and they are hereby authorized and required to commit all and every such Person or Persons to the next County Gaol, there to remain until sufficient Security be given, by natural-born Subjects or Denizens, for the Appearance of such Person or Persons in the Court in which he or they shall or may be sued or prosecuted, or shall be under actual Prosecution in respect of such his or their Offence, and for his or their not going out of Court, or out of the Kingdom without the Leave of such Court.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities hereby given to the said Company, of taking, arresting, seizing, remitting, or fending to England, any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, together with the Pov/er of seizing any Ships, Vessels, Goods, Merchandize, and Effects by this Act made liable to Seizure or Forfeiture, shall and may be enforced and put in Execution in the Name of the said Company, by the Order and Authority of the Governor General of Fort William in Bengal, or the Governor of Fort Saint George, and Governor of Bo?nbay for the Time being respectively, or by any Chief Officer of the said Company, resident at any other of the British Settlements in the East Indies respectively, or by the Order and Authority of the said Company's Council of Supra Cargoes for the Time being, at the Town or Factory of Canton, within the said Town or Factory, and upon the River of Canton, or other Part of the Coasts of China, and by such other Persons as shall be from Time to Time especially deputed and authorized for that Purpose by the Court of Directors of the said United Company for the Time being.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said Company shall have such whole and sole Trade as aforesaid, if any Person or Persons who shall have been di(miffed from, or shall have voluntarily resigned the Service of the said Company, or any Free Merchant, Free Mariner, or other Person whose Covenants or Agreements with the said Company shall be expired or have ceased, or whose Licence to goto, or tralfick, trade, or reside within the said East Indies, or Parts aforesaid, dial have ceased and determined, shall be or be found in the East Indies^ or Parts and Limits aforesaid, after the Expiration of such Time as shall be allowed by the respective Governments or Presidencies in Lidia, wherein such Person or Persons shall be or be found, every such Person and Persons shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, to have unlawfully traded in the said Parts and Limits contrary to this Act, and shall be subject to all the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Provisions of this Act, against Persons unlawfully going to, or trafficking, trading, or adventuring, or found in any Place within the said Parts and Limits accordingly.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That as well all and every the Goods, Merchandize, Treasure, and Effects, which shall at any Time or Times, before such Determination of the said Company's whole and sole Trade as aforesaid, be shipped or put on Board any Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels, bound from Great Britain to the East Indies, or the Parts aforesaid, (other than and except the Goods, Merchandize, Treasure, and Effedfs of the said Company, or of other Persons lawfully shipping the same, under the Limitations and Provisions of this Act, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the same, and except the Naval Stores, Provisions, and Necessaries for such Ship or Ships to perform their Voyage,) as also all and

37 9

Persons going to the said Part* contrary to this Act, to be deemed to bare traded unlawfully.

Any unlicensed Persons going to those Parts, or sourd therein, liable to Fine and Imprison-menu

Such Perfsons may be arrested and sent ro England for Trial, and may be committed.

By whom such Persons may be arrested, ani forfeited Vessels, &c. seized.

Persons dif. mi Bed, &c. wlifc ftn'l be found within the Limits aforesaid3r after the Time allowed, to be deemed to have unlawfully traded.

All Goods, (except as herein except:dj ftiip-pe J from Great Britain Co the East indies, or taken out of «nj Ship horoewar, and the Officers to be forfeited.

3So

privy thereto, liable to Penalty*

Penalty on Persons trading to the East Indies under Authority from foreign Princes.

No Governor General, &c. to trade, except on Account of the Company,

No Judge to be concerned in any Trade.

No Person whatever to be concerned in the inland Trade in Salt, &c- except with the Company*.' Per* million.

No Person to fen^ the Produce or Manufacture of the East Indie* or China to Europe, btr according to this Act, on Penalty of double the Value;

but not so extend to the trading and felling G ods o the

Subjects of foreign States, &c.

How offence* against this Act may be prosecuted, &c.

C. 52. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D.

1

every the Goods, Merchandize, Treasure, and Effects, which shall from and after the Time aforesaid of taken out of any such Ship or Vessel in her Voyage homeward from the East Indies, or Parts aforesaid, to, England, before her Arrival there, the same and every of them shall be forfeited, together with double the Value thereof, and shall and may be seized; and the Master or Commander or other Officers of such Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels, for the Time being, knowingly permitting or suffering any such Goods, Merchandize* Treasure, or Effects, to be shipped or put on board any such Ship or Ships so bound to the East Indies, or to be taken out of any such Ship or Ships bound from the East Indies, or Parts aforesaid, to England, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of one thousand Pounds, and moreover shall not be entitled to have* demand, or receive any Wages whatsoever, nor shall the said Company be obliged, or compelled or compellable to pay any Wages to, or to the Use or upon the Account of any such Master, Commander, or Of-, ficer, for or in respect of the Voyage so made or to be made by such Master, Commander* or Officer; but if such Ship shall have been taken up by the said Company by Charter Party or Hire, then the said Company shall have an Allowance or Deduction, in respect of the said Wages, to the full Amount thereof, out of the Monies payable by them to the Owner or Owners of the Ship to which such Master or Officer shall belong, for the Hire or Freight thereof; and every such Master or Officer, who shall be convicted of such Offence, shall be rendered incapable of again acting in the Service of the said Company in any Capacity whatever.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person being a Subject of his Majesty, his Heirs or Success'ors, of or belonging to Great Britain, or any of the Blands, Colonies, or Plantations aforesaid, shall procure, solicit for, obtain, or a £t under any Commission, Authority, or Pals, from any foreign Prince, State, or Potentate whatsoever, to fail, go, or trade in or to the said East Indies, or any of the Parts aforesaid; and every such Person who shall offend therein shall incur and forfeit for every Offence five hundred Pounds, one Half Part of which Penalty shall belong to such Person or Persons as shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Half to the said United Company, and if the said United Company shall inform or sue for the same, then the Whole of the said Penalty shall belong to the said Company.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Governor General or Govern nor, or any Member of Council of the said Presidencies in India, to be concerned in any Trade or Traffick whatever, except on Account of the said Company, nor for any Collector, Supervisor, or other Person employed or concerned in the Collection of the Revenues, or the Administration of Justice, in the Provinces of Bengal, Babar, and Oriffa, or either of them, or their Agents or Servants, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them or any of them, to carry on or be concerned in or to have any Dealings or Transactions, by Way of Traffick or Trade, at any Place, within any of the Provinces in India, or other Parts, or to buy any Goods and sell the same again, or any Part thereof, at the Place where he or they bought the same, oral any other Place within the same Province, or any other such Province or Country respectively, except on Account of the said Company; nor shall it be lawful for any of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature to be concerned in any Trade or Traffick whatever; nor shall it be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects in the said Provinces to engage, intermeddle, or be in any wise concerned, directly or indirectly, in the inland Trade, in Salt, Beetle Nut, Tobacco, or Rice, except on the Account of the said Company, or with their Permission, on Pain of forfeiting all such Goods or Commodities which they, or any of them, shall so buy and sell again, by Way of Traffick, or in which any of them shall so trade, and also treble the Value thereof, one Moiety to the said United Company, and the other Moiety to him or them who will sue for the same.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That before such Determination of the said United Company's sole and whole Trade as is herein-before limited, it shall not be lawful for any Subject of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of or belonging to Great Britain, or any of the Islands, Colonies, or Plantations aforesaid, either in his own Name or in the Name of any other Person or Persons whatever, to carry on or be concerned, at his or their own Risque, or for his or their own Benefit, in the fending any Kind of Goods and Merchandizes, the Produce or Manufacture of the East Indies ox China, by the Way of Suez, or by any other Channel to Europe, otherwise than as is allowed or provided by this Act; and if any such Subject shall carry on or be concerned in any such Trade or Traffick on his own Account, contrary hereto, he shall forfeit and pay to the said United Company double the V alue of the Goods and Merchandizes which shall by him or them be so unlawfully sent to Europe,

CXXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said last mentioned RestriiStion shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to preclude any of the Servants of the said United Company, (other than such of them as shall or may be specially prohibited by any Law or Statute, or by any Order of the said Company, or their Governments abroad, and other than and in respect of the inland 1'rade in Salt, Beetle Nut, Tobacco, and Rice,) or any Free Merchants licensed by the said Company to rdide in India, or other Parts within their said Limits, from buying any Goods in India, and felling the same again in India to the Subjects of any foreign Nation or State, or from acting as Agents or Factors in the importing or exporting, buying or lellin^Goods in India, for or on the Account bona fide of any foreign Company or any foreign Merchant, any'1 bing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, Seizures, causes of Seizure, Crimes, Misdemeanors, and other Offences, which shall arise, or be incurred or made under or shall be committed against this Act, shall be sued for, prosecuted, examined, recovered, and adjudged in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal\ or in one

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 52, 381

of the Mayor's Courts at Madras or Bombay respectively, in Manner following; (that is to say,) all such pecuniary Penalties, and all Forfeitures of Ships, Vessels, Merchandize, and Goods, shall and may be sued for, condemned, and recovered byAction, Bill, Suitor Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed; and all such Seizures, whether of any Person, or of any Ships, Vessels, Merchandizes, and Goods, and all causes of such Seizure, shall be cognizable in such Actions, Suits, or Prosecutions, as shall bring into question, or relate to the Lawfulness or Regularity of any such Seizure; and all such Offences as by this Act are not made punishable by pecuniary Penalties, or by any Forfeitures of Goods, but by Fine or I mpri son men t. or both, or are hereby created, without providing any particular Punishment, shall be prosecuted by Indictment or Information as Mifde-meanors, for Breach thereof, and shall be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, at the Discretion of the Court in which such Prosecution shall by virtue of this Act be begun and carried on; and if such Prosecution for a Misdemeanor shall be in any of the said Courts in the East Indies, and the Person or Persons prosecuted shall be there convicted, it shall be lawful for such Court to order, as Part or for the Whole of the Punishment, any such Person or Persons to be sent and confeyed to Great Britain.

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action, Bill, Suit, Information, or Indictment, How Afllona shall be brought or prosecuted in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for any Offence AaU belaid* against this Act, whether for a Penalty, Forfeiture*, or Misdemeanor, the Offence shall be laid or alleged to have been committed in the City of London or County of Middlesex, at the Option of the Informer or Pro-fee u for; and all Actions, Bills, Suits, Informations, and Indictments for any Offence or Offences against this Act, whether filed, brought, commenced, or prosecuted for a Penalty or Forfeiture, or for a Misdemeanor, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the said Supreme Court, or any such Mayor's Court as aforesaid, shall be brought and prosecuted within six Years next after the Offence shall be Limitation of committed, and a Capias shall issue in the tifft Process, and in the Case of an Offence hereby made punishable by any Penalty or Forfeiture, such Capias (halt specify the Sum of the Penalty or Forfeiture died for, and the Person or Persons sued or prosecuted for such Penalty shall, on such Capias, give to the Person or Persons to whom such Capias shall be directed, sufficient Bail or Security, by natural-born Subjects or Denizens, for appearing in the Court out of which such Capias shall issue, at the Day or Return of such Writ, to answer such Suit or Prosecution, and shall likewise, at the Time of such Appearance, give sufficient Bail or Security, by such Persons as aforesaid, in the same Court, to answer and pay all the Forfeitures and Penalties sued for, if he, she, or they shall be convicted of such Offence or Offences, or to yield his, her, or their Body or Bodies to Prison; but if the Prosecution shall be for any Offence or Offences against this Act, punishable only as a Misdemeanor, then the Person or Persons against whom such Capias shall issue, being thereupon arrested, shall be imprisoned and bailable according to Law, as in other Cases of Misdemeanor.

CXLII. And, for more effectually preventing all such illegal or clandestine trading or trafficking as is hereby made punishable by the Forfeiture of Goods or Merchandizes; and in respect of the Difficulty there may be of ascertaining what Goods and {Merchandizes have been so illegally or clandestinely trafficked with,

and the Value thereof; and for securing to the Crown the Duties on the Goods so illegally trafficked with,

and to the said United Company a Reparation byWay of Damages, for such illegal or clandestine trading be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Attorney General for the Time being, either The Attorney at the Relation of the said United Company, or by his own Authority, to exhibit a Bill or Bills of Complaint ^hibifmns of in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, against any Person or Persons, trading, dealing, trafficking, or adven- Complaint for turing in, to, or from the East Indies, in Breach of this Act, or against any Person or Persons concerned as Discovery of Agent, Factor, or Copartner, with such illegal Traders, for Discovery of such trading, dealing, trafficking, clandestine trad-or adventuring, and for Recovery of such Duties to the Crown, and such Damages to the said United Company, as herein-afeer are mentioned, so that every such Bill contain a Waiver or Dilclaimer of all the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by any such Person or Persons, for the Matters contained in such Bill; and such Person and Persons shall answer the said B ll or Bills, and shall not plead or demur to the Discovery thereby fought, and shall pay to his Majesty the Customs and Duties of the Goods and Merchandize arising, Clandestine produced, or purchased, by the said unlawful Trade, Traffick, or adventuring, and shall also, as a Repa- Traders, beside*

ration to the said Company in Damages, answer and pay to the said Company, for the same Goods and * Darra^s°to

Merchandize, after the Rate of thirty Pounds ter Centum, according to the Value thereof in England; and the Company, if such Offender or Offenders shall pay the said Duties and Customs, or the Amount thereof, into his A4a-jesty's Exchequer for the Use of his Majesty, and the said Damages to the said Company, he or they shall not be prosecuted upon any other Branch or Provision of this Act, for the same Offence; and if such Bill or payment of Bills shall be exhibited at the Relation of the said Company, and shall be dismissed by the said Court of Ex- Cost*. chequer, in favour of any Defendant or Defendants, the said Company shall pay to all and every such Defendant and Defendants his or their Costs of Suit; but if a Decree shall be obtained against the Defendant or Defendants, he or they shall pay Costs to his Majesty and the Relators respectively.

CXLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if before any Suit or Prosecution shall be jf rh« Director# commenced for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties, or Forfeiture or Forfeitures, under this Act, by t\ctt gjiu of his Majesty's Attorney General, or the said United Company, any common Informer or Informers shall Complaint, in-go to the Court of Directors of the said United Company, and make known to them the Offence com- formers o(Of-mitted, and instead thereof the said Court of Directors shall elect to have the Suit or Prosecution brought or the 1

commenced by Bill or Bills of Complaint, to be filed or exhibited in his Majesty's Court of Chancery or JngleValue of of Exchequer at Westminsterr, then and in every such Case there shall be yielded and paid to such common the Co*ctrn,&c* Informer or Informers one tly.rd. Part of the single Value of the said Interest and Concern when recovered;

but if the said Court of Directors shall elect to have the Suitor Prosecutioa commenced for the Penalties or

3^2

If »hc Company fi.-lt inform, the I'rcportion of the Penalties to devolve on the Company, tho' r r sued for in 11 e limited Time.

If Actions be brought for un-Jivwful arrestio? of Persons found in the bast In-«'irf, &c, the T-efendants may plead the General Issue,

Pr :of to lie on the Plaintiff.

Plaintiff to pay '1 reble Costs.

So much of 9 and to Oul. III. Cap 44. a* inflicts Penalty for illegally trading to the East Indict;

5 Geo. I.

Cap. 21.

So much of any Acts as continues $ Geo. J. C^p. 44. and 7 Geo. J. Cap. 3l. as re Jates to Puoilh-ment o Persons illegally trading to the East Indies}

9 Geo. I.

Cap. 16.

So much of 3 Geo. 11. Cap. 14 and of 27 Geo. IT, Cap. J7. as creates. n* Penalty with Reference to 7 Geo. I,

Cap. 21. for suing, See, for the same j So much of 1 o Geo. III.

Cap. 47 as fub-jc£b illicit Traders to, in, or from the East In lies to Tonally;

So much of 13 Geo. III. Cap. 63- as pro*

C. 52. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Forfeitures by Information or Action at Law, then the said Informer or Informers shall and may accordingly sue for the same at Law, and the said Information or Action shall be proceeded upon, and shall not be discontinued or determined except with the Consent of the said United Company, or their Court of Directors.

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said United Company shall first inform, sue, and prosecute for any Penalty or Forfeiture for any of the Offences against this Act, then the Part, Share, and Proportion of the Penalties and Forfeitures, otherwise given or appointed by this Act to any other Person or Persons who shall sue or inform for the same, shall devolve upon and be to the Use of the said United Company, although such Information, Suit, or Prosecution be commenced by the said United Company after Lapse of the Time limited by Law for the Suit, Prosecution, or Information of the common Informer.

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That if, before such Determination of the said United Company's whole and sole Trade, as is herein-before limited, any Suit or Action shall be brought or commenced against the said United Company, or any of their Servants, or any Persons acting by their Authority, for the Recovery of any Costs or Damages for the unlawful taking, arresting, seizing, imprisoning, fending, or bringing to England, of any Person or Persons found in the East Indies, or other Parts aforesaid, within the Limits of the said United Company's exclusive Trade, or as not* being authorized to reside or traffick there, the Defendant or Defendants to such Suit or Action may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matterin Evidence for his or their Defence, and the Proof shall lie on the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, upon the Trial of the Issue, to shew that at the Time or Times of arresting or seizing such Person or Persons respectively for the causes aforesaid, in the Manner in which such arresting or seizing shall be laid or charged to have been done, in or by the Declaration or Declarations in such Suits or Actions, the Person or Persons so arrested W2S or were in the Military or Marine Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or was or were under Covenant to serve the said Company in India, or was cr were duly possessed of a Licence or Licences in Writing, authorizing him or them to go to or reside and traffick in India, or other the Parts aforesaid, or that the Person or Persons, not being in his Majesty's Service, was or were, at the Time or Times of his or their being so seized or arrested, entitled or authorized, by the Stipulation of such Covenants or Licences respectively, to remain and continue in India, or other the Parts aforesaid; and in Failure of such Proof the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited; and in such Case, or in any other Case wherein the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or wherein Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon Demurrer, or where a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, he or they shall have Treble Costs awarded to be paid by the respective Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or Action, any Law, Statute, or Provision to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act made in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, (intituled, An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding two Millions, upon a Fund fort Payment of Annuities after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies,) as inflidls any Penalty or Forfeiture for visiting, haunting, frequenting, trading, trafficking, or adventuring in, to, or from the East Indies, or other the Parts before mentioned, contrary to the true Meaning of the said Act; and the Whole of an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Eirft, (intituled, An Act for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectually preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under Foreign Commissions;) and so much of any Act or Acts as continues the said Act of the fifth of King George the First; and so much of an Act of the seventh Year of King George the First, (intituled, An Act for the further preventing his Majesty's Subjects from trading to the East Indies under Foreign Commissions, and for encouraging and further securing the leuful Trade thereto, and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet,) as relates to the Punishment or Prosecution of Persons for failing, going, or repairing to, or trading, trafficking, or adventuring in, to, or from the East Indies, or Parts aforesaid, to the Prejudice of the said United Company, contrary to the Laws then in being, or to the said Act; and the Whole of an Act made in the ninth Year of King George the First, (intituled, An Act to prevent his Majesty's Subjects from subscribing or being concerned in encouraging or promoting any Subscription for an East India Company in the Austrian Netherlands, and for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies ;) and so much of an Act made in the third Year of King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for reducing the Annuity or Fund of the United East India Company, and for ascertaining their Right of Trade to the East Indies, and the Continuance of their Corporation for that Pur-pofty upon the Terms therein mentioned ;) and so much of an Act made in the seventeenth Year of King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Surplus or Remainder of the Monies arisen or to arise by the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and for explaining ayid amending the said Act in relation to the Retailers cfJuch Liquors, and for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies,) as respectively creates any Penalty or Forfeiture, with a Reference to the said Act of the seventh of King George the First, for the Mode of suing, distributing, and recovering the same; and so much of an Act made in the tenth Year of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for better regulating Persons employed in the Service of the East India Company, and for other Pwposes therein mentioned ft as subjects any Persons concerned in the illicit TraJe to, in, or from the East Indies therein recited, or in any Trade thereby made punishable, to any Penalty or Penalties; and also so much of an Act made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty* (intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe,) as provides for the Delivery of any Letters or Advices to the

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo testio Georgii III. C. 52.

Principal Secretaries of State, or as makes it unlawful for any Governor General, or any of the Council of the Presideney of Fort William in Bengal, or any Chief Justice, or any of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature, at Fort William aforesaid, to be concerned in any Dealings or Transactions by Why of Traffick or Commerce, and as makes it unlawful for any Collector, Supervisor, or any other of his Majesty's Subjects employed or concerned in the Collection of the Revenues or the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa, or their Agents or Servants, or any Persons in Trust for them, to buy any Goods or Commodities by Way of Trade in those Provinces, and to fell again within the same Provinces, and as makes it unlawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects in the said Provinces' to be concerned in the Inland Trade in Salt, Beetle Nut, Tobacco, or Rice, except as therein mentioned, and as makes it unlawful for Persons dismissed from or resigning the Service of the said Company, or for any Free Merchant, Free Mariner, or other Person, whose Covenants or Agreements with the said Company shall be expired, to be concerned in any Trade or Commerce in the East Indies, other than for the Disposal of his or their Stock in Hand, without the Licence of the said Company, or such Governor General and Council, or President and Council, as therein are mentioned; and so much of the aforesaid Act made in the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty as prohibits any of the Servants of the said Company, or other British Subjects in India, from lending Money to any foreign Company or foreign European Merchants, or to purchase Goods in India for and on Account of any such Companies or Merchants, or from being concerned in lending Money or purchasing Goods to furnish any such Companies or Merchants, with the Credit of such Bills of Exchange as are described in the said Act, or as makes Provision, by Penalty or Forfeiture, or otherwise, for securing the sole and exclusive Trade of the said United Company, in, to, and from the East Indies and Parts aforesaid, subject as therein is mentioned, or as prohibits the Court of Directors of the said Company from putting a Stop to any Suit or Suits, or to remit or mitigate the Penalty, Damages, or Satisfaction, fought to be recovered thereby before a Anal Judgement or Decree obtained in such Suit or Suits; and also an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and the British Possessions in India, and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more speedy and effectiial Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East Indies,) save and except so much and such Parts of the last mentioned Act as relate to the Debts of the Nabob of Arcot or the Rajah of Tanjore, or as provides for the Redress of Injuries and Wrongs to any Rajahs, Zemindars, Polygars, Talookdars, and other Native Landholders within the British Territories in India, and except so much and such Parts of the same Act as are now in force for providing for, or which relate to or concern the new Court of Judicature by the said Act established for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons so accused of Offences committed in the East Indies, or any Proceedings had or to be had by or under the Authority of the said Court* and not by this Act varied or altered, and also except such Parts of the said Act as provides for the Repeal of any former Act or Acts; and also an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act to explain and amend certain Provisions of an Act made in the twenty fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, respect'ing the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company,) except so much thereof 2s repeals any former Act or Acts; and also so much of an Act made in the same twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other the Purposes in the Title of the said Act mentioned, as makes Offences against any Law for securing such exclusive Trade as aforesaid to the said United Company, and all Forfeitures and Penalties for illicitly trading or for being in the East Indies, prosecutable, or makes any Seizure of any Ship or Goods within the Limits of the said exclusive Trade cognizable in the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, or in the respective Mayor's Courts of Fort Saint George and Bombay, or as relates to Persons whose Licences to go to or trade or re-fide within the Limits of the said exclusive Trade shall have ceased and determined, or who shall have been dismissed from or have resigned the said Company's Service, or as relates to or as makes the Powers of arresting, seizing, remitting, or fending to England, any Person or Persons in the East Indies, or Limits aforesaid, or for seizing any Ships or Goods liable to Seizure by the said Company, enforceable and execute-able by the Governor General and Council of Fort William in Bengal, or the Presidents and Councils of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, or the other Person and Persons therein mentioned, shall be and are and is hereby repealed and made void.

CXLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That the aforesaid Repeal shall not extend to any Offence committed against any of the Statutes hereby wholly or in Part repeated, or Matter or Thing lawfully done in Great Britain respectively, by virtue of any of the same Statutes, before the passing of this Act, nor to any Offence committed or to be committed in the East Indies against any of such Statutes, or Matter or Thing lawfully done or to be done there, by virtue of any of the same Statutes respectively, before the Commencement of this Act in India; but that all and every such Offences shall and may be prosecuted, and all and every such Matter and Thing shall be held to be of the same Force, Validity, and Effect respectively, as if this Act had not been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXLVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That the said Repeal shall not extend to take away, discontinue, abridge, or affect any of the Powers or Authorities vested by any Act or Acts in the present BoarJ of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, until his Majesty shall have granted a new Com-iniflTion, or Letters Patent, for constituting a new Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, under the Authority of this Act; but that the said Powers and Authorities shall and maybe exercised by the said present Board of Commissioners, until such new Commission or Letters Patent shall be issued, in as large and

33 Geo. III. 3 D ample

383

viftes for the Delivery of' A devices, to the Secretaries olSuie, & -i

much of 21 Geo. III. Cap. 65. as prohibits the lending Money to foreign Compa-r.iet, &c.;

24 Geo. III.

Seff 2. Cap. 25, except such Parts as relate to the Debts of the Nabob of Arcot, &c. j

26 Geo. III. Cap. 16. except so much as repeals former Atts;

and so much of 26 Geo. III.

Cap 57.as makes Offence* against the Law for fecuting the * exclusive Trade of the Company, &c. enforceable in the East In-diet, repealed.

Repeal not to extend to Offences committed before passing this Act, &c.;

nor to affe&the Powers given to the present Board, till a new Board be appointed#

384

nor to affect the Powers given by 28 Geo. III. Cap. 8, and 31 Geo. III. Cap. 10, concerning Expences of ad-di'innal Forces in the East Indie?*

Acti repealed sot to bar Action*

Power given to the Governor General in Council at Fort William, &c. to appoint Justices of the Peace.

Such Justices not to fit in Courts of Oyer and Terminer unless called upon.

No Persons capable of acting as a Justice of the Peace till they have taken the requisite Oaths.

C. 52. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

ample Manner and Form as the same might have been exercised if this Act had not been m*de, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXLIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That the said Repeal shall not extend to abridge, vary, or affect any of the Powers given by, or declared to be veiled in, the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, by two several Acte, made in the twenty-eighth and thirty-first Years of his Majesty's Reign respectively, concerning the Expences incurred or to be incurred in raising, transporting, and maintaining certain of his Majesty's Forces in the said Acts mentioned, for the Security of the said Territories and Possedions in India, in Addition to the Forces then there, but that the several Powers and Authorities by the said two several Acts, or either of them, given to, or declared to be vested in the said Board of Commissioners, shall and may be exercised by the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, in as large and ample Manner and Form as if the same were repeated and re-enacted, or vested in the said Board of Commissioners, by express Words in and by this Act, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CL. And for obviating any Doubts which might otherwise arise how far any of his Majesty's Subjects may, notwithstanding the aforesaid Repeal of the said several Acts or Parts of Acts, be entitled to recover any Debts due to them in Great Britain, or in Parts beyond the Seas, or otherwise to enforce the Execution of any Contrails or Agreements, by reaion of any Pretext, to be let up by any other Person or Persons, that such Debts were contracted, or that such Contracts or Agreements were made, contrary to the Restrictionsor Prohibitions in the said Acts, or some of them, contained be it further enacted, That it shall not be competent or lawful to or for any Defendant or Defendants in any Suit or Action now depending, or hereafter to be brought in any Court either in Great Britain or in the East Indies, to plead or set up any Act or Acts, in the Whole or in Part repealed by this Act, in bar of any such Suit or Action, or of any Judgement or Recovery to be obtained therein, but that the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's in all and every such Suits or Actions, as well in Law as in Equity, shall have the same Remedy to recover, and be entitled to the like Judgement, Verdict, Decree, and Execution as if the said Acts or Parts of Acts so repealed had never been made, any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLI. And whereas the Governor General and the other Members of the Supreme Council of Fort 4 William in Bengal, and the Chief Justice and other Justices of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort 4 William aforesaid, are at present the only Persons authorized by Law to act as Justices of the Peace within ‘and throughout the Provinces, Districts, and Countries o f Bengal, Babar, and OriJJa; and the Governor or President, and the other Members.of the Council of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel; and the Governor or President, and the other Members of the Council of Bombay, are the only Persons authorized by Law to act as Justices of the Peace in and for the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Prefi- dency, Island, Town, and Fadlory of Bombay, and the Places belonging and subordinate to the said two last- mentioned Presidencies, respectively: And whereas, for preserving and maintaining the Peace in the said Provinces and Presidencies aforesaid, and the Places subordinate thereto, it is expedient that a fin therNumberof Persons should be appointed to act as Justices of the Peace in and for the same respectively Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor General in Council of Fort Williamm Bengal for the Time being, by Commissions to be from Time to Time issued under the Seal of the Supreme Court of Judicature there, in the Name of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, tested in the Name of the Chief Justice of the said Court (which said Commissions the Lid Supreme Court of Judicature is hereby authorized and required from Time to Time, by any Order or Warrant from the said Governor General in Council, to issue accordingly) to nominate and appoint such and so many of the covenacted Servants of the said Company, or other British) Inhabitants, as the said Governor General in Council shall think properly qualified, to act as Justices of the Peace within and for the said Provinces and Presidencies, and Places thereto subordinate respectively, and such Persons shall, according to the Tenor of the respective Commissions wherein they shall be so nominated and appointed, and by virtue thereof, and of this Act, have full Power and Authority to act as Justices of the Peace, according to the Tenor of the same Commissions, wherein they shall be respectively named in and for the Provinces and Presidencies aforesaid, and Places subordinate thereto respectively; and the said Supreme Court, upon any Requisition in Writing from the said Governor General in Council, shall and may from Time to Time supersede such Commissions, and upon like Requisition issue new Commissions for the Purposes aforesaid, unto the same or such other of the covenacted Servants of the said Company, or other British Inhabitants, as shall from Time to Time be so nominated by the said Governor General in Council in that Behalf, all which Commissions shall be filed of Record in the respective Courts of Oyer and Terminer of the Province, Presidency, or Place wherein and for which the same shall be issued as aforesaid: Provided always, That the Persons who shall be so nominated and appointed as aforesaid shall not be capable of holding any Court of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, nor to lit in any such Court, unless the Justices of the said Court shall, on any particular Occasion, call upon them so to do, in which Case, and so often as the same shall happen, the Persons so called upon shall and may lor that Time associate with them and fit as Justices of the said Court of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery by virtue of this Act, and have a deliberative Voice, being first specially authorized for that Purpose by Order in Council.

CLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person to be nominated and appointed in and by any such Commission as aforesaid shall be capable of acting as a Justice of the Peace in any of the said Provinces or Presidencies, until he shall have taken and subscribed in the Court of Oyer and Terminer of the Province or Presidency for which he shall be appointed to act as a Justice of the Peace, the like Oaths as are appointed to be taken by Justices of the Peace in Great Britain, or as nearly to the Tenor thereof is the

Case

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo terlio Georgii III. C. 52. 385

Case will admit, and as shall be approved by the said Court; the Oath of Qualification prescribed by an Act of the eighteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and render more 18 Geo. II. Cap.

effectual an Act passed in the fifth Year of birpresent Majesty's Reign, intituled u An Act for the Qualification of 2°'

Justices of the Peace f only and always excepted.

CLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That all Convictions, Judgements, Orders, and other Proceedings, which shall be had,'made, or pronounced by or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace within any of the British Settlements or Territories in India, out of the Court of Oyer and Terminer be rem0vcdby within and for the same, shall and may be removeable, by Writ of Certiorari, into the Court of Oyer and Certiorari into Terminer and Gaol Delivery of and for the same Preildency, at the Instance of any of the Parties thereby the C urt of affected or aggrieved, at any Time within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the making or pro- *c cr*

nouncing thereof respectively; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of the mm r>

Justices of the said Court of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required, at the Instance of such Party or Parties, to grant his Fiat or Warrant to the Keeper of the Rolls of the Peace, or other proper Officer, to award a Writ of Certiorari under the Seal of the Supreme Court of judicature, when the Matter shall arise in Bengal, Bahcr, or Orijfci, or, if it shall arise in the Presidency of Fort Saint George, or in the Presidency of Bombay, or in any Settlement or Place subordinate thereto respectively, then under the Seal of the Mayor's Court of the Presidency wherein the Matter shall so arise, or to which the Cognizance thereof shall belong, for the Removal and bringing of such Conviction,

Judgement, Order, or other Proceeding, into the said Court of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery; and that the said Court of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery shall have full Power and Authority to hear and determine the Matter of such Conviction, Judgement, Order, and other Proceeding so removed, and to quash or affirm the same, so that the same be not quashed for want of Form, but on the Merits only, and to pronounce Judgement thereon, in the like Manner as the Court of King's Bench at Westminster can or v may do upon Convictions, Judgements, Orders, or other Proceedings had or made by or before any Justices of the Peace or Court of Quarter Sessions in England, removed or brought into the said Court of King's Bench by Writ of Certiorari.

CLIV. Provided also, and be it enacted and declared, That before the granting of any such Writ the Befor<Tgraming like Recognizances shall be entered into, and the Party or Parties applying for such Writ shall be put under writs of Cer-the same Terms and Conditions, in all Respects, as are by Law directed and provided in the Cases of Writs tl?ran» Rec°6-of Certiorari awarded or granted for the Removal of any Conviction, Judgement, Order, or other Proceed- entered into* ing, had or made by or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace in England, into the said Court of King's Bitichy or as by the Usage and Practice of the same Court hath been accustomed.

CLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor General in Council of Justices of the Fort William, or the Governors of Fort Saint George and Bombay, by any Order to be made in their Councils Peace may fit respectively, to call any of the Justices of the Peace authorized in and by any such Commission or Com- p^eSdenc millions as aforesaid, to fit and allbciate with the said Governor General in Council, or Governor in Council, to hear Appeals, for the more speedy hearing and determining of causes appealed; and that the said Justices shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, when so called upon, to act as Justices in the Court of Appeals accordingly? and to have and use deliberative Voice in all Proceedings upon such Appeals.

CLVI. And whereas by the Charter of Justice under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the charter of twenty-sixth Day of March, in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for establishing the Su- Jufute dated premeCourt of Judicature of Fort William in Bengal, his Majesty did grant, ordain, establish, and appoint loth Man:h»,

that the said Supreme Court of Judicature should be a Court of Admiralty, with Power and Authority to 1774> r4Cltc

inquire, hear, try, examine, and determine, by the Oaths of British Subjects, all Treasons, Murders, Piracies. Robberies, Felonies, Maimings, Forestallings, Extortions, Trespasses, Misdemeanors, Offences, Excesses, and Enormities, and A'laritime causes whatsoever, according to the Laws and Customs of the Admiralty of England, done, perpetrated, or committed upon the High Seas, Rivers, Ports, Creeks, Har- hours, and Places overflown, within the ebbing and flowing of the Sea and High Water Mark, within, about,

and throughout the Provinces, Countries, or Distri&s of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijja, and the Territories or Islands adjacent thereto and dependent thereon; the Cognizance whereof doth belong to the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty, as the lame is used and exercised in that Part of Great Britain called England: And whereas Doubts have arilen how far the Jurisdiction of the said Supreme Court, in Criminal Matters, is limited by the said Charter to Offences committed on the Coasts of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijja, Territories or Islands respectively, within the ebbing and flowing of the Sea and High Water Mark: And inasmuch as it isellen- daily necessary that the Admiralty Jurisdiction of the said Supreme Court of Judicature should extend to Crimes and Offences committed on the High Seas at large Be it further enacted and declared, That the p0Wer given by Power and Authority of the said Court, granted to them by the said Charter of Justice, shall extend and be recited chirer extended to the High Seas, and that the said Court shall, by force and virtue u: this Act, have full Power and to the Supreme Authority to inquire, hear, try, examine, and determine, by the Oaths of honest and lawful Men, being Court of Judi-, British Subjects, resident in the Town of Calcutta, all Treasons, Murders, Piracies, Robberies, Felonies, ^the High^" Maimings, Forestallings, Extortions, Trespasses, Misdemeanors, Oftences, Excesses, and Enormities, and Scat.

Maritime causes whatsoever, according to the Laws and Customs of the Admiralty of England, done, perpetrated, or committed upon any of the High Seas, and to fine, imprison, correct, punish, chastise, and reform Parties guilty, and Violators of the Laws, in like and in as ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the said Court might or could do if the same were done, perpetrated, or committed within the Limits prescribed by the said Charter of Justice, and not other wise, or in any o;her Manner.

3D2 CLVn. And-

Anno tricesimo. tertio Georgii III.

386

PreGdcncies may appo'nt Coroners, who may exercise the same Powers as Corooers inr England.

I Geo. I. Cap. 5Z*

7 Geo. III. Cap. 41.

Justices may appoint Scavengers for cleaning the Streets of Calcutta, Midra?, and Bombay, and may order their being ware ed and repaired, and malce Assessments for those Purports, &c,

No Sp'rifuous Liquors to be sold in Calcutta, Madras, or ^om-. hay, without

By whom the Lumis of those Places shall be picftrioed.

C. 52.

A.D. 1793.

CLVII. And whereas it is expedient that Coroners should be appointed for the Settlements in India, for ‘ taking Inquests upon View of the Bodies of Persons coming, or supposed to have come, to an untimely End Be it enacted, That the Governor General in Council at Fort William, and the Governors in Council at Fort Saint George and Bombay, within their several Presidencies and Governments respectively, shall have full Power and Authority, by Orders in Council, from Time to Time to nominate and appoint' so many Coroners, being British Subjects, as they shall respectively think fit, or as shall be limited by the Court of Directors of the said Company, and by like Orders to supersede and remove the Persons so appointed, as Occasion may appear to require; and that the Persons so nominated, and taking and subscribing, before one of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature, or one of the Mayor's Courts, the like Oaths as are directed to be taken by the Coroners of Counties in England, shall and may, by force of this Act, have, do, execute, perform, and exercise the like Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdunions, within the Presidency or Settlement for which they shall be so respectively nominated and appointed, as by Law maybe had, done, executed, performed, or exercised by Coroners elebled for any County or Place*iji England, and not otherwise, or in any other Manner; and that such Coroners shall have and be entitled unto such reasonable Fees and Allowances, for the Performance of the Duty of their said Office, as shall be limited or prescribed by the said respective Governments in that Behalf.

CLVIII. And whereas, by an Act of the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making the Laws for repairing the Highways more effectual, Provision was made for authorizing Justices of the Peace in Cities and Market Towns, at their General or Quarter Sessions, to appoint Scavengers for cleansing and repairing the Streets of the same, and to raise Money by Assessments upon the Inhabitants for defraying the Expences thereof: And whereas, by an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to amend and reduce into one Act the Sta- tutes for the Amendment and Preservation of the Publick Highways, it was enabled, That the said re- cited Abl of the first Year of King George the First should be repealed: And whereas it is eflentiaHy ne- ccflary for the Health, as well as for the Security, Comfort, and Convenience, of the Inhabitants of the Towns and Factories of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay, in the East Indies, that the Streets therein should be regularly and effectually cleansed, watched, and repaired Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace within, or for the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay respectively, for the Time being, or the major Part of them, from Time to Time assembled at their General or Quarter Sessions, to appoint Scavengers for cleansing the Streets of the said Towns or Factories of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay respectively, and to nominate and appoint such Persons as they shall think fit in that Behalf, and also to order the watching and repairing of the Streets therein as they respectively shall judge necessary, and for the Purpose of defraying the Expences thereof, from Time to Time, to make an equal Assessment or Assessments on the Owners or Occupiers of Houses, Buildings, and Grounds, in the said Towns or Factories respectively, according to the true and real Annual Values thereof, so that the Whole of such Assessment or Assessments shall not exceed, in any one Year, the Proportion of one twentieth Part of the gross annual Values thereof respectively, unless any higher Rate of Assessment shall, in the Judgement of the Governor General in Council, or Governor in Council, of the said respective Presidencies, become eflentiaHy necessary for the cleansing, watching, or repairing thereof, in which Case the said Governor General in Council, or Governor in Council, shall and may, on any such urgent Occasion, by Order in Council, authorize a further Assessment, not exceeding in any one Year the half Part of the Amount of the ordinary annual Assessment herein-before limited, and that it shall be thereupon lawful for the said Justices to make a further Assessment, according to the Tenor of such Order, and not otherwise, or in any other Manner; and that all and every such Assessment or Assessments shall and may, from Time to Time, be levied and collected by such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as the said Justices, by their Order in Session, shall direct and appoint in that Behalf, and the Money thereby raised shall be employed and disposed of according to the Orders and Directions of the said Justices in Session respectively, for and towards the repairing, watching, and cleansing the said Streets, and for no other Purpose; and that the said Assessments, being allowed under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, or any two or more of them, shall and may be levied by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any two of them, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons not paying the same within eight Days after Demand, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the same Person or Persons, the necessary Charges of making, keeping, and felling such Distress or Distresses being first deducted.

CLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to fell any Arrack or other Spirituous Liquors within the Towns or Factories of Calcutta, Madras, or Bombay respectively, without a Licence for that Purpose under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the Justices of the Peace having Jurisdiction; and that the Powers and Authorities vested, by any Laws or Statutes now in force in that Part of Great Britain called England, in any Justices of the Peace for restraining the inordinate Sale of Spirituous Liquors, shall extend to and be put in force against all unlicensed Traders in Spirits or Spirituous Liquors within the said Towns and Factories respectively, by the Justices having Jurisdiction therein; and that if any Question shall arise touching or concerning the true Limits and Extent of the said Towns and Factories, or any of them, the same shall be inquired into by the Governor General in Council at Fort William, in respect to the Limits and Extent of Calcutta, and by the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, in respect to the Limits and Extent of Madras, and the Governor in Council at Bombay, in respect to the Town of Bombay; and that such Limits as the said 'respective Governments, by. Order in

Council,

j!

3?7

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 52.

Council, shall declare and prescribe to be the Limits of the said Towns and Factories respectively, shall be held, deemed, and taken in Law as the true Limits of the same, any Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall hereafter be elected a Director of the said Company shall, within ten Days next after his Election, and before he shall take that Office upon him, (save only the administering the Oath herein after mentioned J instead of the Oaths now prescribed to be taken by Persons elected Directors of the said Company, take the following Oath; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do fivear, "That the Sum of two thousand Pounds, nowflan ding in my Name, of the Stock of the " United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, whereof I am defied to be a Di-

" refior, dolh at this Time belong to me in my own Right, and not in Trust for any other Person or Persons " whomsoever: And 1 do further fivear, That in case I shall at any Time or Times, whilst Ifn all continue to be " a Direfior of the said Company, have any Dealings or Business with the said Company upon my own Account, 46 separately or in Conjunction with any other Person or Persons, for or in respefi of buying for or felling to the "said Company any Bullion or other Goods whatsoever, or in making any other Bargain or Contrafi whatsover, " by, to, or with the said Company, then and in every such Case, previous to any Treaty or Negotiation upon " such Business or Businesses, I will declare and record the same upon the Proceedings of the Court or Committee " where the same is to be transafied, and that I will withdraw from such Court or Committee during the DficuJJim thereof and will not return thereto until after such Business or Businesses shall be decided " upon: And 1 do furtherfivear. That lam not direfily or indirectly interested or concerned, as an Owner or " Part Owner, of or in any Ship or Vessel which at this Time is hired or freighted, or is expefied to be hired or " freighted to or for the Use of the said Company \ and that during the Time shall continue to be a Direfior of the said Company, 1 will not become an Owner or Part Owner of any Ship or Vessel which is or shall be so "freighted, except such Ships or Shares of Ships as shall come to me by Bequest or Marriage, or as next of Kin " of any Person who shall die intefiate, and that in all such Cases I willforthwith give Notice in Writing to the Court of Direfior s of the said Company of my being so inter ejled \ and Ido hereby promise that I will sell and dispose of my Interesl in such Shipping within twelve Months next after my Inter eft therein shall accrue, " or in Default thereof shall and will vacate my Place and Office of a Direfior of the said Company: And further I do fivear, That I will not direfily or indirectly accept or take any Perquisite, Emolument, Fee, Present, 44 or Reward, upon any Account whatsoever, or any Promise or Engagement for any Perquisite, Emolument, " Fee, Present, or Reward whatsoever, for or in respefi of the Appointment or Nomination of any Person or Persons to any Place or Office in the Gift or Appointment of the said Company, or of me as a Direfior thereof, or " for or on Account offlationing or appointing the Voyage or Voyages of any Ship or Ships in the said Company's " Employ, or for or on Account of, or any ways relating to, any other Business or Affairs of the said Company: " And I do further fivear. That I will be faithful to the said Company, and according to the best of my Skill and 46 Understanding, give my best Advice, Counsel, and Affiance for the Support of the good Government of the said Company, and during my Continuance in the said Company will not at any Time or Tunes ship, lade, fend, direfi, or cause to be sent from England, or any other Country, to the East Indies, or other Parts within the Limits wherein the said Company may lawfully trade by virtue of their Charter of Incorporation, or bring from thence, for my private Account, any Goods, Coins, or other Merchandizes, contrary to an Afi of Parliament made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act]: And I do further faithfully promise and jwcar. That in the Office of a Direc- for of the said Company, I will be indifferent and equal to all Adana er of Persons, and will in all Things faithfully and honestly demean myself according to the best of my Skill and Understanding.

So help me G OD

Which said Oath shall be signed by the Person or Persons taking the same, and shall be administered by any two of the Directors of the said Company, who also shall sign and attest the same; and in case any Person so to be elected a Director of the said Company, shall refuse or neglect to take the said Oath within the Time aforesaid, his Office or Place, as a Director of the said Company, shall become void.

CLXI. And whereas, by an Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repealing the present Inland Duty of four Shillings per Pound Weight upon all Tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majesty certain other Inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for better ficcuring the Duty upon Tea, and other Duties 0}' Excise; and for pursuing Offenders out of one County into another; and by an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to allciv a Drawback of the Duties of Customs on the Exportation of Tea to any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America; to incrcqfe the Deposit on Bohea Tea to be sold at the East India Company's Sales, and to empower the Commissioners of the Treasury to grant Licences to the East India Company, to export Tea Dutyfree; every Person who should, at any Publick Sale of Tea made by the said United Company, be declared to be the heft Bidder for any Lot or Lots of Tea, is required, within three Days after being so declared the best Bidder or Bidders for the same, to make such Deposits with the said United Company, for every Tub and for every Chest of Tea, as in the said respective Acts are menti- oned, under and subject to such Regulations, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Disabilities, as in the same Act are mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to vary the Time of paying the said Deposits Be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, the Provision made in the said recited Acts, with respect to the Time of paying the said Deposits, shall cease; and that in respect of all Tea sold at the said Company's Sales, at any Time from and after the Commencement of this Act, the said Deposits shall be paid at such Times as herein after are mentioned j (that is to say,) on all T*a of which any

Direfi or? hereafter elefled to_ raKe the following

Oah.

] S Geo. II. Cap# 26, and

13 Geo. III. Cap. 44. recited#

Deposits for Tea to be made at the-Times herein specified, inftrad of those directed by last resiled Acts*

3

88

Limitation of Suits.

Commencement

of the Parts of the Act, for which no particular Time is appointed.

29 Geo. III. Cap. 57. and

31 Geo. III. Cap. 52. recited.

Recited Act of 19 Geo. III. further continued;

[Publick Act.]

tot so much as directs ih-t no Fee fh )l be taken for Proceedings of Justices repealed.

Any Number of Persons may form themselves into a Society, and raise among themselves a Fund for their mutual Benefit, and may make Rules and impose Fmcs, See,

C. 52 - 54. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 179#.

Person shall be declared the best Bidder on the Monday and Tuesday of each Week in which any Sale of Tea frail be made, the said Deposits frail be paid at or before three of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Saturday then next following; and on all Tea of which any Person shall be declared the best Bidder on the Wednes-day, Thurs'iay, Friday, and Saturday of each Week in which any Sale of Tea frail be made, the said Deposits frail be paid on or before three of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Tuesday then next following, under the same Terms and Conditions, and subject to the same Regulations, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Disabihties, as are mentioned and contained in the saul fy.& of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty.

CLXII. And be it further enacted, That all Suits and Prosecutions for any Thing done under or by virtue of this Act shall be commenced within the Space of three Years after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, or, being done in Great Britain, in the Absence of any Person beyond Sea aggrieved thereby, then within the Space of three Years next after the Return of such Person to Great Britain.

CLXIII. And be it further enacted, That so much and inch Parts of this Act, in respect whereof no particular Time or Times of Commencement is or are herein named or appointed, frail have Commencement in Great Britain immediately after this Act shall have received his Majesty's Royal Assent, and in the East-Itidies, and other Parts and Limits aforesaid, from the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety- four.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for father regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers.

[3d June 1793.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers', which was to be in force for one whole Year and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the said Act of the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty was continued for one whole Year and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said first mentioned Ad should be continued for a further limited Time (except as herein is excepted) ;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of PawnbrokersA frail be, and the same is hereby continued from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That so much of the said Act as directs, that no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be had, taken, or received by any Justice of the Peace, or his Clerk, or by any Person whomsoever, for any Summons or Warrant, or other Proceedings whatsoever, to be granted or made by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of the said Act, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded*

CAP. LIV.

An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies.

[21st June 1793.]

WHEREAS the Protection and Encouragement of Friendly Societies in this Kingdom, for raising, by voluntary Subscription of the Members thereof, separate Funds for the mutual Relief and Main- tenance of the said Members in Sickness, old Age, and Infirmity, is likely to be attended with very bene- facial Effects, by promoting the Happinds of Individuals, and at the same Time diminishing the publick Burthens;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Number of Persons, in Great Britain, to form themselves into, and to establifr one or more Society or Societies of good Fellowfrip, for the Purpose of raising, from Time to Time, by Subscriptions of the several Members of every such Society, or by voluntary Contributions, a Stock or Fund for the mutual Relief and Maintenance of all and every the Members thereof, in old Age, Sickness, and Infirmity, or for the Relief of the Widows and Children of deceased Members; and to and for the several Members of each such Society, or such Number of them as shall be nominated a Committee for that Purpose, from Time to Time toaffemble together, and to make, ordain, and constitute such proper and wholesome Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the better Government and Guidance of the same, as to the major Part of such Society^ or such Committee thereof, so assembled together, shall seem meet, so as such Rules, Orders, and Regulations frail not be repugnant to the Laws of this Realm, nor any of the express Provisions or Regulations of this Act, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon the several Members of any such Society who frail offend against such Rules, Orders^ or Regulations, as frail be just and necessary for duly

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 54.

enforcing the same, to be respectively paid to such Uses, for the Benefit of such Society, as such Society, by such Rules, Orders, or Regulations, shall direct; and also^from Time to Time to alter and amend such Rules, Orders, and Regulations as Occasion shall require, or to annul and repeal the same, and to make new Rules, Orders, and Regulations in lieu thereof, under such Reflections as are in this Act contained.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, with all convenient Speed after the same shall be made, altered, or amended, and so from Time to Time after every making, altering, or amending thereof, shall be exhibited in Writing to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, in and for the County, Riding, Division, or Shire where such Society shall be established, and such Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall be subject to the Review of such Justices, who shall and may, after due Examination thereof, at the then, or the then next subsequent Session, annul and make void all such Rules, Orders, or Regulations as shall be repugnant to this Act, and shall allow and confirm all such Rules, Orders, and Regulations as shall be conformable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and after the Confirmation thereof by such Justices, all such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, so confirmed, shall be signed by the Clerk of the Peace at such Sessions, and a Duplicate thereof, being first fairly wrote on Parchment, mail be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace at such Sessions, to be by him filed with the Rolls of the Sessions there, without any Fee to be paid for any Matter or Thing relating to the same; and such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, approved of and confirmed by the Justices, and filed as aforesaid, 'shall be binding upon all Parties during the Continuance of the same; and no such Society, which shall hereafter be established, shall be deemed or taken to be within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, until good and competent Rules, Orders, and Regulations for the Government of the same shall have been confirmed by the Justices, and filed as aforesaid, according to the Directions of this Act before mentioned; nor shall any such Society, which hath already been established for the Purpose aforesaid, be, or be deemed or taken to be, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, unless all the Rules, Orders, or Regulations, under which such Society is thereafter to be governed, shall be exhibited and confirmed in Manner aforesaid, and shall be filed at the General Quarter 'Sessions of the Peace or at any Adjournment thereof to be holden in and for the County, Riding, Division, or Shire where such Society hath been established, at some Time before or immediately next after the Feast 6f Saint Michael in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rule, Order, or Regulation, confirmed by the Justices of the Peace in Manner aforesaid, shall be altered, refeinded, or repealed, unless at a General Meeting of the Members of such Society as aforesaid, convened by Publick Notice, in Writing, signed by the Secretary or Clerk of such Society, in pursuance of a Requisition for that Purpose,

vby three or more of the Members of such Society, and publickly read at the two usual Meetings of such Society to be held next before such General Meeting, for the Purpose of such Alteration or Repeal, unless a Committee of such Members shall have been nominated for that Purpose, in which Case such Committee shall be convened in like Manner, and unless such Alteration or Repeal shall be made with the Concurrence and Approbation of three-fourths of the Members of such Society then and there present, or by the like Proportion of such Committee as aforesaid, if any shall have been nominated for that Purpose; and such Alteration or Repeal shall be subject to the Review of the Justices at such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, as aforesaid, and shall be filed in the Manner herein-before directed; and that no such Rule, Order, or Regulation shall be binding, or have any Force or Effect, until the same shall have been agreed to and confirmed by such Justices, and filed as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Society shall and may, from Time to Time, at any of their General Meetings, or by their Committee, if any such shall be appointed for that Society, elect and appoint such Persons into the Office of Steward, President, Warden, Treasurer, or Trustee of such Society as they shall think proper, and also shall and may from Time to Time elect and appoint such Clerks and other Officers as shall be deemed necessary to carry into Execution the Purposes of such Institution, for such Space of Time, and for such Purposes, as shall be fixed and established by the Rules and Regulations of such Society, and from Time to Time to elect and appoint others in the Room of those who shall vacate or die; and such Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees, and all and every other Officer or Officers, or other Persons whatever* who shall be appointed to any Office in any wise touching or concerning the Receipt, Management, or Expenditure of any Sum or Sums of Money collected for the Purpose of any such Society, before he or they shall be admitted to take upon him or them the Execution of any such Office or Trust, shall (if required so to do by the Rules or Regulations of such Society to which such Officers shall belong) become bound with two sufficient Sureties for the just and faithful Execution of such Office or Trust, and for rendering a just and true Account, according to the Rules, Orders, and Regulations of such Society, and in all Matters lawful to pay Obedience to the same, in such penal Sum or Sums of Money as by the major Part of such Society, at any such Meeting as aforesaid, shall be thought expedient, and to the Satisfaction of such Society; and that every such Bond or Bonds to be given by or on the Behalf of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees, shall be given to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, or Shire, where such Society shall be established for the Time being, without Fee or Reward; and in case of Forfeiture, it shall be lawful to sue upon such Bond in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, for the Use of the said Society; and every such Bond or Bonds to be given by any other Person or Persons appointed to any such other Office or Trust as aforesaid, shall be given to the Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid, of such Society

389

Rules of such Societ es to be exhibited to the Justices in Quarter St flions, who may annul or confirm them*

Rules so be

signed by the Clerk of the Peace, and deposed with him.

No Society to be within the Meaning of this Act till their Rules have been confirmed.

No confirmed Rule to be altered but at a General Meeting of the Societ), &c.

Alterations of

Rules to be subject to the Review of the Quarter Sessions.

Society may appoint Officer.*

Securities to be given for Offices of Trust, if required.

Treasurers or

Trustees to give Bond to the Clerk of t he Peace;

and other Persons to the Treasurers or Trustees.

390

Bonds not chargeable with Stamp Duty.

Appmtment of Committee;*.

PowerM)fStand-ine Committees to be declared in the Rulet of the Siicie'Vf and of pa: ticular ones en ered in a Bcok.

Commit'eescon-troulable by Society*

Treasurer9 rr Trupees to by rut Surplus of Contributions,

and tobrng the Proceeds to Account for the 17fe of the So-tieiy.

Treasurers, &c. to render Account?, and pay over Balances,

and ?n case of Neglect, Application may be made to the Court of Chancery, kc,

N& Fee to be

taktn for any Proceedings in such Courts, &c.

C. 54. Anno tricesimo teitio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

for the Time being, to be by him or them respectively prosecuted for any Forfeiture thereof, and for the Use of such Society to which such Officer or Officers shall bciong; and no Bond or other Security to be given to or on Account of any such Society, or in pursuance of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Society shall and may, from Time to Time, elect and appoint any Number of the Members of such Society, not Icfs than eleven, to be a Committee, and shall and may delegate to such Committee all or any of the Powers given by this Act to be executed, who being so delegated shall continue to act as such Committee for and during such Time as they shall be appointed; and in all Cases where a Standing Committee shall be appointed for such Society, for general Purposes, the Powers of such Committee shall be first declared in and by the Rules, Orders, and Regulations of such Society, confirmed by the Justices of the Peace at their Sessions, and filed in the Manner herein-before directed; and in all Cases where a Committee shall be appointed for any particular Purposeor Purposes, the Powers delegated to such Committee shall be reduced into Writing, and entered into a Book by the Secretary or Clerk of such Society, and five of the Members of such Committee, at lead, shall at all Times be necessary to concur in any Act of such Committee, and such Committee shall, in all Things delegated to them, a£lfor and in the Name of such Society; and all Acts and Orders of such Committee, under the Powers delegated to them, shall have the like Force and Effect as the Acts and Orders of such Society, at-any General Meeting thereof, could or might have had in pursuance of this Act: Provided always, That the Transactions of such Committee shall be from Time to Time, and at all Times, subject and liable to the Review, Allowance or Disallowance, and Controul, of such Society, in such Manner and Form as such Society shall by their General Rules, Orders, and Regulations, confirmed by the Justices and filed as aforesaid, have directed and appointed, or shall in like Manner direct and appoint.

Vf. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees, for the Time being, of any such Society, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time, by and with the Consent of such Society, to be had and testified in such Manner as shall be directed by the General Rules and Orders of such Society, to lay out or dispose of such Part of all such Sums of Money as shall at any Time be collected, given, or paid to and for the beneficial Ends, Intents, and Purposes of such Society, as the Exigencies of such Society shall not call for the immediate Application or Expenditure of, either on private Securities, to be approved of as aforesaid, (such Securities to be taken in the Name or Names of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees, for the Time being,) or to invest the same in the Publick Stocks or Funds, in the proper Name or Names of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees, and from Time to Time, with iiich Consent as aforesaid, to alter and transfer such Securities and Funds, and to make Sale thereof respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Dividends, Interest, and Proceeds which shall from Time to Time arise from the Monies so laid out or inverted as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, be brought to account by such Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees, and shall be applied to and for the Use of such Society, according to the Rules, Orders, and Regulations thereof.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees, for the Time being, and all other Officers of any such Society, who shall have or receive any Part of the Monies, Eftefts, or Funds of such Society, or shall in any Manner have been or shall be entrusted with the Disposition, Management, or Custody thereof, or of any Securities relating to the same, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, dial), upon Demand made, in pursuance of any Order by such Society or Committee to be appointed as aforesaid for that Purpose, give in his or their Account or Accounts, at a General Meeting of any such Society, or to such Committee thereof as aforesaid, to be examined, and allowed or disallowed, and shall, on the like Demand, pay over all the Monies remaining in his or their Hands, and assign and transfer or deliver all Securities, Efiefts, or Funds taken or (landing in his or their Name or Names as aforesaid, or being in his or their Hands or Custody, to the Treasurer or Treasurers, or Trustee or Trustees, for the Time being, or to such Person or Persons as such Society shall appoint; and in case of any Neglect or Refusal to deliver such Account, or to pay over such Monies, or to assign, transfer, or deliver such Securities or Funds in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Society, in the Name of the Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees thereof, as the Case may be, to exhibit a Petition in the High Court of Chancery, or the Court of Exchequer, in England, or the Court of Session in Scotland, or the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales respectively, who shall and may proceed thereupon in a summary Way, and make such Order therein, upon hear-

ing all Parties concerned, as to such Court in their Discretion shall seem just; and all Alignments and Transfers made in pursuance of such Order shall be good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee, Reward, Emolument, or Gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded, taken, or received by any Officer or Minister of such Court, for any Matter or Thing done in such Court in pursuance of this Act; and that upon the presenting of any such Petition, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor, the Mailer of the Rolls, and Barons of the Exchequer, respectively, in England, or the Lords of Session in Scotland, or the Judges of any of the Courts* of Great Sessions in Wales, to assign Counsel learned in the Law, and to appoint a Clerk of such Court toad-vise and carry on such Petition on the Behalf of such Society, who are hereby respectively required to do their Duties (herein without Fee or Reward; and that no such Proceedings In such Court, in pursuance of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty.

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 54.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person appointed to any Office by any such Society, and being entrusted with or having in his Hands or Possession any Monies or Effects belonging to such Society, or any Securities relating to the same, shall die, or become a Bankrupt, or Insolvent, his Executorsor Administrators, Assignee or Assignees, shall, within forty Days after Demand made by the Order of any such Society, or the major Part of them assembled at any Meeting thereof, deliver over all Things belonging to such Society, to such Person or Persons as such Society shall appoint, and shall pay, out of the Assets or Effects of such Person, all Sums of Money remaining due, which such Person received by virtue of his said Office, before any of his other Debts are paid or fatibfied; and all such Assets and Effects shall be bound to the Payment and Discharge thereof accordingly.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies, Goods, Chattels, Stocks, Annuities, and other transferable Securities and Effects whatever, belonging to such Society, shall be vested in the Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees, for the Time being, for the Use and Benefit of such Society, and from and after the Death or Removal of any Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees, shall vest in the succeeding Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees, for the same Estates and Interests as he or they then had therein, and subject to the same Trust, without any Alignment or Transfer whatever; and also shall, for all Purposes of Action or Suit, as we.l Criminal as Civil, in Law or 'in Equity, in any wise touching or concerning the same, be deemed and be taken to be, and shall in every such Proceeding (where necessary) be Rated to be the Property of the Person or Persons appointed to the Office of Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees (as the Case may be), of such Society for the Time being, in his, her, or their proper Name or Names; and such Person or Persons so appointed shall, and they are hereby respectively authorized to bring or defend, or cause to be brought or defended, any Action, Suit, or Prosecution, Criminal ns well as Civil, touclvng or concerning such Monies, Goods or Chattels, or Effects, of or belonging to such Society; and such Person or Persons so appointed shall and may, in all Cases concerning the Property of such Society, sue and be filed, plead and be impleaded, in his or their proper Name or Names, without other Description; and no such Suit, Action, or Prosecution shall be discontinued or abate by the Death or Removal of such Person or Persons from the said Office of Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees aforesaid, but the same shall and may be proceeded in by the succeeding Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees, in the proper Name or Names of the Person or Persons commencing the same; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Society so to be established as aforesaid, before any of the Rules, Orders, or Regulations thereof shall be confirmed by the Justices in the Manner herein-before directed, shall, in or by one or more of the General Rules, Orders, or Regulations to be confirmed by such Justices, declare all and every the Intents and Purposes for which such Society is intended to be established; and shall also, in and by such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, direct all and every the Uses and Purposes to which the Money, which shall from Time to Time be subscribed, paid, or given to, or for the Use or Benefit of such Society, or which shall arise therefrom, or in any wise belonging to such Society, shall be appropriated and applied, and in what Shares and Proportions, and under what Circumstances, any Member of such Society, or other Person, shall or may become entitled to the same,

- or any Part thereof; and which Application shall not in any wise be repugnant to the Uses, Intents, and Purposes of such Society, or any of them, so to be declared as aforesaid; and all such Rules, Orders, or Regulations, during the Continuance of the same, shall be complied with and enforced; and the Monies so subscribed, paid, or given, or so arising to or for the Use or Benefit of such Society, or belonging thereto, shall not be diverted or misapplied, either by the Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees, or any other Officer or Officers of such Society entrusted therewith, under such Penalty or Forfeiture as such Society shall by any General Rule, Order, or Regulation impose and inflict for such Offence; and that it shall not be lawful for any such Society, by any Rule, Order, or Regulation, at any General Meeting or otherwise, to diflblveor determine such Society, so long as the Intents or Purposes declared by such Society, or any of them, remain to be carried into Effe£f, without the Consent and Approbation of Five-sixths of the then existing Members of such Society, and also of all Persons then receiving, or then entitled to receive, Relief from such Society, cither on Account of Sickness, Age, or Infirmity, to be testified under their Hands, individually and respectively; nor shall it be lawful for such Society, by any Rule, Order, or Regulation, to direct the Division or Distribution of such Stock or Fund, or any Part thereof, to or amongst the several Members of such Society, other than for carrying into Effect the general Intents and Purposes of such Society declared by them, and confirmed by the Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, according to the Directions of this Act, but that all such Rules, Orders, or Regulations for the Dissolution or Determination of any such Society, without such Consent as aforesaid, or for the Distribution or Division of the Stock or Fund of such Society, contrary to the Rules, Orders, and Regulations which shall have been confirmed by the said Justices at their Sessions, and filed in pursuance of this Act, shall be void and of none Effect.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, from Time to Time made, ordained, and constituted by any such Society, in the Manner directed by tin's

Act, shall be forthwith entered into a Book or Books to be kept by one or more of the Members of such Society, to be appointed for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the said Members, and shall at all seasonable Times be open for the Inspection of any Member of such Society; and such Rules, Orders, and Regulations so entered and signed, shall be deemed Original Orders, and shall be received in Evidence as such in all Disputes and in all Trials before any Court in this Kingdom; and that no Certiorari shall be brought or

allowed to remove any of the Rules, Orders, or Regulations of any such Society, made in pursuance of this ActL into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

39i

Executors, &c. to pay Money doe to Societies before any other Debts.

FrFefts of Sncle-t es to be vested in the T/eafu ers or TruArrs for the Time be njr, who may b 3rd defeid Ac* lions, &c.

Societies to declare the Purpose of their Estabiftunrnt, &c. bef.ire the C n-firmation of their Rules by the Qtuit&r Sessions j

and may i-nflidV Penalty for Mif-applica'ion of Money.

The Confine, necessary for Difl"oln»ion of Societies.

Stock not divisi-ble but for the general Purposes of the Society,

Rules to be entered into a Book, and received in Evidence, &c.

39 2

Socie i?s mjy receive Donation'.

rT-'cepHins?, v. I.e'c Men.her. think 'h.-n elvts

Where General Rules di>e‘» Difpu'es to be fetr ed by A.bi-trj^f n, the A«.ard ot (he AiLitr<uois to be final.

No Member of a Society, producing a Certificate thereof, to be removeable

till actually

chargeable to a P- ifli.

Ho* Certificates are to be authenticated.

t)n Complaint of Parish Officer». Justic»a anay tummoa

C. 54. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any such Society to receive Donations of any Person or Persons, towards the Supply of their Stock or Fund, and all such Sums shall be applicable to the general Purposes of such Society, in the like Manner as the Contributions of the several Members of such Society are or shall be directed to be applied in pursuance of this Act, and shall not be applied in any other Manner.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person having been admitted a Member of any such Society established by virtue of this Act, shall think himself aggrieved by any Act,

Matter, or Thing done or omitted to be done by any such Society, or any Person or Persons acting under them, it shall and may be lawful for any two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, or Shire, where, or near unto the Place where such Society shall be established, on Complaint made upon Oath or Affirmation by or on the Behalf of such Person, (which Oath or Affirmation such Justices of the Peace are hereby empowered and required to administer,) to issue their Summons to the Presidents, War-1 dm?. Stewards, or other principal Officers of such Society, by whatever Name such principal Officers shall be respectively named or called, or one of them, in case such Complaint shall be made against such Society collectively; and in case such Complaint shall be made against any Person or Persons appointed to inch Office or Offices, then to summon such Person or Persons to appear before such Justices at a convenient Time and Place, to be respectively named in such Summons; and also to summon at the same Time and Place, if there shall be Occasion, all such Persons as shall appear to such Justices to have the Custody of the Rules, Orders, and Regulations of such Society, and such Justices, at the Time and Place named in such Summons, whether the Person or Persons so summoned shall or shall not appear according to such Summons, nevertheless, on Proof upon Oath or Affirmation of such Summons being duly served, or left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, shall proceed peremptorily to hear and determine, in a fumtr.ary Way, the Matter of such Complaint according to the true Purport and Meaning of the Rules,

Orders, and Regulations of such Society, confirmed by the Justices according to the Directions of this Act, and shall make such Order therein as to them shall seem just; and every such Order of such Justices shall be complied with, and shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be subject to Appeal, or to be removed or removeable into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if Provision shall be made by one or more of the General Rules or Orders of any such Society, and confirmed as required by this Act, for a Reference by Arbitration of any Matter in Dispute between any such Society, or any Person or Persons acting under them, and any individual Members thereof, the Matter so in Dispute shall be i

referred to such Arbitrators as shall be named and elected in such Manner as shall be prescribed by such General Rules or Orders; and whatever Award, Order, or Determination shall be made by the said Arbitrators, or the major Part of them, according to the true Purport and Meaning of the Rules and Orders of such Society, confirmed by the justices according to the Directions of this Act, shall be binding and con* elusive on all Parties, and shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, without Appeal, or being subject to the Controul of two or more Justices of the Peace in the Manner herein-before prescribed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Member of any Society to be established in pursuance of this Act, who shall inhabit or reside in any Parish, Township, or Place, not having a Lgal Settlement there, or who shall come to inhabit or reside there, and shall deliver to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, Township, or Place, or to any or either of them, a Certificate under the Handsof the Stewards, Presidents, Wardens, or Treasurers of such Society, or any two of them, for the Time being, to be attested by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, thereby acknowledging the Person mentioned in such Certificate to be a Member of such Society, shall, during the Time such Person shall continue to be such Member thereof, be removeable from any Parish, Township, or Place where any such Certificate hath been delivered as aforesaid, to the Place of his or her last legal Settlement, by virtue of any Law now in being relative to the Settlement of the Poor, until such Person shall become actually chargeable to such Parish, Township, or Place, or shall be forced to ask Relief for himself or herself, or for his or her Family, or for fume Part thereof, of the Parish, Township, or Place, to which such Certificate was delivered as aforesaid, and that then, and not before, it shall and may be lawful for such Person, together with his or her Family, not having otherwise acquired a legal Settlement there, to be removed and conveyed to the last legal Place of Settlement of such Person as aforesaid, according to the Laws now in being relating to the Settlement of the Poor.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Certificate shall express the Place and Places of Abode respectively of the Persons ligning and attesting the same; and that one of the Wit-nefils attesting the same shall make Oath before a Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division,

Shire, Liberty, Borough, Town Corporate, or Place where such Society shall be established, (which Oath such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required to administer,) that such Witness did fee the Persons whose Names are thereunto fct, severally iign the said Certificate, and that the Name 6r-Names of such Witness or Witnesses, is or are of his or their own proper Hand Writing, which said Justice of the Peace shall also certify that such Oath was made before him; and every such Certificate so made, and Oath of the Execution thereof so certified by the said Justice of the Peace, shall be taken, deemed, and allowed in all Courts whatsoever as duly and fully proved, and shall be taken and received as Evidence without other Proof thereof.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, upon Complaint made by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parift), Township, or Place, where such Certificate shall be delivered, to any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County,

, Riding,

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 54.

Riding, Division, or Shire, or of the City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Place where any such Person as aforesaid shall inhabit or reside, or come to inhabit or reside, under the Authority of this Act, for such Justice or Justices of the Peace to cause any such Person mentioned in such Certificate as aforesaid to be summoned before him or them;, in the Division or Place where such Person shall so reside, or come to reside, in order to be examined, and to make Oath touching the Place of his or her last legal Settlement, (which Examination upon Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to take,) and every such Person so summoned is hereby directed and required to obey such Summons, and to make Oath accordingly; and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby respectively required to give an attested Copy of such Examination, so taken before him or them, to the Person making the same, to be by him or her, or any Person on his or her Behalf, at any Time afterwards, produced before any such of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, before whom such Person shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid; and that in case any such Person shall be so again summoned, then, on the Production of such attested Copy as aforesaid, such Person shall not be compelled or required to take any other or further Oath with regard to any of the Matters contained in such Examination, but such Person shall, if required, permit a Copy thereof to be taken for such last mentioned Justice or Justices of the Peace.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of the Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, who shall have taken such Examination as aforesaid, or before whom such attested Copy of such Examination shall be produced, at the Request of such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor as aforesaid, by an Order in Writing under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justices, to adjudge and declare the Place of the last legal Settlement of any such Person, having been so examined on Oath as aforesaid, or of such of his or her Family as shall reside in such Parish, Township, or Place under the Authority of this Act, without iftiiing any Warrant to remove such Person, or his or her Family as aforesaid, to such Place of his, her, or their last legal Settlement, and that a Duplicate of every such Order shall be transmitted to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden next after the Expiration of twenty Days from the Time of making thereof, for the County, Riding, Division, or Shire, where such Person shall so reside, to be filed amongst the Records of the said Court; and that a Copy of every such Order, to be attested by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or a Duplicate thereof, together with an attested Copy of such Examination to be annexed to such Copy of such Order, or Duplicate thereof, shall be delivered to the Churchwardens and Overseers of th/Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, in which the Person mentioned in such Order shall be adjudged to be last legally settled as aforesaid, or to any or either of them, at least fifteen Days before the first Day of holding such Sessions; and that upon due Proof to be made on Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses before the Justices of the Peace at such Sessions, of the Delivery of such Copy, or Duplicate, with such Examination annexed thereto as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace at such Sessions, and they are hereby required, to direct every such Order to be filed amongst the Records of the said Court; and that every such Order so filed shall be final and conclusive in ascertaining and determining the Place of the last legal Settlement of the Person or Persons named in such Order, unless the same shall be appealed against within the Time herein after mentioned.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons who Avail think themselves aggrieved by any such Adjudication of the said Justices may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden next after the Expiration of fifteen Days from the Time of the Delivery of such Copy or Duplicate as aforesaid, for the County, Riding, Division, or Shire where such Order was made; and the Justices of the Peace at such Sessions shall and may receive such Appeal, and proceed to hear and determine the Merits of such Appeal in like iYlanner, with the same Efifed!, and under the like Rules, as if the Person or Persons mentioned in such Order had been by Warrant of two Justices actually removed to the Place where he, she, or they were last legally settled, under and by virtue of any Law in being, before and at the Time of the making of this Act, and may award the like Costs on such Appeal as may be awarded on Appeals from Orders of Removals of poor Persons by any Statute or Statutes now in force, to be recovered m like Manner as Costs awarded under the Authority of such Statute or Statutes.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Member of any such Society, who shall reside in any Parish, Township, or Place under and by virtue of this Act, shall have or be deemed to have acquired any Settlement in such Parish, Township, or Place, by Delivery and Publication of any Notice in Writing, unless the same shall be made after such Person shall cease to be a Member of such Society, and after the Revocation of his or her Certificate herein-before mentioned.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Member of any such Society who shall reside as aforesaid, under the Authority of this Act, and shall be taxed, rated, or assessed towards any of the Rates, Taxes, or Levies of the Parish, Township, or Place, where such Member shall so reside, and shall duly pay the same, shall be deemed or taken thereby to have any legal Settlement in such Parish, Township, or Place; any Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall be an Apprentice, bound by Indenture to, or shall be a hired Servant to or with any Person who did come into or shall reside in any Parish, Township, or Place, under the Authority of this Act, and not afterwards having gained a legal Settlement in such Parish, Township, or Place, shall gain or be adjudged to have any Settlement in such Parish, Township, or Place, by reason of such Apprenticeship or Binding, or by reai'on of such Hiring or Serving therein; but all such Apprentices and Servants shall have their Settlements in such Parish, Township, or Place, as if they had not been bound, or had not been hired to such Person as aforesaid, any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

393

Persons bringing Certificates, to be examined, and make Oath of iheir Settlement,

Copies of £r. aminaiions to be giv n the Parties, which shall exempt them from future Examination.

Justices may declare b.y an Order in Wiit-inp, the Place of Settlement «f Persons so examined, without issuing Warrant for Removal.

Copies of such Ordeis and of Examin

to be returned to the Parish Officers of the Place of Settlement, &c.

Person*

g ievtd by Adjudication of Juf-lices may appeal to the Quarter Sessions, See,

Mo Person w h® shall rcfi le in any Pat ifh under this Act shall thereby acquire a Settlement }

nor for paying Rales j

nor any Apprentice or Servant to such Persons.

394- C. 54, 55. Anno tricesimo tertio Georg 11 III. A.D. 1793.

Boards to have the Mother's Settlement,

Charepsof main-

taining or removing Residents under this Act to be reimbursed by :he I'a-ilh 10 which the Parties belong.

Public Act,

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Child which shall be born a Bastard in any Parish, Township, or Place, during the Mother's Residence therein, under the Authority of this Act, shall have and be deemed to have the same Settlement which the Mother has or is entitled unto at the Time of the Birth of such Child; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Township, or Place, shall have been put to any QHarge in the maintaining any Person or Persons, or their Families, residing in such Parish, Township, or Place, under the Authority of this Act, or in removing any Person or Persons back to the Place to which he, she. or they shall belong, after he, she, or they shall have become actually chargeable, or asked Relief as aforesaid, such Overseers shall from Time to Time be reimbursed such reasonable Charges by the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, to which such Person or Persons shall belong, the said Charges being first ascertained and allowed of by one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near the Place where such Charges shall be incurred; to be levied, in case of Retufal of Payment, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Overseers of the Poor as last aforesaid, by Warrant or Warrants, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices, returning the Overplus, if any there be; which Warrant or Warrants he or they is and are hereby required to grant.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed a Publick Act; and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. LV.

An Act to authome Justices of the Peace to impose Fines upon Constables, Overseers, and other Peace or Parish Officers, for Neglect: of Duty, and on Masters of Apprentices for ill Usage of such their Apprentices, and also to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted by Magistrates.

[21st June 1793.]

Justices may impose Fines upon Confta-ties, &c. for Neglect of Duty, a»d on M ifters for ill Usage of Apprentices.

Application of Fine?.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions,

For Want of D ft re Is, Offen-deta may be committed*

WHEREAS it is expedient to give further Powers to Justices of the Peace to impose Fines upon Overseers of the Poor, Constables, and other Peace and Parish Officers, within their respective Ju- rifdiclions, for Neglect of Duty in such their respective Offices, or for Disobedience of the Warrants or Orders of such Justices; and it is also expedient to impower Justices to impose Fines upon Masters of Apprentices for ill Usage of such their Apprentices, and also to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted by Magistrates May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the lUthority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, assembled at any Special or Petty Sessions of the Peace, upon Complaint being made upon Oath before them, of any Neglect of Duty, or of any Disobedience of any lawful Warrant or Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace by any Constable, Overseer of the Poor, or other Peace or Parish Officer, or upon Complaint made to such two or more Justices upon Oath, by or on the Behalf of any Apprentice to any Trade or Business whatsoever, whether bound Apprentice by any Parish or Township or otherwise, provided that not more than the Sum of ten Pounds be paid upon the binding of such Apprentice, against his or her Master or Mif-tress, of any ill Usage of such Apprentice by such Master or Mistress, (such Constable, Overseer, or other Officer, Master, or Mistress, having been duly summoned to appear and answer such Charge or Complaint,) to impose upon Conviction any reasonable Fine or Fines, not exceeding the Sum of lorty Shillings, upon such Constable, Overseer, or other Officer, Master 01 Mistress respectively, as a i unishment for such Disobedience, Neglect of Duty, or ill Usage and by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of such Justices assembled, at any such Special or Petty Sessions as aforesaid, todireft such Fine or Fines, if not paid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Amount of such Fine or Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to such Offender or Offenders; and such Fine or Fines which may be imposed upon any such Constable, Overseer, or other Officer as aforesaid, shall be applied and disposed of for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, where the Offenders shall respectively reside, at the Discretion of the Justices imposing the same, and such Fine or Fines, which may be imposed upon any such Master or Mistress, shall, at the Discretion of the Justices imposing the same, be either so applied and disposed of as aforesaid, or be otherwise paid and applied to or for the Use and Benefit of such Apprentice, for or towards a Recompence or Compensation for the Injury which may have been by him or her sustained by reason of such ill Usage as aforesaid; and if any Person shall be aggrieved by the imposition of such Fine or Fines as aforesaid, or by any Order or Warrant of Disticis for railing and levying the same, or by the Judgement or Determination of the said Justices, or by any Act to be done in the Execution of such Warrant of Distress, such Person or Persons so aggrieved shall and may appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding, or Division, within which such Person shall reside, of which Appeal ten Days Notice at the least shall be given; and for Want of such Distress, such Person or Persons shall be committed to the House of Correction for any Space of Time not exceeding ten Days.

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 55, 56. 395

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person acting under any such Warrant of Distress as aforesaid shall be deemed a Trespasser ab initio, by reason of any irregularity or Informality in such Warrant, or in any Proceedings thereon, but any Person aggrieved by the iflliing or Execution of such Warrant may recover the Special Damages thereby by him or her fuftarned, in an Act! on of Trespass, or on the Case, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record.

III. And whereas Warrants of Distress granted by Justices of the Peace are in many Instances ineffec- tual, by reason of the Goods and Chattels of the Persons against whom such Warrants are granted being out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice granting the same Be it therefore further enacted, That in all Cases where any Penalty, Forfeiture, Fine, or other Money, may by the Warrant of any Justice or Justices of the Peace be directed to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons, if sufficient Distress cannot be found within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Justice granting such Warrant of Distress, on Oath thereof made by one Witness, before any Justice of the Peace of any other County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Place, (which Oath shall be by him certified by In-dorP-ment on such Warrant,) such Penalty, Forfeiture, Fine, or other Money, or so much thereof as may not have been before levied or paid, shall and may, by virtue of such W arrant and Indorsement, be raised and levied by the Person or Persons to whom such Warrant of Distress shall have been originally directed, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, in such other County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Place; and the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be applied and disposed of for such Purposes, and in like Manner, as if sufficient Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons had been found within the Jurisdiction of the Magistrate originally granting such Warrant j and if no such Distress can be found, such Offender or Offenders shall and may be forthwith proceeded against according to Law: Provided always, That no Justice who shall indorse any Certificate upon, or authorize the Execution of any such Warrant of Distress which may not have been granted within his Jurisdiction, shall be answerable or accountable for any Irregularity which may have been committed or done in or about the obtaining or granting of such Warrant of Distress.

Juiifdi&iom, not to be 2nf\verable for any Irregularity in

No Persons to be deemed T ef-p a fliers on Account of Irregularity in Proceedings, &c.

Where Distress cannot be lound in the Jurisdicti»>n of Justices granting Warrants, it may be levied in any other Place*

Justices authorizing the Execution of War-rantsnot granted within their obtaining the m*

CAP. LVI.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback, and Payment of the Bounty, on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in Foreign Ships \ and for reducing the Bounty on Refined Sugars, exported in any other than British Ships.

[17th June 1793.]

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback, and Payment of the Bounty, on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, certain Restrictions are provided respecting the Allowance and Payment of Drawbacks on the Exportation of raw Sugar, and of Bounties on the Exportation of refined Sugar from Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient that in consequence of the present War with France, Provisions should be made respecting the Periods at which the average Prices of the Sugar shall be taken; and also the Prices which shall regulate the Allowance and Payment of the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of raw and refined Sugars may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if, on the twenty-third Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, the average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, taken in th» Manner directed by the said recited Act, for the six Weeks preceding, shall not exceed sixty-five Shillings for an Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duty of Customs paid or payable thereon on the Importation thereof into Great Britain, that then and in such Case the Drawback and Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar shall be paid and allowed; and if, on the twenty-third Days of August, October, and February following, the average Price of such Sugar, taken as aforesaid, for each of the six Weeks preceding those respective Periods, shall not exceed sixty Shillings for an Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duty of Customs paid or payable thereon on the Importation thereof into Great Britain; that then and in such Case the Drawback and Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar shall continue to be paid and allowed, any T hing in the said recited Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Bounty due and payable on the Exportation from this Kingdom of refined Sugar produced from Muscovado Sugar, imported from the Briti/i) Plantations in America, shall be allowed and paid for all such Sugar as shall have been shipped under the Authority of the said recited Act, or may hereafter be shipped by virtue of this Act, within the respective Periods mentioned in the said recited Act or this Act, although such Sugar shall not be or shall not have been exported until after the Expiration of such respective Periods.

3* Geo. Iir. Cap. 43. recited*

39®

per Cwt. left than the Bounty to be for refined Su*ar exported in any other Chan Bii-..liih Vaflcli,

>9 Geo. III.

« p. $S, recited.

In place of Sixpence, irrposed by the recited Act, only three Halfpence per 'Week per Hogs-h« act to be p* id for Warehouse Room.

He Ited Act not to autn r *e the Sale *f vrare-housed Tobacco fr Paymen of the Duties un-leis n t cleared in three Veara.

C. 56, 57. Anno tricesimo tertio Geo it on III. A.D. 1793.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on the Exportation from this Kingdom of any refined Sugar in any other than a British Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, there shall be paid and allowed one Shilling less Bounty for each and every Hundred Weight of such Sugar so exported, than if the same had been exported in a British Ship or Vessel, so owned, navigated, and registered, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for the better Regulation of warehoused Tobacco, and for permitting certain Tobacco of the Spanish Dominions to be admitted to Entry on the Payment of the British Plantation Duty.

[17th June 1793.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, it is among other Things enacted, That the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the

Time being, or any four or more of them, and the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the

Time being, or any three or more of them, should, and they respectively are thereby authorized and re- quired, out of any of the Duties or Revenues of Customs under their Management respectively, to provide from Time to Time such Warehouse and Warehouses as they respectively should deem requisite and necessary for depositing, lodging, and securing the rein, all such Tobacco as should be imported according to the Directions of the said Act; and in the said Act it is provided and enabled. That the Proprietor or Proprietors of unmanufactured Tobacco should pay \V arehouse Rent, after the Rate of Sixpence per Week for each and every Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case, of such Tobacco as should remain in such Ware- house or Warehouses after the Ex pi ration of eighteen Months, to be computed from the Day on which the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Tobacco, should have made his or their Entry thereof, according to the Directions of the said Act: And whereas it is expedient,

that instead and in lieu of the said Warehouse Rent, of Sixpence per Week for each and every Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, of unmanufactured Tobacco, to be paid in pursuance of the said Act, the Sum of three Halfpence per Week only shall in future be paid for each and every such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case \ be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, instead and in lieu of Sixpence per Week, to be paid by any Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, for each and every Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case of unmanufactured Tobacco, now or hereafter to be warehoused pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, the Sum Only of three Halfpence per Week, for each and every such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case of such Tobacco, and no more, shall be paid by them, or either of them.

II. And whereas by the said recited Act, it was among other Things also enacted, That if the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees, of any Tobacco which should be deposited in any Warehouse provided according to the Directions of the said Act, should omit, neglect, or refuse to clear or take any Tobacco from or out of any such Warehouse, within twenty-four Months, to be computed from the Day on which the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of such Tobacco should have made their Entries thereof in Writing, according to the Directions of the said Act, or should omit, neglect, or rcfule to pay or clear off any of the Duties imposed or payable for or in respect of such Tobacco within such twenty-four Months, it should be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or more of them, and for the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, and for the Commissioners of the Excise in England and Scotland respiectively, or the major Part of them respectively for the Time being, to cause all such Tobacco to be publickly sold to the best Bidder: And whereas, for the Promotion and Encouragement of the Tobacco Trade, it is expedient, that the Term for keeping Tobacco in the said Warehouses should be extended be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said recited Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize the Sale of any Tobacco towards satisfying the Duties thereby imposed, unless the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee of such Tobacco, shall omit, neglect, or refuse to clear or take such Tobacco from or out of any Warehouse or Warehouses, in which the same shall have been, or may hereafter be deposited, lodged, or secured, within three Years, to be computed from the Day on which the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee of such Tobacco, should or ought to have made his, her, or their Entry thereof in W ruing, according to the Directions of the said recited Act.

III. And whereas by the said recited Act it was also enacted, That the Importers, Proprietors, or Con- signecs of any Tobacco deposited in any Warehouse provided according to the Directions of the said Act, should forthwith separaieali the damaged and mean Tobacco, for which they respectively should refuse to pay the Duties by the said Act imposed, from the RcTidue of such Tobacco: And whereas it is expedient that the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of any such Tobacco, should be permitted and allowed in like Manner to separate all the damaged and mean Tobaccoffrom the Residue of such Tobacco, previous

so weighing such Tobacco, cither for Exportation or for Home Trade, Consumption, or ATanufacture

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 57, 58. 397

The damaged Par* may be fe* partied, when warehoused Tobacco is brought to be weighed for Exportation or Home Con- fumptiuo, &c.

be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of any Tobacco which now is or shall be deposited, lodged, or secured in any Warehouse provided according to the Directions of the said recited Act, to separate all the damaged and mean Tobacco, for which they rLlpeftively shall refuse to pay the Duties imposed by the said Act, from the Residue of such Tobacco, upon such Tobacco being brought to the Scale to be weighed, and previous to the weighing such Tobacco according to the Directions of the said Act, either for Exportation, or for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture; and that all the damaged and mean Tobacco which shall be so separated from the Residue of such Tobacco, shall be forthwith given up to the proper Officers of Customs and Excise, to be by them burnt and destroyed, and the Residue of such Tobacco, after the Separation as aforesaid of all the damaged and mean Tobacco, shall be weighed and delivered either for Exportation, or for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, as the Case may be, upon the Payment of such Duties, and subject and liable to all the Rules, Conditions, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures to which any such Tobacco is by Law now subject and liable, any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas a Cargo of Tobacco, the Produce of West Florida, was, in or about the Month of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, brought on board a SpaniJJj Ship or Vessel, called the San Juan Baptijia^fxoco New Orleans into the Port of Plymouth, in the County of Devon: And where as Application was made to the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury,

setting forth that the said Cargo was originally intended for Nantz, in the Kingdom of France \ but on Account of Hostilities between Spain and that Country, the same was brought into the Port of Plymouth,

with a Request that the said Cargo might be admitted to an Entry in this Kingdom as Tobacco imported from the Countries belonging to the United States of America: And whereas, in consideration of the aforesaid Circumstance, the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury di- reefed that the said Cargo should be admitted to Entry on Payment of the Duty of one Shilling and Three- pence per Pound Weight, being the Duty payable on Tobacco of the Growth or Production of his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Elands, or Territories in America, or the United States of America, on Condition that Security should be given to his Majesty for the Payment of the Duty of three Shillings and Six- pence per Pound Weight on the said Tobacco, unless Provision should be made by Parliament for admit- ting the same at a lower Duty, and Security has been given by Bond accordingly: And whereas it is expedient that Relief should be given in this Case \ be it therefore enacted By the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bond so given shall be cancelled, and that so much of the said Cargo as consists of unmanufactured Tobacco, shall, upon the Delivery thereof for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, be admitted to Entry on Payment of the same Duties of Customs and Excile as are due and payable on Tobacco of the Growth or Production of the United States of America, or be delivered for Exportation in like Manner as-Tobacco of the Growth or Production of the said United States, may now, by Law, be so delivered; and that the Remainder of the said Cargo, being manufactured Tobacco, shall be delivered free of Duty, on due Entry being made for Exportation thereof to the Port of Hamburgh; and that all the said Tobacco, upon the Delivery thereof either lor Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, or for Exportation, as the Case

may be, shall be subject and liable to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures __________

to which Tobacco of the Growth or Production of the United States of America is now by Law subject ▼cred Duty-free and liable. for Exportation

' to Hamburgh.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect any Regulations Not to affect any-

contained in any Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament for the Deposit of Tobacco, on the Security Regulation! for whereof any Exchequer Bills shall be lent in pursuance of such Acts. Dcpofu of To-

bacco, on which Exchequer Bill! shall be lcnfc»

The unmanufactured Tobic-co, b» ught in the San Juan Baptisla, to be admitted t> Entry, or delivered for Exportation, Ti bacco of the United States of America j and the manufactured to be deIt—

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to allow to Ships carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery to the North of the Kquator, the same Premium as they are now entitled to if they do not pass the Equator.

[17th June 1793.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery; and by another Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (or the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fiftiery, and for mating further Provisions Jor that Purpose; it is enacted, among other Things, That it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel employed in carrying on the said Southern Whale Fishery, in the Pacific k Ocean to the West ward of Cape Horn, or through the Streights of Alagellan, to fail and pass as far as the Equator Northward, and as far as one hundred and eighty Degrees of Longitude West from London, and no further: And whereas by an Act, pasted in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing in the East India Company^ for a further Term, the Possession of the Bniifh Territories in India, together with their cxdufrve Trade, under certain Limitations \ for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same $ for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for making Provision forgthee goad QrtLr and Government of the Towns £/* Calcutta* Madras, and Bombay j it is enacted, among other

26 Geo. III. Cap. 501 28 Geo. III. Cap. ao$ tad'

33 Geo. III. Cap. 51, recited.

39*

For Ships cleared out for the Southern Whale Fishery since J<n. i, 1793, >*hich shall pass into ti e Pacifick Ocean by Cape Horn, and to the Northward of the Equator, the same Premiums to be paid as if they had not parted the Equator.

31 Geo. III. Cap. 1. recited.

31 Geo. III. Cap. 49.

Additional Duties imposed by recited Act on Spirits imported into Great Britain, continued

to April 5,1795"

C. 58, 59. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Things, That, during the Continuance of the vyfr&le, foie, and exclusive Trade, granted by the said last- mentioned Act to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, it shall and may be lawful for any such Ship or Vessel employed in carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery, under and by virtue of the said Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth and twenty-eighth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, to fail or pass into the Pacifick Ocean by Cape Horn to the Northward of the Equator, and as far to the Westward as one hundred and eighty Degrees of Longitude from London \ be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be paid and allowed to the Owner or Owners of any such Ship or Vessel which shall have fitted and cleared out since the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, or which shall hereafter clear but for the carrying on the said Fishery, and which shall pass into the Pacifick Ocean by Cape Horny and to the Northward of the Equator, subject to the Rules and Regulations in the said A6is required,

the same Premium or Premiums that such Ship or Vessel would luve been entitled to if such Ship or Vessel failing into the Pacifick Ocean by Cape Horn had passed no further North than the Equator, under and by virtue of the aforesaid Acts passed in the twenty-sixth and twenty-eighth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and also another Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland, and Southern Whale Fisheries.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to continue certain Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits imported into this Kingdom, for a limited Time; and also for continuing certain Laws of Excise therein mentioned.

[17th June 1793.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-first: Year of the Reign of your present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majfiy additional Duties upon IVorts, Wajhy and other Liquors, brewed or made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; upon Spirits made in Scotland and itnported into England; and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain j and to continue certain Acts " for diseontimangy for a limited Timey the fiveral Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wafl)y and other Liquor sy there ufid in the Dif illation of Spirit s9 and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of Bnt\{!t\-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland /<? England and to continucy for a limited Ti?ne9 an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Alajfy, 44 to discontinue, for a limited Timey the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Heme Conjunction, and fGr granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vit&y 4 imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, over and above all Duties then imposed for or in respect thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise therein mentioned and expressed;

and it was by the said Act further enacted, That all the Monies arising or to arise by the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act, and paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, should, together with such other Rates and Duties as should be (and which were) granted by certain Acts of the then Session of Parliament for that Purpose, he a Fund for the Payment and Discharge of the principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills,

in pursuance of any Act of the same Session of Parliament, and which were raised by Exchequer Bills in pursuance of an Act of the same Session, intituled, An Act for rafing a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for defraying the Publick Expences occassioned by the Augmentation of his Alajcjlfs Forces in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety, together with such Interest as should by the said Act be di- reded to be paid or made payable for the said principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and that upon Payment of the said principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and all Interest to become due thereon, or reserving at the said Receipt of Exchequer, so much Money out of the said Fund to be established as aforesaid, as should be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the said principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and all Interest as aforesaid, and Publication thereof in the Manner to be directed by such Act of the same Session of Parliament as aforesaid, the said Rates and Duties by the said recited Act imposed should from thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable: And whereas the said Rates and Duties on Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain as aforesaid, will shortly expire in pursuance of the said recited Acts, and it is expedient to continue the same for a limited Time 5* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said additional Rates and Duties of Excise for or in respect of Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or AquaVitcty imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain imposed by the said recited Act first above mentioned, shall continue, and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, until and upon the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, any

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 59. 399

Thing rri the said recited Acts Contained, or any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Duties hereby continued shall, severally and respectively, be paid and payable by such Pci Ions, at such Times, and in such Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the said Duties were severally and respectively payable by Law under or by virtue of the said several Acts, or any of them, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Parts of the said reccited Ad, for raising a Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, requiring the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to issue their or his Orders to the respective Commissioners of Excile, for the Determination of the said Duties hereby continued as aforesaid, and all Directions for the Publication thereof, as far as the same relate to the said Duties, shall be and they are hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies from Time to Time arising by the several Rates and Duties by this Act continued, the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted, when and as the same respectively shall take Effect by virtue of this Act, shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from each other, and from all other Branches of the Publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arifulg from the said" Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties of Excise, which were, _____

by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the several by27 Geo^m. Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof imposed for a limited Time for or in Cap. 13. on respect of fermented Wort or Walh, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the {hme; and for or in respect of Cyder or Perry, or other Wa{h or Liquor brewed or made as aforesaid, from any Sort or Kind of BritiJ)> Materials, except such as are before mentioned, or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; and for or in respect: of fermented Wort or Wath, brewed or made as aforesaid from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; and for or in respect of Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from Foreign refused Wine or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and which were, by several Acts made in the twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirtieth, and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, continued until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall be, and the same are hereby severally and respectively further continued from the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and the said last mentioned Duties shall severally and respectively be paid and payable, by the several and respective Makers and Distillers of such Wort, Walh, Cyder, Perry, or other Liquor respectively, at such Times, and in such Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as the said Duties, by the said Act imposed and hereby continued, were severally and respectively payable by Law, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act.

V. And whereas certain Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures were, by an Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, provided, settled,

and established for the Manufacture of Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, established at Maid- stone, in the County of Kent, by George Bishop of that Place, and certain Duties were, by the said Act, and by another Act made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, imposed on the said George Bishop, for and in respect of Walh produced by him from Malt or other Corn: And whereas the said George Bishop is lately dead, and Sir William Bishop Knight, George Bishop, and Argles Bijloop are become possessed of the Distillery and Premises in which the said George Bishop deceased carried on the Manufac- ture of such Maidstone Geneva, at Maidstone aforesaid, and the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop are desirous to carry on the Manufacture of, and to make Spirits commonly called Maiiljhne Geneva, in the said Distillery and Premises at Mahstone aforesaid, under and subject to the likd Duties,

Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures as the said Georg* Bifloop de-

P.irt of 31 Geo. III. Cap. 49. rrfpf&ing the Determination of the Duties, repealed.

Monies to bfr paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the Cunfolidated Fund.

Duties imposed

Wash brewed in England for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, continued to July 5, ,79S*

and may be lawful to and for the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, possessed of the said Distillery and Premises, to carry on the Manufacture of, and to make Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, in the said Distillery and Premises at Maidstone aforesaid, until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, under and subject to the like Duties as were imposed on the said George Bishop deceased, by the said Acts of the twenty-eighth and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his said Majesty.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties shall be raised, levied, and collected under such Management, and shall be paid by the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, under and subject to all and Angular the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained, provided,

tinuc to make Maidstone Geneva till July 5» 1795, subject to the Duties imposed on the late George Bishop.

[Rules established for George Bishop, to extend to Sir William Bishop and Company.]

400 C. 59 - 61. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

settled, or established for the said George Bishop deceased, in or by any Law or Laws in force immediately before the Death of the said George Bishop deceased, relating to the Manufacture or making of such Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva; and all and Angular the said Duties, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall be, and the same are hereby re- enabled and declared to extend to the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, carrying on the Manufacture of and making such Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, at Maidstone aforesaid, and the same respectively shall be applied, practised, used, and put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and securing the said Duties, and for preventing, detecting, and punching Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and Angular the said Duties, Powers, Authorities,

Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures had been expressly inserted and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, for and in respect of the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, carrying on the Manufacture of and making such Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, at Maidstone aforesaid.

---

CAP. LX.

An Act to enable the Postmaster General to send the Mail to the Dominions of his Catholick Majesty, on Board of any Vessels authorised by his Catholick Majesty to carry the same.

[17th June 1793.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled,

[9 Annae, Cap. 10.

An Act for establishing a General Post-Office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the Wand other her Majesty's Occasions; it is provided, That if the Packet or Mail shall be carried out of Great Britain into any Port or Place beyond the Seas in any Ship or Vessel which is not a free Ship, and navigated with such Seamen as by the Laws of this Land the same are required to be, that then, and in every such Case, the Postmaster General for the Time being shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling, the one Moiety to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in such Manner as therein is mentioned: And whereas it is in contemplation to establish Packet Boats between the Port of Falmouth in England and Corunna in Spain, for the Port of Letters, Packets, and Parcels of Goods, to or from his Majesty's Dominions, and the Dominions of his Catholick Majesty; and it will tend much to the Convenience of Trade and Commerce between the two Kingdoms, if his Majesty's Postmaster General shall be permitted to send the Packet or Mail by Packet Boats, authorised and appointed by his Catholick Majesty, whenever he shall see Occasion; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The Postmaster General may send the Mail to Spain by any Ships belonging to his Catholick Majesty.]

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Postmaster General for the Time being, or Persons holding the Office of Postmaster General, and he and they are hereby authorised and impowered from Time to Time, and as often as he or they shall see Occasion, to send the Packet or Mail intended for the Dominions of his Catholick Majesty from Falmouth aforesaid, by any Ship or Vessel belonging to his said Catholick Majesty, and duly authorised and employed by him, for the Purpose of carrying Packets or Mails between the two Countries; any Thing in the said herein-before recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited Time.

[17th June 1793.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Spirits made for Sale and Consumption in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, should be made, certified, and compounded, under certain Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions herein after in that Behalf provided; and that the federal Duties of Excise following should be imposed may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[From July 5, 1793

That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, there shall be raised, lowing Duties of levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succdfors, the several Duties of Excise herein after Excise ro be paid mentioned; (that is to say,)

i-i Scotland:

For each Gallon For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Menfure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and of the Contents every Still (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus of therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as

/except^as here- the Steam can ascend) which shall be used or employed for the making or distilling of Low Wines or

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 6r.

Spirits from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, other than and except such Counties and Districts of the Highlands as are herein after particularly specified, described, and enumerated, and for which Counties and Districts other Provisions are herein after made, there shall be charged the annual Sum of nine Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend) which shall be ilfed or employed in any Part or Place in Scotland for the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits from MclalTts or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, the annual Sum of fifteen Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend) which shall be used or employed in any Part or Place in Scotland^ for the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits from Foreign refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials (except Melaftes and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, the annual Sum of eighteen Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English) Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend) which shall be used or employed in any Part or Place in Scotland, for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spirits or Strong Waters, the annual Sum of nine Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatever shall, by him, her, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatever employed by him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Use or Benefit, ereCf, set up, use, employ, or work, any Still or Stills for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits from Malt, Corn, or any Kind of British Materials aforesaid, in such Parts of Scotland respectively as are herein mentioned, or for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits from Sugar or Melaftes, or any Foreign refused Wine, or other Foreign Materials, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spirits in any Part of Scotland aforesaid, without first taking out a Licence or Licences for that Purpose, in the Manner mentioned and directed in and by an Act made and passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for discontimiinfor a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low tVihes and Spirits, and upon IVorts, Jrash, and other Liquors there used in the D/Jlillation of Spirits, and for granting to Lis Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of British-? made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act ? made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, 44 to discontinue Jor a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption; and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu therctf; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Impojls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies;" and which Licences shall severally be granted by the respective Persons, and in the Manner directed by the said Act; and the Persons to whom the same shall be respectively granted shall be subject and liable to all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, Forfeitures and Penalties contained and provided in and by the said Act, relative to Licences therein mentioned, except where the same shall be expressly altered by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Forfeitures and Penalties, Clauses, Matters and Things, contained and provided in and by the said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty, relative to Licences therein mentioned, and for raising, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing, the Rates or Duties imposed by the said last mentioned Act, and for preventing, detecting, and punching Frauds relating thereto, except where the same shall be expressly altered by this Act, shall be and continue in full Force, and shall be extended and be duly oblbrved, practised, applied, and put in Execution, in and for the granting Licences under this Act, to all and every Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, and in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and securing the said Rates and Duties, and for recovering the Penalties by this Act granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Forfeitures, Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been expressly inserted and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon or previous to the granting of any such Licence, the Person or Persons applying for the same shall, before he, she, or they shall be entitled to such Licence, pay down in Advance, in ready Money, to the proper Officer of Excise appointed to receive the same, One fourth of the annual Duty by this Act imposed, for or in respect of his, her, or their Still or Stills specified in such Licence, from the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety three, to the tenth Day of October following; and shall, on or before the said tenth Day of October\ and so afterwards at oc

401

in-after specified), where British Materials are used, 9 I. annually:

For each Gallon, where M> laffes or Sugar are used, 15 I.; and

where other Foreign Materials are used, 18 1.

For each Gallon of ie£\iiying Stills, 9).

No Person to £rest or work, a S ill, without t»Ling out a Licence according to

*8 Geo. nr.

Cap. 46.

Power! of 2$

Geo. III. Cap. 46. to extend 10 this Act,

Dufjr to be raid in Adrance by Instalmentf,

402

No Licence so be Grant'd till Security be given for Payment of Duty.

No Licence to be granted for a Walb Still which shall not be of the Content less than 51 Gal Ions, nor unless a Low Wine Still be licensed with 5

nor to aRefli-fier for a Still which shall not be of the Content less than 20 Gallons.

Stills licensed for making Spirits from British Materials not to be used for making them from Melasses, ,ice. on Penalty Of 200 1,

Stills licensed for distilling of Waft* or for rectifying of Spirits, not to be used for compounding, &c. on Penalty of doo I.

First Licences to be in force till October 10, 1704. and afterwards for one Year.

No Licence to be granted to Compounders, &c. for Stills for distilling or refli-tying, &c. Penalty for carrying on Trade at a Distiller and a Common Brewer at the same Time.

Fresh Licences to be taken out ten Days before October 10, *794, and re-imrcd yearly.

C. 6r. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

before the End of every two Months, pay down, in ready Money in Advance, a sixth Part of the yearly Duty payable by this Act in respect of such Licence, until the Whole thereof shall be fully paid, over and above the Sum paid in Advance at the Time of granting/uch Licence. ' 'j

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Licence shall be granted to any Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Refiner or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, until he, she, or they respectively shall have found Security, by Bond, to his Majesty^ in the penal Sum of one hundred Pounds, with at least one sufficient Surety to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or proper Collector of Excise, that he, she, or they shall make due and regular Payment of the whole annual Duty by this Act imposed, on the Capacity or Content of their Still or Stills, so to be licensed as aforesaid, at the Time and Times, and in the Manner herein-before mentioned and directed* without any Allowance, Abatement, or Deduction, on Account of any Loss, Accident, or Interruption that may happen during the Currency or Period of such Licence, except in or through ruction of the Distillery and total Stoppage of the Work by Fire, or as is herein after, or in the said Act? excepted. and provided.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful ta grant any such Licence to any Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Spirits, for or in respect of any \Va(h Still which shall not, in the Body thereof, and exclusive of the Head, be of the Content or Capacity less than fifty-two Gallons Englifl) Wine Measure; nor shall it be lawful to grant any such Licence, for or in respect of any Wash Still whatever, unless there shall at the same Time be licensed therewith a Low Wine Still of a Content or Capacity in the Body thereof, exclusive of the Head, not less than one fourth Part of the Contents or Capacity of such Wash Still.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to grant any such Licence to any Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, foi or in respect of any Still for rectifying, compounding, or mixing, which shall not, in the Body thereof, and exclusive of the Head, be of the Content or Capacity less than twenty Gallons English Wine Measure.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no licensed Distiller shall use his or her Still or Stills, licensed for the diddling or making of Low Wines or Spirits from Corn,.Grain,

Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials* in or for the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses or Sugar, or in or for the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Foreign refused Wines, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials; and that no licensed Distiller shall use his or her Still or Stills, licensed for the distilling or making of Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses or Sugar, in or for the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Foreign refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials; and if any Distiller shall make use of his or her Still or Stills, or any of them, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the foregoing Provision, he or she, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and Iofe the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Still, licensed for the distilling of Wash or Low Wines, or for the rectifying of Spirits, shall be made use of in or for the compounding or mixing of Spirits; and that no Still, licensed for the compounding or mixing of Spirits, shall be made use of in or for the distilling of Wash or Low Wines, or for the rectifying of Spirits, on Pain to forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Licence to be first granted by virtue of this Act to any Distillers, Rectifiers, or Compounders of Spirits, shall be and continue in force from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and for no longer or shorter Period; and every such Licence to be afterwards granted by virtue of this Act, shall be and continue in force from the tenth Day of October yearly for one Year and for no longer or shorter Period.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to grant to any Compounder of Spirits, or to any Common Brewer or Victualler, in that Part of Great Britain caliec}

Scotland, any Licence for working, erecting, or keeping of any Still or Stills for the distilling of Wash,

Low Wines, or Spirits, or for the rectifying of Spirits, so long as he, she, or they doth or shall continue to carry on, or to be concerned in the Business of a Compounder of Spirits, or Common Brewer, or Victualler, for brewing or felling of Beer or Ale in Scotland; and if any Person or Persons shall, at one and the same Time, carry on, or be directly or indirectly concerned in the Trade or Business of a Distiller or Rectifier with that of a Compounder of Spirits, or of a Common Brewer or Victualler, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Perftms who shall take out any such first Licence as aforesaid, for distilling, rectifying, or compounding of Spirits in Scotland, is and are hereby required to take out a fresh Licence, ten Days at least before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, before he, she, or they shall presume to continue to distil, rectify,

or compound any Spirits or Strong Waters, and in the same Manner to renew every such Licence afterwards,

C. 6r.

4°3

Penalty for dlf-tilling without Licence.

One Licence sufficient f.;r i P^rtncrship, but to au'hotlz; working only in the House for which granitd.

In case of IrfoI~ vency, Dea'h, &c. the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland may authorize the Trade to be CJrried on, for the Remainder of the' L'cence, by the Assignees, &c.

but if they are

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 6r.

wards, from Year to Year, under the same Terms* Conditions, Rules, and Regulations with respect to every new or renewed Licence, as is by this Act required for the first: Licence, except as to the Period between the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred-find ninety-three, and the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and niney-four, herein-before mentioned; and that if any Person or Persons shall, after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, presume or offer to distil, rectify, or compound any Spirits or Strong Waters in Scotland, without first taking out such Licence, and renewing the same yearly in Manner aforesaid, he, she, or they shall respectively forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Persons in Partnership, and carrying on such Trade and Business as aforesaid, in one House or Place only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one such Licence in any one Year, for carrying on such Trade, and that no one Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, shall authorize or impower any Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted, to distil any Low Wines or Spirits, or to distil, rectify, or compound any Spirits or Strong Waters in or at any other House or Place than the Houses or Places wherein he, she, or they did begin to distil, rectify, or compound Low Wines or Spiiits at the Time of receiving his, her, or their Licence or Licences, and whereof Entry in Writing shall be made at the next Office of Excise, in the Name or Names of such Person or Persons, at the Time of granting such Licences.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Insolvency, Bankruptcy, or Death of any Person so licensed as a Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder of Low Wines or Spirits, or upon the Removal of any Person or Persons so licensed from the entered House or Premises in which his, her, or their Licence shall authorize him, her, or them to distil, rectify, or compound Low Wines or Spirits, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being, and to and for the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in Scotland, within their respective Collections and Districts, to authorize and empower the Assignees of such Insolvent, or Factor or Factors, Trustee or Trustees of such Bankrupt on his sequestrated Estate, or the Executors or Administrators, or the Wife, Child, or lawful Heir of such deceased Person, or the Assignee or Assigns of any such Person so removing, who shall be possessed of such House or Premises, in like Manner to distil, rectify, or compound Spirits in the same entered House or Premises where such Person, so licensed by virtue of such Licence, carried on such Trade, during the Residue of the Term for which such Licence was originally granted, without taking out a new Licence during the Residue of the said Term, but subject to and under the same Terms, Conditions, Rules, and Regulations as the Person or Persons to whom such Licence was originally granted: Provided always, That if the said Assignees, Factors, or Trustees, or the Executors or Administrators, or the Wife, Child, or lawful Heir of dc£ir0"! of such deceased Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder, shall not be desirous of working such Still or Stills, such ,ift8be givenTo Person or Persons shall, within one Month after such Insolvency, Bankruptcy, or Death, signify the same in the officer of Writing to the proper Supervisor, or Officer of Excile of the Dilution or District within which such Still or Excise, &c. Stills shall be situated, and shall, at the same Time, deposit with such Officer the Head or Heads belonging to such Still or Stills, and also such of the Utensils belonging thereto as such Supervisor or Officer shall select, in order to render such Still or Stills incapable of being used; and such Still or Stills shall not be again used until a new Licence shall be granted for that Purpose, and the Duty which would have become due for the unexpired Term of the subsisting Licence, to be computed from the Time of giving such Notice as aforesaid, shall cease; and if any such Person shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice, or to deposit the Head or Heads, and such of the Utensils of such Still or Stills as is herein-before mentioned and directed, every such Person for every such Neglect or Refusal, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the making unto Allowance to

the Compounders of Spirits in Scotland a fair Allowance for that Increase by Water, Sugar, Syrup, or Fruit, Compounders for which is necessary to render their Spirits fit for Consumption, there shall be allowed Permits for the fending i"crear‘ hv out any Number of Gallons, not exceeding the Rate or Proportion of one hundred and thirty Gallons of &c*

compound Spirits, for everyone hundred Gallons of raw or rectified British Spirits, which they respectively shall have received, with authentick Certificate or Certificates from any Distiller or Rectifier of British Spirits, of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Compounder or Compounders of Compounder* Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall fell or send out any British Compounds of any ,|able to greater or higher Degree of Strength than that of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof; and if any such Com- ^irtestf8 pounder or Compounders shall fell or send out any British Compounds of any greater or higher Degree of g^ejte^SuVgth Strength than that of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof, all such British Compounds, together with the than 1 in 6 un-Casks or Vessels containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Offi- dei Hydrometer cers of Excise.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any licensed Distiller or Rectifier, or his or her Clerk or Agent, shall fell, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to any Compounder, Dealer, or Retailer, any Certificate or Certificates by him or her subscribed as in the said Act is mentioned, for the Purpose of conveying or protecting any Spirits in their Removal from the Stock or Possession of any such Compounder* Dealer or Retailer, or other Person than such licensed Distiller or Rectifier; or if any Person or Persons whatever shall make use of any such Certificate or Certificates, except for the Purpose of conveying or protecting raw or unreftified Spirits in their first Removal from the Place of Manufacture, or plain rectified Spirits, unmixed and uncompounded, in their first Removal from the Place where they were actually rectified, every such Distiller, Rectifier, or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and

Penalty for neglecting so give such Notice,&c.

Proof.

Penalty for gir-ing Certificate* ro protest the illegal Removal of Stock of Compounders. Penalty for illegally using Certificates.

404

Dutiea granted determined by a£u now in lc»r.: u oi> l.o#f Win<‘, &c tn r.i-afe !r*:m ]o-ly

S. «79J.

Licence granted hetoie July 5, 1793, to k«ai-fists, «o rcafe on that Djy.

25 Geo. III. Cap. 22. rtdie«J \

and from Dec*

1, 1793,the Duty imposed on Licences by that to ceale.

Trom D 'c. j, 1793, l^e Commissioners of Exc-fe in Scotland may grant annual Licences within ce tain Highland Counties, for {Milling Corn Spirits, and for disposing of the same, on certain Conditions.

Power! of 1 aR: recited Act, un-lets hereby altered, to extend to this Act*

TJo I licence to be granted in certain Lira ts

C. 61. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

lose the Sum of fifty Pounds, together with all such Spirits and the Package thereof, which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates and Duties granted and impoied by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, upon Low Wines or Spirits for Home Consumption, or upon Worts, Walh, and other Liquors used in Scotland, in the Distillation of Spirits, and upon any Licence required to be taken by any Distiller or Maker of Spirits from Corn, Malt, or other Materials, or by any Reftifieror Compounder of Spirits in Scotland, (save only and except any Arrears now due ih respect of such Rates or Duties,) shall be discontinued from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, all Licences which, before the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall have been granted by the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland\ or by the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in Scotland, or any of them, to any Rectifier of Spirits in that Part of Great Britain, by virtue of or under the Authority of an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by the Makers of and Dealers Excrjeable Commodities therein mentioned\ and which shall be then unexpired, shall on the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, become and be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Thing in the said Licences expressed, or in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Commissioners of Excise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland are authorized to grant Licences to Persons living in certain Counties or Districts in the Highlands of Scotland, to distil Spirits from Barley, Beer, or Big, the Growth of the said Counties, and a Duty was imposed on such Li- cences: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the Duty thereby imposed be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, the said Duty thereby imposed shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; save only and except as to any Arrear or Payment which may at that Time remain due or unpaid of the said Duty, or as to any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred for or in respect of the said Duty, upon or at any Time before the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; any Thing contained in the said Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, or as soon as may be in the Course of that Month, and so from Year to Year thereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or the major Part of them, by Licences under their Hands, to authorise Persons qualified within the Highlands of Scotland, that is to say, within the several Counties of Orkney, Caithness, Sutherland, Roj's^ Cromarty, Inverness, Argyll, Bute, and Nairn, and within such Parts of the several Counties of Dumbarton, Stirling, Perth, Forfar, Kincardine, Aberdeen, Banff] and Elgin, as lie to the Northward and Westward of a certain Line herein after particularly specified and described, to erect, keep, and work Stills, the cubical Content or Capacity of each of which respectively shall not be less than thirty, nor more than forty Gallons Engliff) Wine Measure, (including their respective Heads, Horns, Pipes, Tubes, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam canalcend), and to distil and draw offSpirits from the Barley, Beer, or Big, of the Growth of the said Counties, during the 'Perm of one Year and for no longer or shorter Space, from the fu ll: Day of December in each Year, during the Continuance of this Act, and to use, fell, and -dispose of the Spirits lb diildled, on Payment of a Composition or Licence Duty, at the Rate of one Pound ten Shillings for each Gallon English Wine Measure of the Content or Capacity of such Still, for the Space aforesaid, and that in place of the whole Rates and Duties imposed on the distilling of Wa(b, Low Wines, or Corn Spirits, and upon the Malt or Grain from which the Spirits are extracted; but declaring that such licensed Distillers, within the Limits last aforesaid, shall not be allowed any Drawback or Deduction from the above Duty, on account of their or either of them having bought, from any entered Maltster, any Part of the Malt to be used by them, and for which the legal Duties upon Malt have been paid or charged.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions. Exceptions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things which in and by the said last mentioned Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, are contained, provided, settled, or established, for granting Licences to erect, keep, and work Stills in that Part of Scotland called the Highlands, and for railing, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing the Rates or Duties im|>oled by the said last mentioned Act, for or in respect of such Licences, and for preventing, detesting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, and not being expressly altered by this Act, shall be and continue in full Force, and be duly observed, practised, applied, and put in Execution throughout that Part of Scotland called the Highlands, and herein particularly described in and for the granting Licences under this Act, and in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and securing the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted, and for preventing, detesting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been expreiVly inferred and re-enacted in this Act.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Licence shall be granted to any Person to erect or work any Still under this Act in the Counties before mentioned, or Districts herein after

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 61

' particularly described, within ten English Statute Miles of any Lowland Distillery, regularly entered and licensed according to the Laws of Excise; and provided such entered and licensed Lowland Distiller or Distillers shall have paid for the preceding Year, Duties to the Extent of six hundred Pounds, and is going on in the same Business, or who, being in that Business, shall require the Suppression of any small Still within the Distance aforesaid, and give Obligation with sufficient Security that the Duty to be paid by the Distillery carried on by him, her, or them, shall amount to, at least, the said yearly Sum of six hundred Pounds, for two Years then to come; the said Distance to be admeasured from Place to Place along the usual publick Road, or over any usual Ferry or Passage by Water.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to grant to any Compounder of Spirits,'or to any Common Brewer or Victualler, in that Part of Scotland called the High-lands, herein after described, any Licence for working, erecting, or keeping of any Still or Stills for the distilling of Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits, or for the rectifying of Spirits, so long as he, she, or they doth or shall continue to carry on, or to be concerned in the Business of a Compounder of Spirits, or Common Brewer, or Victualler, for brewing or felling of Beer or Ale in Scotland; and if any Person or Persons shall at one and the same Time carry on, or be directly or indirectly concerned in the Trade or Business of a Distiller or Redlificr, with that of a Compounder of Spirits, or of a Common Brewer or Victualler, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, when any Licence shall be taken out as last aforesaid, and the Composition Duty paid for a Still of forty Gallons, such Duty shall be held to be a Composition for the Duty on Dry Malt, to the Extent of two hundred and fifty Bolls, Linlithgow Measure, or one thousand five hundred Bushels, and no more; and for the Duty on the Spirits manufactured in such Still, to the Extent of one thousand six hundred and sixty Gallons English Wine Measure, and no more; and, when such Licence shall be taken out, and the Composition Duty paid for any Still of a Idler Size, the like Proportion shall be observed both as to the Quantity of Malt and the Quantity of Spirits, for which such Duty shall be held to be a Composition; and that for all Malt which shall be used or made by such licensed Distiller over and above the said Quantity, there shall be paid by such Distiller the same Duties to which the entered Maltster is liable at the Time by the Laws of Excise; and for all Spirits which shall be manufactured from such Stills, over and above the Quantity aforesaid, there shall be paid by such Distiller at and after the Rate of one Shilling for each Gallon of such surplus Spirits.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Still shall be so licensed as aforesaid, tobefetupin such Parts of the several Counties of Dumbarton, Stirlings Perth, Forfar, and Kincardine, as be to the Eastward of a certain Line, beginning at the Boat of Ballocb, where Loch Lomond runs into the River Leven, in the County of Dumbarton, and proceeding Eastward along the great Military Road, from thence to Bucklivic, in the County of Stirling; from thence in a certain Line Northward to Thornhill, and from thence to Dumblane and Auchterarder, in the County of Perth, and from Auchterarder in a Line proceeding in a North-east Direction to a certain Point West of the Town of Perth, and distant therefrom two Miles; and from thence in a Line Northward to the Boat of Kinclaven on the River Toy, in the same County of Perth; and from thence to Blairgowrie, Alyth, and Kerrytnuir, in the County of Forfar; and from Kerry-muir by the Foot and South Side of the Grampion Hills, till they terminate near the River Dee, within three Miles to the Westward of the City of Aberdeen, and excluding the same; also that no Still shall be so licensed within the said Limits as aforesaid to be set up within two English Statute Miles of any Part of the Boundary herein-before described, or in any Part or Place within the Counties of Elgin, Banff, ox Aberdeen, not being distant from the nearest Part of the Sea Shore more than three English Statute Miles; and also that no Spirits, the Manufacture of such licensed Stills, shall be allowed to pass out of the said Limits with or without Permit, either by Land or Water, across the Line or Bounds above expressed, or from the Coasts or Ports of any of the Counties or Districts herein-before enumerated and described; and that all Spirits distilled within the Limits before described, that shall be found passing to or in other Parts, or from the Coasts of the said Kingdom, either with or without Permit, shall be liable to Seizure by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise in England or Scotland respectively, and shall be forfeited and lost, together with the Casks, Vessels, or other Packages containing the same; and also the Vessels and Boats, Horses, and other Cattle, and Carriages, made use of in the Removal or Conveyance thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such licensed Distiller having in his Possession, or using a Still of larger Dimensions than those for which he has obtained such Licence, and paid a Composition as aforesaid, shall be subject to a further Duty of three Pounds for each Gallon such Still shall contain, over and above the Quantity specified in his or her Licence; and if such Surplus shall exceed three Gallons English Wine Measure, he or she shall forfeit such Still, and all the Utensils thereto belonging, together with his or her Licence, and be liable to a Penalty of forty Pounds; and further, if he or she shall be cor.victed of having in his or her Possession any Still, other than that for which he or she has obtained a Licence, he or she shall in like Manner forfeit his or her Licence, and be subject to a Penalty of one hundred Pounds, and such unlicensed Still shall be seized and forfeited; and every licensed Distiller who shall be convicted of buying, receiving, or tiling any Malt or Grain not the Growth of the Counties above mentioned, or tome one of them, shall forfeit ten Shillings per Bushel for all such Grain or Malt, and shall in like Manner forfeit his or her Still and Utensil., and his or her Licence.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Spirits shall be removed from the Place at which they are distilled, within the Limits before described, without a Permit, and that all Spirits carrying from one Place

to

405

to ere£l a Srilt within 10 Eng-lift) Miles f'f any Lowland Dist'l-lery, in certain Cases j

nor to any Cotn-peunderor Common Brewer, within certain Parts of the Highland.*. Penalty for carrying on the Trade of a Dif-liller, with that of a* Compounder, Sc c. Duty for a Still of 40 Gallons to be deemed a Composition f< r a certain Quantity of Pry Malt, and of Spirits, &c.

No Still to be licensed in certain Limits.

No Spirits frrm licensid Stills t* pass out of ttie Limits aciols the Bounds above exprtfie'S &c. on Penalty of Forfeiture.

Pen lUy for having larger Stills than those compounded lor, kc.j

and for buying, &c. Grain not the Produce of the specified Counties.

Spirits removing without a Permit 1 rf cited.

4-0 6

Distillers, Sec, of Spirits for Exportation from England to Scotland, and con-Tr.mvwfe, 'o be fuSjed so 0 c Kul s of i3 c<o, m.

Cap. 46.

No Dirtillrr, Sec, authorized to five Notice of Intention to jrake Spirits fur Exultation, tmItfi hie Stills Ire of certain Capacities See,

Distillers applj-ing f >r Licences after July 5, 1793,to pjy Duties following:

For each Gallon of the Contents of Stills uled in England for making Spirits from British Materials, for Exportation to Scotland, 9 I. annually.

For each Gallon, vhere Melasses or Sugar are used, 15 1. j and,

vwhere other Foreign Materials are used, 18 1.

For each Gallon of rectifying Stills, 91.

Duties to be paid as directed by *8 Geo. III. Cap.

Distillers, &c. in England, with* chawing Entries for £xp< ration

C. 61. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

to another without Permit, shall be seizedand forfeited, with the Casks, Vessels, or other Packages containing the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesakf, That al! and every Distiller and Distillers who shall be desirous of making or distilling, rectifying or compounding Spirits in that Part of Greal 'Britain called England, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ or of making or distilling, rectifying or compounding Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called England, shall carry on such Manufacture, and shall 'export the same under and subject to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, and Restrictions which are contained and expressed in the said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, except as herein after is other wise expressly provided: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to permit or authorize any Distiller or Distillers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders, to enter or give Notice of his Intention to make Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whose Wash Still will not contain one thousand six hundred Gallons, and the Spirit or Low Wine rectifying or compounding Still eight bundled and fifty Gallons; nor to permit or authorize any Distiller or Distillers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders, to enter or give Notice of his Intention to make Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called England, whole Walli Still will not contain two hundred Gallons, and the Spirit or Low Wine rectifying or compounding Still fifty Gallons 3 neither shall any Distiller or Distillers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders, be entitled or permitted to distil Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid, although he, she, or they may have made an Entry as aforesaid, unless he, she, or they shall actually have distilled into Spirits all the Wash and Low Wines, in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, for the making of Spirits for Home Consumption, at least forty-eight Hours before the Day mentioned in such Entry.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits applying for any such Licence after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall first pay for each such Licence the several Duties and Sums of Money following; that is to say,

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend) which shall be used or employed by such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits, from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, Perry, or other Wash or Liquor, made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland> the annual Sum of nine Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend) which shall be used or employed by any such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for such Exportation as aforesaid, the annual Sum of fifteen Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English) Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend) which shall be used or employed by any such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits from Foreign refilled Wines, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, (except Melasses and Sugar,) or any Mixture therewith, for such Exportation as aforesaid, the annual Sum of eighteen Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English) Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the lame may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend) which shall be used or employed by such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spirits or Strong Waters for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the annual Sum of nine Pounds:

Which said respective Duties and Sums of A4oney shall be paid by such Person or Persons, and at the respective Times, and in the Manner directed by the said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful for the Commissioners of Elxcise in England, and they are hereby authorized and required, to allow and repay to all and every such Distiller and Distillers, and Maker and Makers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 61. 407

pounder or Compounders of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England\ who shall have withdrawn his, her, or their Entry for making, rectifying, or compounding Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid, and shall afterwards have made due Entry for making, rectifying, or compounding Spirits for Home Consumption, in that Part of Great Britain called England, a proportional Abatement of the Licence Duty paid by such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers, RectiHer or ReClihers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, for or in respect of the Capacity or Content of his, her, or theit licensed Still or Stills, corresponding as herein after mentioned to the Time during which he, she, or they shall use or employ such his, her, or their Still or Stills for making Low Wines or Spirits from any of the Materials aforesaid for Home Consumption, in that Part of Great Britain called England\ that is to say,

to Scotland, and making Ent ies for Home Consumption, to be allowed an Abatement of the Licence Duty, viz.

For every Day during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any licensed Still or Stills, to him, her, For each Day or them belonging, for making Low Wines or Spirits from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, St,1l ls used in or other Wash or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British) Materials, or any Mixture therewith, if fronfcntiffi* for Home Consumption as aforesaid, seven Pence and two Tenths of a Penny for every Gallon of the Materials, 7 a. Cubical Content of each and every such Still, including the Head, To used: and z-ioihs for each Gallon of its Contents 5

For every Day during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any such Still or Stills for making Low frnm Melaffs Wines or Spirits from Mel dies or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for Home Consumption as aforesaid, or Susar> ls*> one Shilling for every Gallon of the Cubical Contents of each and every such Still, including the Head, so used:

For every Day during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any such Still or Stills for making if from other Low Wines or Spirits from Foreign refilled Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, Materials, (except Mtlafles and Sugar,) or any Mixture therewith, for Home Consumption as aforesaid, one 1 s- 2d- an<i Shilling and two Pence and four Tenths of a Penny for every Gallon of the Cubical Content of each and 4MOths> every such Still, including the Head, so used:

And for every Day during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any licensed Still or Stills to him, her, and r°r Stills "or them belonging, for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spirits or strong Waters, for e.mp.oycd r?c* Home Consumption as aforesaid, seven Pence and two Tenths of a Penny for every Gallon of the Cubical Cloths/* Content of each and every such Still, including the Head, so used.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise in that Part of Britain called Scotland, and they are hereby authorised and required, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction, to allow or repay, within two Months, to every Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, who shall have given or left due Notice of his, her, or their Intention to make, rectify, or compound Spirits for Exportation from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that Part of Great Britain called England^ a proportional Abatement of the Licence Duty paid by such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders, for or in respect of the Capacity or Content of his, her, or their Still or Stills, corresponding to the Time during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any Still or Stills for the making, rectifying, or compounding of Spirits for Exportation, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that Part of Great Britain called England, in the Manner following; that is to say,

Distiller?, &c. if* Scotland, giving Notice of their Intention to make Spirits for Exportation to England, to ba allowed a proportional Abatement of the Licence Duly, viz.

For every Day during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any licensed Still or Stills for the making For each Day a of Low Wines or Spirits from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or any Sort of British) Mate- SiM isfoufed in rials, or any Mixture therewith, for Exportation as aforesaid, the Sum of seven Pence and two Tenths of a kins Spirits, Penny for every Gallon of the Cubical Content of each and every such Still, including the Head, so used: d*

2-iQths for each Gallon of its Contents:

For every Day during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any such Still or Stills, for the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for Exportation as aforesaid, the Sum of one Shilling for every Gallon of the Cubical Content of each and every such Still, including the Head, so used:

For every Day during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any such Still or Stills for the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Foreign refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, (except Mela ties and Sugar,) or any Mixture therewith, for Exportation as aforesaid, the Sum of one Shilling and two Pence and four Tenths of a Penny for every Gallon of the Cubical Content of each and every such Still, including the Head, so used:

And for every Day during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any licensed Still or Stills for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spirits or strong Waters, for Exportation as aforesaid, the Sum of seven Pence and two T enths of a Penny for every Gallon of" the Cubical Contents of each and every such Still, including the Head, fouled.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the Produce of Spirits extracted by any such Distiller or Distillers, betwixt the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the sixth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and so afterwards yearly, during the Continuance of this Act, and produced to the proper Officer of Excise, according to the Directions of the said 33 Geo. III. 3 G Act*

if from M laffc* or Sugar, il.j

if from other Foreign Mate-mi?, I?. %d. and rochs; and

fur Still? employed in re&i* fying, 7 d.

& Io:hi.

For Deficiencies in the Quant ty of Spirits for £x-poration, required by x3

4-oB

Geo. III. Cap. 46. U> be pro duced to the Ex-c\(i Officer, the following Duties to be paid For cach Callon f*om Britishi Materials,

38. ad, 2 q. from Metafiles or Sugar,

3 s. 16 d. 3q. and from other Foreign Materials, 5 s. 11 8.

and in Default

of Payment, to forfeit double the Duty.

Certain Duties to be paid on Spirirs nude in Scotland and impor ed irjto England.

3^ Geo. III. Cap. 37.

and such Parts of 26 Geo. J i I. Cap. 73. 28 Geo. MI. Cap. 46. and 29 Geo. III. Cap. 45. as were continued by tlm Act (except the Duties imposed by 28 Geo. MI.) continued to Dec. *» 1795.

Recovery and Applica ion of Penalties.

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Duties to be kept fepaiate from other Monies.

C. 61. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Act, shall fall short of the Proportions therein mentioned, every such Distiller and Distillers shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby made chargeable with, and shall pay the following Duties of Excise for every Gallon of Spirits which shall be deficient of the Quantities in the said Act mentioned; that is to say;

For every Gallon of such Spirits from Wa(h prepared or made from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Exportation as aforesaid, three Shillings and two Pence Halfpenny:

For every Gallon of such Spirits from Wash prepared or made from MelafleS or Sugar, or any, Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Exportation as aforesaid, three Shillings and six Pence three Farthings:

And for every Gallon of such Spirits from Wash prepared or made from Foreign refused Wine or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, (except Melaftes and Sugars,) or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Exportation as aforesaid, five Shillings and eleven Pence:

Which respective Duties for such Deficiencies respectively shall be paid by such Distiller and Distillers respectively on the Day last aforesaid; and if Default shall be made in any such Payment, the Distiller and Distillers respectively making such Default shall forfeit double the Amount of the Duty by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Deficiency.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits, of a Strength not exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, there shall be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof, aq Excise Duty of three Shillings and two Pence Halfpenny; and for every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of such Spirits, of a greater Strength than that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding three per Centum over and above one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, an additional Duty in Proportion to the surplus Strength, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing thereof.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue two AMs, made in the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, k for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland, upon Low I Vines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, ami other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of Britishi-; nadc Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an AM made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, 44 to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low (Vines and Spirits for Home Consumption; and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof;

and for the better Regulation of the making and wending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Impojls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies ;" and for amending tioc said AM made in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and such Parts of the said Acts of the twenty-sixth, twenty-eighth, and twenty-ninth Years aforesaid, (save and except the Duties imposed by the said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign aforesaid,) as were continued by the said Act of the thirtieth Year aforesaid, until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and by another Act of the thirty-first Year of the Reign aforesaid, until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall, from and immediately after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, continue in full Force and Effect until and upon the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act created or imposed, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated any Law or Laws of Excite, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture (not otherwise directed by this Act) shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.,

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster\ and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising or to arise by the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, during the Continuance of this Act, shall be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westmirsler, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from thp said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever*

j

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 61, 62.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Parts of this Act, from and after the respective Times appointed for the Commencement thereof, shall continue in force until and upon the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

CAP. LXII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

[17th 1793J

Most Gracious Sovereign, c XT 7E your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

anembl6d, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, have x freely resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of six hundred and seventy-five thousand

Pounds, to be raised by a Lottery, to consist of fifty thousand Tickets, at thirteen Pounds ten Shillings

each, in such Manner as is herein after directed and appointed: And whereas, pursuant to, and upon the several Terms and Conditions expressed in, the said Resolution, several Persons have, in Books opened c at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribed together the Whole of the said Sum of six hundred and seventy-five thousand Pounds, and made Deposits with the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of one Pound five Shillings in respect of every such Ticket, your faithful Commons do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted €sfc.

All Persons who have made Deposits, pursuant to the Resolution of the House of Commons, are required to pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions at certain Times specified. i Cashier to give Security, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Treasury; and to pay all Monies received into the Exchequer. 44 Commissioners of the Treasury impowered to apply the Money paid in by the Cashier. 500,000l. the Amount of the Prizes, to be paid out of any Supplies granted this Session. Managers and Directors of I 44 the Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the Lottery Books prescribed. Managers to

examine the Books, with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the Books, with the undisposed Tickets, with an Account of Money re- ceived and paid in Undisposed Tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets of the middle Columns to be rolled up, and fastened with Thread or Silk and cut off' indentwise into a Box marked 1 44 with the Letter (A), and put into another Box, to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with

two Columns, on each of which 50,000 Tickets are to be printed. Tickets in the outermost Column of 1 44 the last mentioned Books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a Box marked with the Letter (B),

&c. Publick Notice to be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on February 17, 1794. Number of the fortunate Tickets, and the Sums, to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the Managers. Forging Tickets, made Felony. Offenders (not in Prison) discovering, i 44 Persons guilty, to receive a Pardon, and 50l. Reward. No Attainder for any the Offences against this-

Act shall make any Corruption of Blood, Loss of Dower, or Disherison of Heirs. Managers to be sworn. Cashier may receive the Sums subscribed before receiving the Lottery Book, giving a Note for 1 44 the same, which shall entitle the Bearer to a Ticket for every 13l. 10 s. paid. After July 5, 1793, the

Cashier may deliver Tickets not exceeding in Value Half of the Sum actually subscribed; and shall give

Receipts for the Residue of such Sums, after deducting the Value of the Tickets so delivered. Contribu-

tors, not making good their Payments within the Times limited, forfeit their Deposits, and the Tickets

be returned to the Managers, &V. Commissioners of the Treasury may reward the Managers, iffc. as they shall think fit. The 500,000l. for the Payment of the fortunate Tickets, to be charged on any Sup-l 44 plies granted this Session; and shall be paid to the Proprietors, without any Deduction, on July », 1794,.

tJc. Managers to give Notice of the Times'for exchanging Tickets for Certificates. Certificates to be numbered, and ligned, &V. Commissioners of the Treasury impowered to defray the incidental Ex-j 44 pences attending the Execution of this Act. No Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution-

monies, or for any Receipts, tsV. on Penalty of 20l."

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person to attend at the Place of drawing the Tickets in the said Lottery, for the Purpose of taking down the Numbers of the Tickets as the

time shall be drawn, or the Benefits to belong to the same, unless such Person shall be employed as a

Clerk for that Purpose by the said Managers and Directors, or unless such Person shall be lice tiled so to do by

three or more of the Commissioners for the Time being, for managing the Duties on damped Vellum*

Parchment, and Paper, by writing under their Hands and Seals.

1

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be licensed by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties to attend for the Purpose aforesaid, shall be obliged to provide proper Numerical Books, containing the Numbers of the fifty-thousand Tickets in the said Lottery, in Arithmetical Progression, as

t aforesaid, every of which Books shall exceed in Length twenty-one Inches, and in Breadth seventeen

Inches, and shall be bound in stiff Milled Boards, and shall be stamped and marked on every Leaf thereof by. a proper Stamp or Mark, to be provided and tiled for that Purpose by the said Commissioners^; and the i laid Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have Power and Authority to grant such Licences

1 to such Persons, who shall be duly licensed to keep Lottery Offices, and ro such other Persons atfting on

409

Continuance of the Act

Mo Person to-take down thr Numbers of the Tickets at the Time of drawing, unhfs employed as a Clerfc-or licensed so 10 do.

Persons so II-censed by the Commissioners of Stamps, to provide.Buok which shall be stumped on every Leaf.

Commissioners to giant such-

D by

4io

L«ren*es only on Ac- ount of ;i-ernfrci Lottery < ffi; cs, and only one f< r v a h. 1'enalty on unli* censed Per fen I taking down or I id lifting the Nambers of

* ukew drawn, See,

On Complaint, the Magistrates of London m y grant Warrants for -app chiding Offenders. Persons in the tlual Commi f-*n i f such (jff erne may be apprehended by ar y Person, and Caired btfnre a Jviagistrate, who may commit the Offender it Penalty be not paid.

Application of Penalties.

PenaPy on Persons summoned as Wit-nefTrs not appealing, &c.

Con\i&:on to be made oat in the following

Form.

Penalty may be imiigatetL

Convict'ons not removeable.

Commissioners shall not be required to grant a Licence for dealing in Lottery

C. 62. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1^93.

Account of such Offices respectively, as the said Commissioners shall approve, and to none other, and that one Person only shall be licensed in respect of each Lottery Office; and if any Person present at the Drawing of the said lottery, (not being duly authorized or licensed in Manner aforesaid,) shall, at such Time ancT Place, take or set down in Writing the Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Tickets, when, or after the same shall be drawn, or any Figures or Marks to denote the same, or shall make or begin to make any Register or List in Writing of the Numbers of'-any Tickets, which shall have been drawn on the Day of making or beginning to make, or of carrying on such Register or Lift, or shall, have in his^C.ustody or Possession at such Time and Place as aforesaid, any printed or written Register or Lift of the Numbers of the Tickets in the said Lottery or of any Part thereof, whether drawn or undrawn, with any" Marks, Letters, Figures, or Numbers thereon, marking or denoting the Order or Time of drawing any such Tickets drawn on ' the same Day, or the Benefits'to which any such Ticke^may be intitled by virtue of this Act 5 or if any Person or Persons whatever shall publish, or cause to be published, during the Hours of drawing the said Lottery, any List, Register, or Slip, containing the Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Tickets, drawn on the Day of publishing the same, or any Marks, Letters, or Figures to denote the same, or shall publish, or cause or procure t:> be published, any List or Register of Tickets, wherein the Numbers of any Tickets, or any Mark?, Letters, or Figures shall be placed to denote the Time of Day or Order in which any Tickets shall be drawn, and with Intent to denote the same, every such Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, tha.ll forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor, or any of the Aldermen of London for the Time being, upon Complaint made upon Oath, or solemn Affirmation, of any Offence committed against this Act, in any of the Particulars before mentioned, whereby such pecuniary Penalty as aforesaid may become forfeited, to issue his Warrant for apprehending such Offender; and if any Person or Persons shall he found or discovered, at the Time and Place of Drawing as aforesaid, in the actual CommifSon of any such OlFence, it shall and may be lawful for any Person whatever to apprehend on the Spot the Person or Persons so offending, and to convey, or cause to be conveyed, before one of the M-agistrates aforesaid, the Person or Persons so apprehended, to be proceeded against in such Manner as is herein directed; and when any Person or Persons shall be apprehended, or brought before any of the Magistrates aforesaid for any such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for such Magistrate to proceed to examine into the Circumstances of the Case, and, upon due Proof upon Oath, or sole.nn Affirmation, of any such Offence committed against this Act, to give Judgment or Sentence accordingly, and where the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, and such Penalty shall not be immediately paid, to commit such Offender to Prison for any Space of Time not exceeding fourteen Days, nor less than five Days, without Bail or Mainprize, and without Appeal, or until such Penalty shall be satished; and every such Penalty when paid upon Conviction shall be applied to the U(e of the Informer or Informers, or Person or Persons apprehending or bringing such Offender or Offenders before such Magistrate, and the Constable or Constables concerned in apprehending or securing such Offender or Offenders, in such Proportions as such Magistrate shall direct.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Magistrate, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or of the Person or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such. his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Magistrate before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, or appearing shall refuse to give Evidence, that then every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means'as is herein-before directed as to other Penalties.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Magistrate before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect, mutatis mutandis \ that is to say,

u BE it remembered, That on at A.B. of was duly convicted before

" me of having committed an Offence against the Form of an of Parliament made in the

" thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, fir granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money 4t to be rafted by a Lottery " for which Offence I do adjudge that the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of to be distributed in Manner following; (//;.?/ is to say,) [Here ftt out the Proportions " directed to be paid by the Magistrate.]

" Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Tear fiyjl above written

Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Magistrate, where he shall see Cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalty as he shall think fit, (reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in profecuing the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigated Penalty,) and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalty to leis than a Moiety of the Penalty incurred over and above the said Costs and Charges, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstandingj and no such Conviction shall be removeable by Certiorari into any Court whatever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall not be required to grant a Licence for felling and dealing in Lottery Tickets in the Lottery authorized by this Act, or in the Lottery which hath been established by any Act of the Parliament of Ireland for the present Year, to any Person or Persons whatever, unless it shall appear to

the

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 62. 411

Tickets unless it shall appear that the Patty is able to answer the Pena rv required by Law, and he shall have deposited a certain Numb r of Tickets, Sec,

Persons to v^horn Licences are planted, to pi«e B nd agreea! ly to 22 Geo. III. Cap. 47-

the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that such Persons or Person are or is of Efficient Ability to nnfvver the Penalty contained in the Bond required by Law for securing a due Performance of the federal Regulations and Provisions respecting Lottery Office Keepers; and unless such Persons or Person shall, previous to the Time of receiving such Licence, produce and deliver to the said Commissioners a Certificate in Writing,

under the Hand of the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties, certifying that such Persons or Person have or hath deposited in his Hands fifty whole undrawn Tickets of and belonging to each (cch Lottery respectively established as aforesaid, and that the same have been divided into Shares in the Manner allowed by Law; or shall enter into such Security as is herein after mentioned, conditioned for the depositing, at the Times and in the Manner to be prescribed by the said Commissioners, fifty whole undrawn Tickets for each Lottery so established as aforesaid, to be divided into such Shares as are by Law allowed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person to whom any Licence shall be granted, shall per^ fondly appear before the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and shall then tand there, jointly or severally as the Case may.require, give Security by Bond in the Manner prescribed by an Act pafletl in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for licensing Lottery Office Keepers $ and that the Condition of every such Bond shall be, that if the Persons or Person so to be licensed -shall, during the Term of such Licence, well and truly conform to and observe all the Regulations and Provi- Conditions of ssions of the several Acts made in the Parliament of this Kingdom concerning Lotteries, and shall not Bonds» offend against the same; and (in calc the Tickets belonging to the Lottery established by this Act, or to the Lottery established in Ireland for the present Year, shall not, at the Time of applying for such Licence, be issued to the respective Contributors, so that such Persons or Person shall not then be enabled to deposit fifty undrawn Tickets for each such Lottery in the Manner before mentioned, then the further Condition of such Bond shall be) that if such Persons or Person shall deposit with the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and divide into Shares fifty whole undrawn Tickets in the Lottery established by this AdR and also fifty other whole undrawn Tickets in the Lottery now established by the Parliament of Ireland, by such Space of Time, not less than the Space of forty Days, before the fir It Day of drawing such Lotteries respectively, as the said Commissioners shall prescribe, then such Bond shall be void, or otherwise to be and remain in full Force and Effect: And the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to take such Bond, and to annex thereto a Condition conformable to the Directions of this Act before-mentioned, and according to the Circumstances of the Case; and if, at the End of twelve Calendar Months after the Expiration of the Time for which such Licence shall he granted, it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that such Persons or Person so licensed have or hath, during the Term of such Licence, well and truly kept, fulfilled, and performed the Condition of such B011J, such Commissioners may deliver up such Bond to be cancelled, or otherwise, at their Discretion, cause every such Bond to be put in Suit.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Persons or Person, to whom a Licence shall be granted, shall neglect to deposit or divide into Shares fifty whole undrawn 'Pickets in each Lottery established as aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Licence shall be void and of no Effect; and every Person acting and dealing in any of the Matters therein contained after such Default made, shall be adjudged and considered in every Respect as an unlicensed Person; and it shall be lawful (or the said Commissioners, upon every such Default, to cause to be published the Names and Places of Abode, and the Description of the Offices of such Persons or Person making such Default as aforesaid, in the London Gazette, published in the and declare therein the Time when such Default was made, and such Forfeiture shall take place from the Gazetlc»

Time of such Publication.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in Cases where a Licence granted to any Person or Persons

under the said Act of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, is declared to be void

upon Conviction or Prosecution for any Offence against the said Act, then and in every such Case such Licence granted after the Commencement of this Act, shall, upon Conviction of or for any Offence against this Act, or against an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the Laws now in being for suppressing unlawful Lotteries, also be void; and that in all Cases where any Person shall be prosecuted for any Offence against the said Acts of the twenty-second and twenty-seventh Years aforesaid, or either of them, or of this Act, whether upon such

Bond as aforesaid, or for any Penalty whatever, or as a Rogue and Vagabond, and shall be duly condemned therein, the said Commissioners may, if they shall think fit, rc(use to grant to the Person so condemned, or to any other or others jointly with the Person (o condemned, a Licence to keep a Lotteiy Office at any Time in future during the Continuance of this Act.

Licences may be refused to Persons convicted.

At the End of 11 Month- aficr Expiration -of Licences, the Commissioneri may give up Bonds or put them in Suit.

Licences of Persons neilecting to deposit or oi-vide into Shares 50 Tickets to be void; and the Defaulter* to be

In Cases »here Licences under 22 Geo III. Cap. 47. are declared void, in such Cases Licences grant'd 2fter the Commencement of this Act shall be void for Offenc es against this Act, or 27 Geo. III. Cap. f.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Persons or Person to whom a Licence shall have been or shall be granted, shall continue, or cause to be continued, the Words, Licensed to deal in Lottery Tickets, or any of them, or any Words to that or the like Effect, written or expressed upon or near the Door, or in the Front of his, her, or their Office or Shop, or other Place for felling of Tickets, after such Licence shall have expired, or shall be declared or become void, and due Notice thereof in Writing to remove the same shall have been given to such Persons or Person, or left at such Office, Shop, or other Place of such Persons or Person, under the Hands of any three or more of the said Commissioners; or if any Persons or Person, not having been licensed as aforesaid, shall cause to be written or expressed in Manner aforesaid, the like Words, or Words to the like Effect, upon or near the Door, or on the Front of any House, Shop, or Place in their respective Occupations, or shall continue or cause the same to be continued thereon, alter such Notice

Penalty on Persons continuing on their Hou'e* the Words Licensed, &c« at'ltr

Expiration ol their Licences, &c.

412

Ixerotors, &c. may be authorized to carry ot* Business for the Residue of the Terms of Li* ce.ic*.*.

No Tickets to be divided into any o' her Shares than Halves, Quarters, Eighth', and Sixteenth*, on Penalty of 50 f. Application and Recovery of Penalties

Form of Shares of rickc'f.

Person* eonn-‘eirei ing shares, &c. guilty of Felony.

Pe.rfons having »o their Cottorfy any l<erfter r JL'll «>t' T c'cets V.j: as he ei j p-irikuKiiaed j

C. 62. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793

tice in Writing shall have been given to such Persons or Person, or left at such House, Shop, or Place as last aforesaid, then and in every such Case, all and every such Persons or Person so offending shall, for every Day in which such Words or any of them shall be continued written or expressed as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death of any Person so licensed as aforesaid during the Term of such Licence, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, in their Discretion, to authorize and impower the Executors or Administrators, or the Wife, Child, or Heir at Law of such deceased Person being entitled unto the Possession of the Premises in which the Business respecting such Lotteries was to be carried oil under such Licence, or any of them, to continue such Business for the Residue of the Term for which such Licence was granted, in the same Premises, without taking out a new Licence, during the Residue of the said Term, but subject to and under the same Terms, Conditions, Rules, and Regulations as such Licence was originally granted, and also subject to a Renewal of the Bond for the securing the due Performance thereof by such Representatives respectively during the Residue of such Term.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall fell any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets in the Lottery established by virtue of this Act, or in the Lottery established in Ireland by virtue of any Act for the present Year, in any other Proportion or Proportions than one Half, Quarter, Eighth, or Sixteenth Part or Share only; or shall publish apy Proposalor Scheme for felling any Share or Shares, or any Agreement or Agreements for any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets in the said respective Lotteries in any other Proportion than one Half, Quarter, Eighth, or Sixteenth Part or Share, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; and one Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties inflicted by this Act (except where other Provisions shall be specially prescribed by this Act) shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform or sue for the same; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Share or Agreement for a Share of every Ticket so to be divided, shall be written or printed according to the following Form:

iC LOTTERY for the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety three.

Ticket, N°

u (or as the Share may be.)

" The Bearer of this Share will he entitled to one Part of such beneficial Chance as shall belong

u to the Ticket numbered as above, in the Lottery to be drawn by virtue and in pursuance of an Act passed in the

thirty'third Year of his present Ma'jijly s Reign."

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Share or Shares, or any Agreement or Agreements for any Share or Shares, of any Ticket or Tickets divided by virtue of this Act; or alter any Number, Figure, Word, or Stamp therein or thereon; or shall knowingly utter, vend, barter, or dispose of any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Share or Shares, or Agreement or Agreements for any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets, with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons, then, and in every such Case, all and every Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fufter as a Felon.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to have in his or their Custody or Possession, or in his or their House, Shop, Office, or Place, any Register or Lift of thfr Numbers of the Tickets in the Lottery established by this Act, other than complete Numerical Registers or Lifts containing all the Tickets in the said Lottery, in Bocks of the respective Dimensions and stamped in the Manner herein directed, or such Numerical Lift of each Day's Drawing, as shall be printed and published under the Authority of this Act by the said Managers and Directors, or true and full Copies thereof respectively; nor for any Person or Persons to let down in any such Register or Lift, or in any Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, the Order, Course, or Priority of drawing any such Picket or Tickets, other than such Pickets to which Benefits shall belong under this Act, as being first or last drawn on any Day; nor to L*t down in any such Register or Lift, or in any Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, the Time in which any such Ticket shall be drawn on any Day, or in any Manner whatever, either by writing or printing, to mark, denote, or signify the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day of drawing any such 'Picket or 'Pickets, except such Benefit Pickets as aforesaid *, and if any Person or Persons shall knowingly keep or have in his or their Custody or Possession, or in his or their House, Shop, Office, or Place, any Register or Lift con-cfining any Numbers of the 'Pickets in the said Lottery, other than such Numerical Registers or Lifts, or Copies thereof as aforesaid, or shall set down in any Register or Lift wh never, either by writing or printing, the Order* Course, Priority, or Time of Day of drawing any such Picket or Pickets, other than such

j$ Tickets

4>3

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 62.

Tickets to which Benefits shall belong as aforesaid, or any Marks, Figures or Numbers, to mark, denote, or signify the Order, Course, Priority or Time of Day of such Drawing, except as aforesaid; or shall by himself or themselves, or by any other or others, keep any Office, Shop, or Place for examining, or in such Office, Shop, or Place shall examine, or cause to be examined, for any other Person or Persons, or permit any other Person or Persons to examine any Number or Numbers of such "Pickets, whether with or without Reward, by any Register or Lift of Tickets whatever, other than such Numerical Register or Lift, or a true Copy thereof as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons keeping or causing to be kept any Register or Lift of Tickets in the said Lottery, shall give, or cause or procure to be given, any Notice or Information whatever to any Person or Persons of the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day of drawing any Ticket or Tickets, except such Benefit Tickets as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon Complaint or Information made upon Oath, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, of any Offence committed against the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty in any House or Place within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, whereby any of the Offenders may be liable to Punishment as Rogues and Vagabonds, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices before whom such Oath shall be taken, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and impower any Person or Persons employed by the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, in the Execution of the several Acts for the Regulation of Lotteries, by Day or by Night, (but if in the Night-time, then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, who are hereby required to be aiding or assisting the rein,) to break open the Doors, or any Part of such House or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, and to enter into such House or Place, and to seize and apprehend all such Offenders, and to convey them before any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, wherein such Person shall be so apprehended, to be dealt with according to Law, as aforesaid; and all Persons who shall be discovered in such House or Place, knowingly aiding, assisting, or any Ways concerned with such Offenders in carrying on any Transactions respecting the said Lotteries, or either of them, contrary to the express Provisions of the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year aforesaid, shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and punishable in like Manner as is directed by the said Act or this Act, as the Case may require; and it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers having the Execution of such Warrant, and all other Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, to stop, arrest, and detain all and every the Person and Persons (o discovered in such House or Place, and to convey the said Person and Persons before such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall forcibly obstruct, oppose, molest, or hinder any such Officer or Officers, or others acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, in the due Execution of their Duty, or in the due entering into such House or Place, or in the (eizing, detaining, or conveying before such Justice or Justices, any such Offenders or other Persons as aforesaid, every such Person so obstructing, oppoling, molesting, or hindering as aforesaid, shall be deemed an Offender against Law and the publick Peace, and the Court before whom any such Offender shall be tried and convicted, shall and may order such Offender to be fined, imprisoned, and publickly whipped, as in their Discretion shall be thought fit.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to commence or enter, or cause or procure to be commenced or entered, or filed or prosecuted, any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of- Record at Westminster, for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties inflicted by any of the Laws, touching or concerning Lotteries, or by this Act, unless the same be commenced, entered, filed and prosecuted in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, or in the Name or Names of some Officer or Officers appointed by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties; and if any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall be commenced or entered in any other Person's Name or Names than as is before mentioned, the same, and all Proceedings thereupon had, are hereby declared to be null and void, and the said Court or Courts,-where such Proceedings shall be so commenced, shall cause the same to be stayed; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Writ or Process shall issue against any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties for any Offence committed against any Law touching or concerning Lotteries, or against this Act, and the Amount of the Penalty or Penalties sued for, shall not be inserted therein, or no Affidavit thereof shall be made or filed according to the Directions of the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Plaintiff or Informer shall not proceed toarreft the Body or Bodies of the Defendant or Defendants, but shall serve him or them personally with a Copy of the Process, and shall and may proceed therein in like Manner as in Cases of Debt, where the Cause of A6\ion does not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds in the said Courts respectively; any Thing in the said last mentioned Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be brought before any two or more Justices of the Peace, and shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences against the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or of this Act, whereby such Person shall be adjudged a Rogue and a Vagabond, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to order such Offender to be lent to the House of Correction, there to remain for any Space of Time, not exceeding six Calendar Months, nor less than one Month, and until the final Period of the drawing of the Lottery, in respect whereof such Offence shall be committed; and such Proceedings shall not be subject to Appeal, nor shall be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or otherwise, into any Court whatever*

or keeping any Place for examining Tickets, by any other than a Numerical Lift, Scc. to forfeit 501.

On Complaint on Oath of Offences against: t7 Geo. III. Cap. 1. whereby the Parties mjy be liable to Punishment as Rogue?, Justices may authorize Persons employed by the Commifli 'nets ot Stamp Duties to break open Hoofes, Sc:,

Persons discovered in such Houses concerned in carry ing on illegal Transactions, to be purithed as R gues, and may be Arrested, See,

Penalty on Persons obstructin^ Officers.

Manner in which Action* for Penalties shall be commenced.

Where the Amount of Penalties sued for is not inserted in Writs, the Defendant to be served with a Copy of the Process, &c.

Offenders adjudged Rogues and Vagabonds may be committed.

Proceedings not removable by Certiorari,

414

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

sc Occ, ITT. Cap. 6. lecucd.

Good?, l-gaMy innpjrieJ into Ireland from America, &c. may br imported into Great Britain from thence in British or irish built Ships, owned, &c according to Law

provided the re-quifue Crrtifi -ca es from the Revenue Officers be produced.

Such Goods, if un accompanied vrth the origir al Documents, to be dealt %vi h as Goods imported directly to Great B/i'ain from the Culonid.

If only Part of the G< ods imported in^o Ireland shall be exported 'o Great Britain, an Indorsement of the affual Qu m?i J shipi ed shall be iuihcient, &c.

C. 62, 63. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this and the facial Matter, in Evidence, in his, her, or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise; then such Defendant or Defendants shall pave Tteble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to permit Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Afa% Africa or America, legally imported into Ireland, to be imported from thence into Great Britain.

[17th June 1793.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to allow the Trade between Ireland and the British Colonies and Plantations in America and the West Indies, and the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, to be carried on in like Manner as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the said Colonies and Settlements, it is among other Things enabled. That any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the Brit id) Colonies or Plantations in America, or the West Indies, or of any of the Settlements belonging to Great Britain on the Coast of Africa, and which by any Act or Acts of Parliament are re- quired to be imported from such Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, into Great Britain; and also any other Goods which, having been in any Way legally imported into the said Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, may now or hereafter be legally exported from thence for Great Britaor, shall and may be laden in and exported from such Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements respectively,

and in like Manner imported diredfly from thence into the Kingdom of Ireland: And whereas it is expedient to permit and allow, in the Manner herein mentioned, the Importation into Great Britain from Ireland, of such Goods, so imported into Ireland from the said Colonies, Plantations, and Settlements, and likewise of other Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Asia, Africa, or America, legally imported into Ireland:* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain from Ireland, in British or Irish-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, any Goods which have been imported into Ireland from the aforesaid Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, by virtue of the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament; and also to import in the same Manner, and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Provisions, and Retlridlions, as the like Goods may by Law be imported into Great Britain from Afiay Africa, or America, any other Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Asia, Africa, or America, legally imported into Ireland, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always. That, on the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the said Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, from Ireland into Great Britain, the lame shall be accompanied with the like Documents and Certificates from the respective Revenue Officers there, as are or hereafter may be required by Law for the like Sort of Goods imported from thence directly into Great Britain, except as herein is provided *, and the said Officers respectively are hereby authorized and required, on the Exportation of such Goods from the said Colonies, Plantations, and Settlements respectively, for the Kingdom of Ireland, to grant the like Documents and Certificates as they now are or hereafter may be required by Law to grant on the Exportation thereof for Great Britain directly, under the Penalties and Forfeitures now by Law inflicted and incurred, or hereafter to be inflicted and incurred, on Failure thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That when any Ship or Vessel shall arrive from any Port or Place in Ireland at any Port in Great Britain, laden with any such Goods, and the same shall not be accompanied with such original Documents and Certificates from the respective Officers in the said Colonies, Plantations, and Settlements respectively, as now are or hereafter may be required by Law on the Importation thereof into Great Britain, directly from the said Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, except as herein is provided, such Goods shall be dealt with in such Manner as they now are, or hereafter may be liable by Law to be dealt with on Importation directly into Great Britain, from the said Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements respectively, unaccompanied with such Documents or Certificates.

IV. Provided also, That in case only Part of any such Goods, included in any Document or Certificate from the said respective Officers in the said Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, shall at any Time be shipped or exported from the said Kingdom of Ireland for Great Britain, and the actual Quantity and p3r-t cular Sorts of the Goods shipped shall be truly and correctly endorled on such Document or Certificate by the proper Officers of the Revenue of Customs in Ireland, such Goods shall and may be admitted to Entry and Payment of Duty in Great Britain; and, in like Manner, the Remainder of such Goods shall also be admitted to Entry and Payment of Duty in Great Britain, if the same shall be accompanied with a Certificate from the proper Officers of the Revenue of Customs in Ireland, extracted from a Register of the original Document or Certificate, specifying the Quantity before shipped and exported from thence, at what Time, by what Vessel, and from what Port in Ireland exported, and for what Port in Great Britain-

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesixno tertio Georgii III/ C. 63,-64 415'

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter, or other Person taking Charge of any Ship or Vessel importing such Goods from Ireland, shall, on his Arrival in Great Britain, deliver to the Collector, Com pt roller,_or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port of Arrival, at or the same are hereby Documents and

Certificates respectively are the same Casks, Parcels, and Goods as were taken on board such Ship or Vessel in Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Goods as shall be imported, by virtue of this Act, from Ireland, shall be considered, with respect to Duties, Drawbacks, Bounties, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as if imported from the said respective Colonies, Plantations, and Settlements, directly into Great Britain.

ported from

Master of Ships imposing such Goods from Ireland, to deliver to the Officer of the Customs at the Port of Arrival, the rrquisite Documents, &c.

Such Goods, with respect to Duties, &c. to be considered as if directly im-the Colonies,

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall Aa not to per-extend to permit or allow of the Importation from Ireland, into Great Britain, of any Goods, Wares, or ^o/Sood* Merchandizes of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Parts within the produced, &c.* Limits of the exclusive Trade of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, within rheLi-any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. mitV of the East

J:idia Company's Trade*

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created Recovery and and incurred by this Act, shall and may be Hied for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such p^J^00 c Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods as any Penalties incurred, or any Goods or Vessels forfeited, for any Offence against the Laws of Cutlorns, may now iegally.be sued for, prosecuted, recovered; and disposed of; and the Officer or Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act,

shall be entitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures as they are now by Law entitled to upon Prosecutions of Seizures for- unlawful Importation, and to such Share of the Produce. arising from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty, or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any Law or Regulation entitled to, upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the seventh and eighth Years of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing and returning such Members, so far as relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election.

[47th June 3793.]

WHEREAS y an Act, made and passed in the seventh and eighth Years of the late King William

the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parlia- 7 & 8 Gul. III. 4 ?nent, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing and returning Cjp. 25*

such Members, it is enabled. That the proper Officers therein mentioned shall, upon the Receipt of Pre

cepts for the Flection of Members to serve in Parliament, forthwith cause publick Notice to be given of the Time and Place of Election, and shall proceed to Election thereupon within the Time by the said Act

limited, and give four Days Notice at least of the Day appointed for the Election; but it is not in the said Act specified at what Time or within what Hours of the Day it shall be incumbent on the proper Officer

to give such publick Notice as aforesaid: And whereas,- by reason of such Uncertainty, great Inconveni-

encies may arise from the undue Practices of returning Officers and others May it please your Majesty

rhat it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Notices to be given of the Time Notices of the

and Place of any Election for Members to serve in Parliament, shall be publickly given at the usual Place or Time and Place

Places within the Hours of eight of the Clock in the Forenoon and four of the Clock in the Afternoon, cfEieciions for

from the twenty-fifth Day of October to the twenty-fifth Day of March inclusive, and within the Hours of Members of

eight of the Clock in the Forenoon and fix of the Clock in the Afternoon, from the twenty-fifth Day of

March to the twenty-fifth Day of October inclusive, and not otherwise; and that no Notice to be given of CCrf*in Huun.

the Time and Place of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament shall be deemed or taken to be a good

or valid Notice for any Purpose-s, or to any Effect whatsoever, which shall not be made and pub-

1 fined in the Manner and within the Time of Day aforesaid; any. Law> Statute, Usage or Custom

the contrary notwithstanding.

33 Geo. III.

3 H

416 C. 65. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Clausea m 31 Geo. Ill* Lap* 30. recited*

Recicd Clause# repealed.

Receiver of Corp Returns to make up the Weekly Average Prices of Corn and Oatmeal fold in each of the Towns in England appointed

CAP. LXV.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn* and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported.

[17th June 1793.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duly on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, it is, among other Things, enacted, That the Receiver of Corn Returns appointed in pursuance of the said Act shall, and he is thereby required, at the End of every Week, to make up, compute, and distinguish, from and upon the Returns by him received, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, in the Week immediately preceding, an Account of the General Aggregate Quantities, according to the respective Measures in Table (D), and Prices of each respective Sort of British Corn and Oatmeal that shall appear to have been fold and delivered in and during such Week, in each respective District; the Account of which Returns, and of the said Aggregate Quanticics* and Prices, he is thereby required to enter in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and there- from to make up and compute the Average Price of each respective Sort of Corn and Oatmeal fold and delivered during such Week; and the said Receiver of Corn Returns is thereby directed, without Delay, to transmit to the Collectors, or other Chief Officers of the Customs for the Time being, of the several Ports or Places within each such District, a Certificate of the Average Prices of each respective Sort of British Corn, so made up and computed from the Returns of such District; and the said respective Collectors and other Chief Officers are thereby required to receive and enter the same in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and to cause a Copy thereof to be hung up in some publick Place in the Custom House thereto belonging, to which all Persons may resort; and the Exportation of each Sort of British Corn and other Articles as aforesaid, and the Payment of the Bounty thereon, within that District, shall be governed and regulated by such Average Prices, in Manner therein-before directed, until new Average Prices shall in like Manner be made up and computed, and a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted to such Collectors or Chief Officers, and be by them received; and that the said Receiver of Corn Returns shall, and he is thereby required, within seven Days alter the fifteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and within seven Days after the fifteenth Day of February, the fifteenth Day of May, the fifteenth Day of August, and the fifteenth Day of November, in each and every succeeding Year, to make up, compute, and distinguish, from and upon the fix last Weekly Returns by him received, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, immediately preceding such respective Periods, an Account of the General Aggregate Quantities, according to the respective Measures in Table (D), and Prices of each respective Sort of British Corn and of Oatmeal that shall appear to have been fold and delivered in and during such six Weeks in each respective District; an Account of which Returns, and the said Aggregate Quantities and Prices, he is thereby required to enter in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and therefrom to make up and compute the Average Prices of each respective Sort of Corn and of Oatmeal fold and delivered during the several Periods before mentioned within each respective District; and the said Receiver of Corn Returns is thereby directed, without Delay', to transmit to the Collectors or other Chief Officers of the Customs of the several Ports or Places in each District a Certificate of the Average Prices of the several Sorts of Corn and of Oatmeal, made up and computed from the Returns of such District; and the said respective Collectors and other Chief Officers are thereby required to receive and enter the same in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and to cause a Copy thereof to be hung up in some publick Place in the Custom House thereto belonging, to which all Persons may resort; and the Importation of each Sort of Foreign Corn, Meal, and Flour, and the Payment of the Duty thereon, within that District, shall be governed and regulated by such Average Prices, in the Manner therein- before directed, until new Average Prices shall in like Manner be made up and computed, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to such Collectors or other Chief Officers, and be by them received: And whereas it is expedient that the said Average Prices directed to be made up and computed at the End of every Week, and the said Average Prices directed to be made up and computed from and upon the fix last Weekly Returns as aforesaid, should be made up, computed, and distinguished in a different Manner in that Part of Great Britain called England be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Clauses be, and they are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, the said Receiver of Corn Returns shall, and he is hereby required, at the End of every Week, to make up and compute, from the Returns by him received, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, of the Quantities and Prices of the several Sorts of British Corn and of Oatmeal fold and delivered in the Week immediately preceding, in each of the Cities or Towns appointed by the said Act in the respective Districts of that Part of Great Britain called England\ the Average Price, according to the respective Measures in Table (D), of each respective Sort of Corn and of Oatmeal in each such City or Town; which Returns, and Average Prices, he is hereby required to enter in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 65.

therefrom to make up and compute the Average Price of each respective Sort of Corn and of Oatmeal fold and delivered during such Week in each District, by taking the Average of the Average Prices, ascertained as above directed, in each City or Town within each such District from whence Returns shall have been received pursuant to the Directions of this Act; and the said Receiver of Corn Returns is hereby directed, without Delay, to transmit to the Collectors, or other Chief Officers of the Customs for the Time being, of the several Ports or Places within each such District, a Certificate of the Average Prices of each respective Sort of British Corn and of Oatmeal, so made up and computed; and the said respective Collectors and other Chief Officers are hereby required to receive and enter the same in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and to caiifc a Copy thereof to be hung up in some publick Place in the Custom House thereto belonging, to which all Persons may resort; and the Exportation of each Sort of British Corn and other Articles as aforesaid, and the Payment of the Bounty thereon within that District, shall be governed and regulated by such Average Prices, until new Average Prices shall in like Manner be made up and computed, and a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted to such Collectors or Chief Officers, and be by them received.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver of Corn Returns shall, and he is hereby required, within seven Days after the fifteenth Day of August, within seven Days after the fifteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and within seven Days after the fifteenth Day of February, the fifteenth Day of May, the fifteenth Day of August, and the fifteenth Day of November in each and every succeeding Year, to make up and compute, from the fix last Weekly Certificates by him transmitted, according to the Directions of this Act, to the respective Collectors, and other Chief Officers of the Customs in each respective District in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Average Price of each respective Sort of Corn and of Oatmeal during the said six Weeks in each such District; and the said Receiver of Corn Returns is hereby directed, without Delay, to transmit to the Collectors and other Chief Officers of the Customs of the several Ports or Places in each District, a Certificate of the Average Prices of the several Sorts of Corn and of Oatmeal, made up and computed as above directed; and the said respective Collectors, and other Chief Officers, are hereby required to receive and enter the same in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and to cause a Copy thereof to be hung up in some public Place in the Custom House thereto belonging, to which all Persons may resort; and the Importation of each Sort of Foreign Corn* Meal, and Flour, and the Payment of the Duty thereon within that District, shall be governed and regulate^ by such Average Prices, until new Average Prices shall in like Manner be made up and computed, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to such Collectors or other Chief Officers, and be by them received.

IV. And whereas, by the aforesaid Act, the Receiver of Corn Returns is directed, in case a sufficient Number of Returns, conformable to the Directions of the said Act, shall not be made from any one or more of the said Districts, nor a Copy of the Account of the Average Prices of the several Sorts of Corn and of Oatmeal sold and delivered within the City of London and Suburbs thereof, to compute, from the Quantities and Prices of the several Sorts of Corn and of Oatmeal, in the Accounts returned to him from all the other Parts of the Kingdom, the Average Price of each Sort of Corn and of Oatmeal, and to transmit a Certificate thereof to the Collectors or Chief Officers of the Ports of every such District, from which sufficient Returns shall not have been made; by which Certificate the Importation and Exportation of Corn and other Articles shall be regulated in every such District, till a new Certificate be received by such Officers: And whereas, by Reason of the different Manners of ascertaining the Price of Corn established by the said Act, and the different Periods at which the same are directed to be ascertained in different Parts of the Kingdom, Doubts have arisen as to the Manner in which the said Receiver ought to compute the said General Average Price of Corn and of Oatmeal in the whole Kingdom: And whereas, by Reason of the different Periods at which the said Price is directed to be ascertained in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in that Part of Great Britain called England, Difficulties must arise in computing the General Average Price of the whole Kingdom be it further enacted, That the said Receiver of Corn Returns shall, and he is hereby authorized and required to make up and compute, at the End of every Week, from the Average Prices of the several Sorts of Corn and of Oatmeal returned to him in the Week immediately preceding, from each City and Town in each respective County, whether Inland or Maritime, in that Part of Great Britain called England, (such Average Prices being ascertained and computed in Manner before respectively directed in the said Act and in this Act,) the Average Price of each Sort of Corn and of Oatmeal in each County; and further to make up and compute, at the End of every Week, from the Average of the County Prices so ascertained, the General Average Price of each Sort of Corn and of Oatmeal in England, and to cause the same respectively to be published in The London Gazette once in every Week; and also to make up and compute Monthly, from the Returns received by him Monthly from the Sheriff or Sheriff Depute in each County, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Average Price of each Sort of Corn and of Oatmeal during the four preceding Weeks in each such County; and further, to make up and compute from the Average of the County Prices so ascertained, the General Average Price of each Sort of Corn and of Oatmeal in Scotland, during the four preceding Weeks, and to cause the lame respectively to be published in The London Gazette once in every Month.

V. And be it further enacted, That if a sufficient Number of Returns, conformable to the Directions of the said Act, shall not be made from anyone or more of the Districts in England or in Scotland respectively, or in caie no Copy of the Account of the Average Prices of Corn and of Oatmeal fold and delivered within the City of London, and Suburbs thereof, be transmitted to the Receiver of Corn Returns by the In-spector appointed for the said City of London, or in case any Sort of Corn or Oatmeal should be entirely

417

by the recited Act, and to transmit the Average Prices in each District to the Officers of the Customs at the several Places as the Rule for Exportation, & c.

Receiver of Corn Returns to make up at certain Periods the Average Prices of Corn and Oatmeal in each District for the last six Weeks, and transmit the same to the several Officers of the Customs, as the Rule for Importation, &c.

Receivers of Corn Returns to insert in the Gazette the weekly Average Prices of Corn and Oatmeal in each County, and the general Aggregate Prices in England, and the like Average Prices in Scotland monthly.

In case a sufficient Number of Returns shall not be made from any Districts, the Receiver of

4i 8 C. 65. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Corn Returns to transmic a Certificate of the General Average Prices to the Officers of the Custotm therein, as the Rule for Impnrta 1011 and Exportation.

Clause 70 & 31 Geo. III. Cap. 30. recited, and repealed.

His Majesty in Council may prohibit the Exportation of Corn, &c. or permit the Importation, or taking from Ware-hnufes, Foreign Corn, &c. for Home Consumption, in certain cases.

Penalty for Importing or exporting contrary hereto.

Permission for importing Corn, fee. to continue 3 Months.

The Exportation ©t Foreign Corn, foe. warehoused agreeably to recited Acts, not to be prohibited.

His Majesty in Council may permit the carrying Coast wife, Ice« of Corn, for the Purposes mentioned in the recited or this Act) though

omitted in all the Returns of any District, or in the said Account received from the Inspector for the City of London, the said Receiver of Corn Returns shall and he is hereby authorized 2nd Required, in every such Case, to transmit a Certificate of the General Average Price of each Sort of Corn or of Oatmeal, or of any Sort of Corn or of Oatmeal which may have been omitted as aforesaid, computed as above directed, for England and for Scotland respoSlively, as the Case may be, to the Collectors or other Chief Officers of the Ports of every such District in England or Scotland respectively, as the Case may be; and according to such Average Prices contained in such Certificate the Importation and Exportation of Corn and other Articles shall be regulated in every such District, till a new Certificate be received by such Officers, any Thing in the before-mentioned Act passed in the thirty-fidl Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas by the aforesaid Act it is enacted, That his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, be, and c he and they is and are thereby authorized, with the Advice of his and their Privy Council, at any Time when Parliament is not fitting, and when the Average Price of any Sort of Corn or of Oatmeal, taken from the Returns of the whole Kingdom, is higher than the Price at or above which Foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, of the same Sort, is allowed by Law to be imported at the Low Duties specified in Table (D) in the said Act, to prohibit generally, for a limited Time, the Exportation from this Kingdom of any Sort of Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, and in like Manner to permit generally the Importation, on the lowest Duties then payable, of any Sort of Foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, and in like Manner to recall such

Prohibition or Permission, if Circumstances shall appear so to require; and if any Person shall import or export any Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, contrary to such Prohibition or Permission of his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, the Person so importing or exporting the lame shall be fub- jedt and liable to the like Forfeitures and Penalties, and the said Corn or other Articles, and the Ship of Vessel in which the same shall be imported or exported, shall be subject and liable to the like Forfeitures, as if the said Corn or other Articles were imported or exported contrary to the Provisions of that or any other Act: 4 Provided always, That as often as the Importation of any Sort of Corn, Meal, or Flour, on the Low Du- ties, shall be permitted by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, such Permission shall continue in force for the Space of three Months at least from the Date of the Order of Council made for that Purpose be it further enacted, That the said Provision be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that it shall and maybe lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, at any Time when the General Average Price of any Sort of Corn or of Oatmeal in England or Scotland respectively, taken as herein-before directed, shall appear to be at or above the Price at or above which Foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, of the same Sort, is allowed by Law to be imported from Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies and Plantations in North America, at the first Low Duties specified in the Table marked (E) in the said Act, to prohibit generally, for a limited Time, the Exportation from England ox Scotland respectively, as the Case may be, of any such Sort of Corn or other Articles as aforesaid; and in like Manner, at any Time when the Average Price of any Sort of Corn or of Oatmeal in England and Scotland respectively, taken as herein-before directed, shall appear to be at or above the Price at or above which Foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour of the same Sort is allowed by Law to be imported from any other Foreign Country, at the first Low Duty specified in the said Table marked (E), to permit generally the Importation into England or Scotland respectively, as the Case may be, or the taking out of Warehouse for Home Consumption, of any such Sort of Foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, on Payment of the second Low Duty only, and no other, and in like Manner to recall such Prohibition or Permission, if Circumstances shall appear so to require; and if any Person shall import or export any Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, contrary to such Prohibition or Permission of his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, the Person so importing or exporting the same shall be subject and liable to the like Forfeitures and Penalties* and the said Corn or other Articles, and the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported or exported* shall be subject and liable to the like Forfeitures as if the said Corn or other Articles were imported or exported contrary to the Provisions of this or any other Act: Provided always, That as often as the Importation of any Sort of Corn, Meal, or Flour, on the Low Duties, shall be permitted by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, such Permission shall continue in force for the Space, of three Months at least from the Date of the Order of Council made for that Purpose, unless such Order be made before the thirtieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Power hereby granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation from England and Scotland respectively, of any Sort of Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any Foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, that shall have been imported, and shall he warehoused in Manner and on the Conditions mentioned in the said Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to permit the carrying Coastwise, or carrying out, or the Exportation of the several Sorts of Corn, and other Articles herein-before mentioned, for any of the Purposes mentioned in the said Act or in this Act, in like Manner, and in the same Proportions and Quantities, and from and to the same Ports and Places, as. is by the said Act or by this present Act allowed, at such Times as any of the several Sorts of Com, or other Articles before mentioned', are prohibited to be exported* by reason of the Price of any such Sort of Corn being at or above^the Price mentioned

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 63.

4*9

tioned in Table (B), in Restrictions, Forfeitures required and imposed.

the said Act contained, subject to the like Securities, Conditions, Regulations and prohibited to be and Penalties as are by that Act, or by any other Act now in force in any such Case <xPorccd Ac~

3 3 J 3 3 count of the

Price being at or

above the Priee mentioned in Table (B) of recited Act*

IX. Provided also, That if any Person or Persons shall have entered outwards any Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, and shall have begun to ship or lay the same on Board before such Prohibition to export shall be made, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Hens and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, if he or they shall think fit, to permit the Exportation of such Corn or other Articles actually shipped or laden on Board, or so much thereof expressed in such Entry, as shall have been so shipped or laden on Board at the Time of the Date of such Prohibition, toexportin the same Manner as if such Prohibition to export had not been made.

The Quantity shipped of Corn* &c. entered outward*, and begun to be(hippeJ be fore Prohibition, may be ptrmufe 1 to be exported.

X. And be it further enacted, That Copies of such Orders made by his Majesty in Council for the Purposes aforesaid, if made when Parliament is fitting, be laid before both Houses of Parliament within three Days after the same shall have been issued; and if made when Parliament i.c not fitting, then within fourteen Days after the Meeting of the next Session of Parliament.

XI. And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether Wheat, and the several Articles enumerated in Table (A) in the said Act, can, according to the Directions of the said Act, be removed Coastwise, from a Port where, the Exportation is allowed without any Bounty, to a Port from whence the same may be exported with the Allowance of Bounty be it enacted, That, from and after the fifteenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, none of the Articles enumerated in Table (A) in the said recited Act shall be removed or carried Coastwise from any Port where the Exportation is allowed without Bounty, to a Port from whence the same may, according to the Directions of the said Act, be exported with the Allowance of Bounty, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of such Articles as shall be removed or carried Coastwise contrary to the Directions of this Act: Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any of the said Articles from being removed or carried Coastwise from any Port where the Exportation is allowed without Bounty, and landed in any Port where, at the Time of the Vessel's arriving, the Exportation shall be permitted with the Allowance of Bounty, if it shall appear by the Coast Document that the Exportation of such Article was there allowed without Bounty at the Time when the same was actually shipped to be removed or carried Coastwise.

Orders in Council to be laid before Parliament.

From July 15, 1793, no Articles in I able ( A ), of the recited Act, to b4-carried Coastwise from any Port where Exportation is allowed without Bounty to any Port where Bounty is allowed, on ' Penalty of Forfeituic 5

but not to extend to Artic'es

not arriving till Bounty is allowed, if it was not allowed at the Time of shipping.

XII. And be it further enacted, That Malt shall be permitted to be carried Coastwise, or otherwise conveyed from any Port in Great Britain, where the Exportation thereof, according to the Regulations of the said Act, is not allowed at the Time that the said Malt was actually shipped, and be landed or unshipped at any other Port of Great Britain, from whence the same, according to the Regulations of the said Act, may then be exported, or from any Port where the Exportation thereof is allowed without Bounty at the Time that the said Malt was actually shipped, and landed or unshipped at any other Port of Great Britain, from whence the same may be exported with the Allowance of Bounty, any Thing in the said Act, or in this Act, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, That due Proof be first made that the Duty of Excise has been paid or chai ged upon the said Malt, and that the Shipper thereof enter into proper Securities for carrying the same Coastwise.

to Ports where Bounty is allowed, &c.

Seed Corn may be carried Cojft-wife, Arc. on certain Conditions.

32 Geo III. Cap. 50,

Oath to be made that such Corn is S:ed Com.

Bond to be given that it shall not be used for any other Purpose. Penalty.

XIII. And whereas it is expedient to permit at all Times the carrying of Seed Corn Coastwise be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person to ship and carry Coastwise, at any Time, Seed Corn, any Thing in this Act, or in the said Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, in case such Corn shall be prohibited to be exported, that during such Prohibition, on the carrying of such Corn Coastwise, Bond shall be given, pursuant to the Directions of an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain; for exempting certain Coast Documents frojn Stamp Duties; for abolishing the Bond ufttally called The Isle of Man Bond; and fer permitting Corn and Grain brought Coast-wife to be transhipped into Lighters for the Purpose of being carried through the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde; and such Corn shall, on the Shipping or Removal Coastwise, be subject and liable to all such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are enacted and provided in the said last recited Act, on the Shipping and Removal of Goods carried Coastwise.

XIV. And, in order to ascertain that the Corn to be shipped Coastwise is Seed Corn, be it further enacted, That the Person intending to ship the same shall before shipping verify upon Oath, before the Collector, Comptroller, or Chief Officer of the Customs, (who is ami are hereby empowered to administer the same,) that the Corn is Seed Corn, and intended for the Purpose of being used as Seed Corn, and for no other Purpose whatever; and such Person shall also give Bond (to remain in force twelve Months) that the said Corn shall be used as Seed Corn, and for no other Purpose whatever, such Bond to be given to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in treble the Value of the Com, and to be taken by the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs; and In case such Corn shall be used for any other Purpose than as Seed Corn, the Bond shall be forfeited, and the Person so using such Corn shall forfeit treble the Value thereof.

Malt may be carriei Coastwise from Ports where Exportation is not allowed by recited ActV, to Ports where ic may be ex pored, and from Ports where Exportation is allowed without Bounty

420

When Oa meal shall be under j }3. per Boll, a Jloun'yof i?. 6d. to be paid on Exportation; but not to be exported when jt or above 14s., 1 xc pt as ‘et forth in Table (C) of recited

a a.

Such Oatmeal to be subject to the Rules of 3r Geo. III. Cap. 30, &c.

When the Prices

of Com* &c shall be at or above the Pikes in Table (H) of rrciied A;t, certain Quantities nuy be expoil?d to Hudson's Bay, and also to Sierra Leone.

In Cases of War, tec. his Majesty in Council may allow certain additional Quantifies of Corn, <Tcc* to be exported.

Sher'fV and Stewart Deputes in Scotland to ch?rge theiv actual Expences.

Corn, &c. may be imported and conveveJ from Borrowstoness, through the Forth and Clyde Canal to the West Coast of Scotland on Payment of the Low Duties.

C. 65. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

XV. And whereas, by the said Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Exportation of Oatmeal is governed and regulated according to the Price of Oats; and it is expe-

client that the Exportation thereof should be governed and regulated according to the Price of Oatmeal;*. be it therefore enacted, That whenever the Price of Oatmeal, taken and ascertained according to the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions in the said Act made and provided with respect to Oats, shall be under thirteen Shillings per Boll, there shall be allowed and paid on the Exportation of such Oatmeal in British-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, a Bounty of one Shilling and Sixpence for every fudi Boll; and whenever the Price of Oatmeal, taken as aforesaid, shall be at or above fourteen Shillings per Boll, then the lame shall not be exported, or loaden or laid on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported, except to the Places from the Ports and in the Quantities mentioned and set forth in Table (C) in the said recited Act, under the Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Act made and provided.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Oatmeal shall be subject and liable to all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, on the Removal or Shipping thereof as Oatmeal is (abject and liable to by virtue of the said Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and of this present Act, and also the said recited Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign ( f his present Majesty.

XVII. And whereas the Quantity of Corn and other Articles permitted by the aforesaid Act to be exported in one Year to Hudson's Bay, as often as the Prices of the different Sorts of Corn are at or above the Prices contained in the Table (B) in the said Act, have been found infufiacient ;* be it further enacted, That as often as the Prices of Corn or other Articles shall be at or above the Prices contained in the said Table (B), it shall and may be lawful to export from the Port of London to Hudson's Bay, for the Benefit of the Hudson's Bay Company, and their Servants redding the re, any Quantity of Corn or other Articles, not exceeding five hundred Tons of Wheat Meal or Flour, nor one thousand Quarters of Oats, Oatmeal, Grots, Barley, Peas, Beans, Malt, and Biscuit, in one Year, under the Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions provided in the said Act respecting Corn and other Articles lb exported to Hudson's Bay^iov the-Benefit of the Hudsons Bay Company, and their Servants residing the re.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That as often as the Prices of the different Sorts of Corn shall be at or above the Prices contained in the said Table (B), it shall be lawful to export from the Port of London to the Settlement of Sierra Leone, for the Benefit of the Sierra Leone Company, and the Settlers residing the re, any Quantity of Corn, not exceeding twenty one Tons of Wheat Flour or Oatmeal, and twenty-five Quarters of Barley and Peas, in one Year, under the like Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions as are provided in the said Act respecting Corn and other Articles so exported to the British Forts, Castles, or Factories in Africa^ by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa.

XIX. And whereas by the said Act it is enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, during such Times as Parliament shall not be fitting, in certain cases, to.

allow, in Addition to the Quantities specified in Table (C) in the said Act, the Exportation of any of the.

Sorts of Corn, or of the other Articles in the said Act before mentioned, not exceeding a limited Quantity in any one Year: And whereas it is expedient that his Majesty should have the same Power during such Time as Parliament shall be fitting :* Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, at all Times, in Cases of War, Hurricane, Dearth, or sudden. Distress, to allow, in Addition to the Quantities specified in the same Table (C), and in Addition to the Quantities herein-before permitted to be exported to Hudson's Bay and to the Settlement of Sierra Leonty the Exportation c f any of the Sorts of Corn, or of the other Articles aforesaid, in any Quantities not exceeding six thousand Quarters of each of the several Sorts of unground Corn, and three thousand Tons of each of the several Sorts of ground Corn or Biscuit in any one Year, under the same Rules and Regulations, Condition? and Restrictions, in such Case provided in the said Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or in this present Act.

XX. And whereas the Allowance of twenty Shillings given by the said Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to the Sheriff and Stewart Deputes in Scotland for each Monthly Return made by them of the Prices of Corn and of Oatmeal within their respective Districts, is not Efficient to defray the Expences incurred by them in summoning Juries and Witnesses, and paying the Officers and Clerks for their Trouble in carrying the said last mentioned Act into Execution;* be it further enacted, That the said Sheriff and Stewart Deputes, over and above the Sum of twenty Shillings allowed to them by the said last mentioned Act, for making out each Return, shall be entitled to charge in their Accounts in the Exchequer in Scotland, the real and actual Expences incurred by them from and lince the Commencement of the said last mentioned Act, or shall be hereafter incurred in summoning Juries and Witnesses, and in carrying the said last mentioned Act into Execution.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel shall arrive at Borrowstoness, laden with Corn, Meal, or Flour dellined for the West Coast of Scotland, and that the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee thereof, or his Agent, shall be desirous to convey such Corn, Meal, or Flour, in Lighters, by or through the Canal called The Forth and Clyde Canal Navigation, to any Port or Creek at the West End of the said Canal, or on the West Coast of Scotland, such Corn, Meal, or Flour may then be imported on Payment of the Duties called The Low Duties; and it shall and may be lawful to unship such Corn, Meal, or Flour into a Lighter or Lighters, and therein to convey the same by or through the said Canal to such Port or Creek as aforesaid, subject nevertheless to the like Conditions, Regulations, Securities, and Restrictions, in all Respects, as Corn, Meal, or Flour which shall be unshipped at Grangemouth in the County of Stirlings to be conveyed;

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 65, 66. 421

by the said Canal in Lighters to any such Port or Creek as aforesaid, at the West End of the said Canal, or on the West Coast of Scotland^ is made subject to by the said Act, or by an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty* intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain; for exempting certain Coast Documents from Stamp Duties; for abolishing the Bond usually called The Isle of Man Bond; and for permitting Corn and Grain brought Coastwise to be transhipped into Lighters, fir the Purpose of being carried through the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning his Majesty's Navy.

[17th June 1793.]

WHEREAS divers injurious Proceedings have lately been had in France, in Derogation of the Honour of his Majesty's Crown, and of the just Rights of his Subjects: And whereas several unjust Seizures have been there made of the Ships and Goods of his Majesty's Subjects, contrary to the Laws of Nations, and to the Faith of Treaties: And whereas the said Acts of unprovoked Hostility have been followed by an open Declaration of War against his Majesty, and his Ally the Republick of the United Provinces .* And whereas his Majesty, by his Order in Council, dated the eleventh Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, was pleased to order, that General Reprisals be granted against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects of France, so that as well his Majesty's Fleet and Ships, as also all other Ships and Vessels that should be commissioned by Letters of Marque, or General Reprisals, or other- wife, by his Majesty's Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, shall and lawfully may seize all Ships, Vessels, and Goods belonging to France, or to any Persons being Subjects of France, or inhabiting within any of the Territories of France, and bring the same to Judgement: Now, for the Encouragement of the Officers and Seamen of his Majesty's Ships of War, and of the Owners and Officers and Seamen of all other British Ships and Vessels having Commissions or Letters of Marque; and for inducing all British Seamen, who maybe in any Foreign Service, to return into this Kingdom, and become serviceable to his Majesty; and for the more effectual fee 11 ring and extending the Trade of his Majesty's Subjects;' be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on board every Ship and Vessel of War in his Majesty's Pay, shall have the sole Interest and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods, and Merchandizes which they have taken since the eleventh Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, or shall hereafter take during the Continuance of Hostilities against France, after the same shall have been adjudged lawful Prize to his Majesty in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's Plantations in America, or elsewhere, which shall be duly authorized to take Cognizance of such Captures, to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner, as his Majesty hath, by his Proclamation of the seventeenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, already ordered and directed, or as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think fit to order and direct, by Proclamation or Proclamations to be issued for those Purposes.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Flag Officers. Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers on Board every Ship and Vessel of War in his Majesty's Pay, being armed, officered, and employed in his Majesty's Service, who shall take any Fortress upon the Land, or any Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize, and Treasure belonging to the State, or to any publick Trading Company of the Enemies of the Crown of Great Britain, upon the Land, or any Ship or Vessel, or Merchandizes laden on board the same, in any Creek, River, Haven, or Road, belonging to and defended by the said Fortress upon the Land, shall have the sole Interest and Property of and in all and every such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize, and Treasure, after final Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty, duly authorized as aforesaid, (which Courts are hereby required to proceed thereon as in other Cases of Prize,) to be distributed by his Majesty in such Proportions and Manner as herein-before is mentioned.

III. Provided always nevertheless, That in all conjunct Expeditions of the Navy and Army against any such Fortress upon the Land, directed by Instructions from his Majesty, the Flag and General Officers and Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, acting in such conjunct Expedition, shall have such proportionable interest and Property as his Majesty, under his Sign Manual, shall think fit to order and direct, in all and every the Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandizes, and Treufure, belonging to the State, or to any publick Trading Company of the Enemies of the Crown of Great Britain, which shall be found in any such Fortress, and also in all and every Ship and Ships, Vessel and Vessels, with their Arms, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, and all and every the Merchandize and other Effects on board, which shall be captured in any Road, Haven, River, or Creek, belonging to and defended by such Fortress, after final Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize.

IV. Provided likewise, and be it enacted, That if no Instructions shall have been given by his Majesty for the Division of the Ships, Goods, and Merchandizes, to be captured in any Expedition against any Fortress on the Land, it shall be lawful for the respective Comn>anders in Chief of the Fleet and of the Army employed,

32 Geo. nr.

Cap. 50,

Order In Council of Feb. 11,

1793.

Officers and Men of his Majesty's Ships of War to have all Ships and Cargoes taken, or vs h:ch may be tsletr, since Feb. 11, 1795, divided agreeably to I'rocla-mation of April

J7, 1793.

cr to be entitled to Arm?, Scc. taken in any Fortress upon LanJ, and to Vessels, &c. in any C»eek defended iheieby, &c.

Where the Navy and Army aft join iy against a Fortress, the Prop riion or* Prizes to be Majesty/h.U direct;

t ut if no instructions are given by his Majesty, the re-

422 C. 66. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 179$.

speftive Commanders in Chief

mav Tertis the Division, &c.

Army not ro share in Prize* captured in the Voyage.

Shares of Officers and Seamen who have run from the Service, or Shues not demanded within a limited Time, to be forfeited;

unless the Run Maik be taken. tiff, ani Cause be stewn why Shares were not deman ied in the Jimiied Time, Commanders of Ships of War to forfeit Shares of Prize', in certain cases,

Captains of Merchant Ships dif-obeying the Commander of the Consoy, liable to Punishment.

Admiralty may issue Letters of

Prizes taken oy Ptivateer# to be divided among thi Otriers of the Vessels and Capton as they J*jy agree tn.

ployed, to make Agreements in Writing for the Division of the Ships, Goods, and Merchandizes so to be" taken, between the said Fleet and Army, which Agreements being approved and confirmed by his Majesty shall be binding on all Persons, and the Share assigned to the Fleet by such Agreement shall be distributed therein according to his Majesty's Proclamation, and the Share assigned to the Army shall be distributed amongst the Officers and Soldiers in Proportions correspondent thereto.

V. Provided nevertheless, That the Interest and Property hereby given to the Army employed on such conjunct Expeditions shall not extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to entitle the said Army to share in the Distribution of any Ships or Vessels, Goods, Merchandize, or Effects, captured in the Voyage to or from such Fortress.

VI. Provided also, That the Shares of Prize of all such Officers and Seamen, who shall be marked on the Books of any Ship or Vessel in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as having run therefrom^ and also the Shares of all such Officers and Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others, which shall not be legally demanded within three Years after the same shall have been paid to the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, by virtue of any Law then in force, shall be forfeited to and to the Use of the said Royal Hospital, unless with respect to such Officers and Seamen as shall be marked Run, such Mark shall be taker! off by Order of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or by* Order of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy; and unless with respect to the Shires of such Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others, which shall not be claimed within the Time above limited irl that Behalf, reasonable Cause shall be shewn and allowed by the Governors of the said Hospital for tbd Time being, or by the judge of the High Court of Admiralty, why such last mentioned Shares were not claimed in due Time.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Captain or other Commander of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War having Transports or Merchant Ships or Vessels under Convoy, shall wilfully desert or fail away from them, in pursuit of, and with the View of capturing any Ship ot Vessel of the Enemy, (other than Ships or Vessels armed and fitted for War only, and which shall be feed hovering about or bearing down upon such Convoy,) or having captured a Prize shall wilfully desert the-Convoy for the Purpose of carrying his Prize into Port, or if the Commander of any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, having his Majesty's Dispatches on Board, shall fail out of his proper Course, in Pursuit, and with the View of making Prize of any Ship or Vessel of the Enemy, and shall be duly convicted thereof by Sentence of a Court Martial, such Commander shall forfeit his Share of all and every such Prize to his Majesty for thfe. Use of Greenwich Hospital.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Captain of any Merchant Ship under Convoy shall wilfully disobey Signals, or Instructions, or any other lawful Commands of the Commander of the Convoy, or shall desert the Convoy without Notice given and Leave obtained for that Purpose, he shall be liable to be articled against in the High Court of Admiralty at the Suit of the Crown, for Dilbbedience to the Orders of the Convoy, and upon Conviction thereof shall be fined, at the Discretion of the said Court, in any Sum not exceeding five hundred Pounds, and shall suffer such Imprisonment, not exceeding one Year, as the said Court shall adjudge.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the "Lime being, or any three or more of them, or any Per foil or Persons by him or them empowered and appointed*, shall, at the Request of any Owner or Owners, whom they shall deem fitly qualified, of any Ship or Vessel registered pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, /In A3 for the further In cr case and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, (such Owner or Owners giving such Bail or Security as hereafter is mentioned or expressed,) cause to be ifiucd in the usual Manner one or more Commission or Commissions, or Letter or Letters of Marque and Reprisal, to any Person or Persons whom I'uch Owner or Owners shall nominate to be. Commander, or in cale of Death successively Commanders of such Ship or Vessel for the attacking, fur-prizing, seizing, and taking, by and with such Ship or Vessel, or with the Crew thereof, any Place or Fortress upon the Land, or any Ship or Vessel, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods or Merchandise, belonging to or possessed by any of his Majesty's Enemies, in any Sea, Creek, Haven, or River; and that such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, and Merchandizes whatsoever, with all their Furniture, Tackle, and Apparel, so to be taken by or with such private Owner or Owners Ship or Vessel, according to such Commission and Commissions, or Letter or Letters of Marque, after final Adjudication as lawful Priye in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any other Court of Admiralty in his Majesty's Dominions, which shall be duly authorized thereto as aforesaid, shall wholly and entirely belong to and be divided between and among the Owner and Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and the several Persons who shall be on board the same, and be aiding and assisting in the taking thereof, in such Shares and* Proportions as shall be agreed on with the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel as shall he the O.ptor thereof, their Agents or Factors, as the proper Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, and the Persons who shall be entitled thereto, by virtue of such Agreements among themselves; and that neither his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, nor any Admiral, Vice Admiral, Governor, or other Person commissioned by, cr claiming under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, nor any other Person or Persons whomsoever, other than the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, being the Captor of such Prize Ship or Vessel, Aims*-Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, and Merchandizes, and the Persons claiming under such Agreements,

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 66.

shall be entitled to any Part or Share thereof, except as to the Customs and Duties hereafter mentioned, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to entitle any Person or Persons to any Interest in such Ships or Vessels, Goods or Merchandizes, as may be captured by any private Ships or Vessels of War belonging to his Majesty's Commissioners of Customs or Excise, but that the same Ships or Vessels, Goods and Merchandizes, so captured, shall belong to his Majesty, and be applied and disposed of in such Manner as his Majesty, under his Sign Manual, shall order and direct, after legal Adjudication thereof.

XI. And, for the Encouragement of the Capture of small armed Ships belonging to the Enemy, be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Captors to include in one Adjudication any Number, not exceeding fix, of such small armed Ships, having a Commission or Letter of Marque from the Enemy, not exceeding fifty Tons each, and which shall have been taken within the Space of three Months preceding the Application to the Court of Admiralty for such Adjudication.

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall entitle any private Ship or Vessel, having a Commission for War, and which shall receive general Orders and Instructions from, and put herself under the Convoy of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, to share in any Prize or Prizes taken by such Ships or Vessels of his Majesty, or by such private Ship or Vessel having a Commission for War, or Letter of Marque, whilst the said commissioned Ship or Vessel shall remain under the Care and Protection of such Convoy, unless such private Ship or Vessel shall have received Orders from the Commander of the convoying Ship to chafe, or otherwise adi hostilely against the Enemy, and shall have been actually aiding and assisting in such Capture.

XIII. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, which shall be taken as Prize, and brought or imported into this Kingdom, or any of his Majesty's Dominions, from the Payment of any Customs or Duties, or from being subject to the Restrictions and Regulations to which the same now are, or shall hereafter be liable, by virtue of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before the granting or issuing of any Commission or Letter of Marque, in pursuance of this Act, such Bail and Security shall be taken as hath been usual in such cases; and that previous thereto the Persons who propose to be bound and give such Security shall severally make Oath before the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of England, or Judge of any other Court of Admiralty which shall be authorized as aforesaid, in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, or his or their Surrogates, that they the said Persons who shall become Sureties are at the Time of their beirigsworn respectively worth more than the Sum for which they are to be bound, over and above all their just Debts; and moreover, the Marftial for the Time being of the said High Court of Admiralty, and of any of the said other Courts, or his Deputy, shall make diligent Inquiry, and certify him or themselves of the Sufficiency of such Bail and Security, and make thereupon a Report to such Judge, or his Surrogate, before any such Commission or Letter of Marque shall be granted.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who shall apply to the said Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any Person or Persons by him or them empowered and appointed, in order to obtain any Commission or Letter of Marque to be granted or issued forth in pursuance of this Act, shall make every such Application in Writing, and therein let forth a particular, true, and exact Description of the Ship or Vessel for which such Commission or Letter of Maraue is requested, specifying the Name and Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, what Sort of Built (he is, and the Number and Nature of the Guns on Board the same, to what Place belonging, and the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and the Number of Men intended to be put on Board the same (all which Particulars shall be inserted in every Commission or Letter of Marque to be granted in pursuance of this Act); and that every Commander of a private Ship or Vessel of War^ for which a Commission or Letter of Marque shall be granted in pursuance of this Act, shall produce such Commission or Letter of Marque to the Collector, Cuf-tomer, or Searcher, for the Time being, of his Majesty's Customs, residing at or belonging to the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be first fitted out, or to the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Customer, or Searcher > and the Lid Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall, as soon thereafter as conveniently may be, without Fee or Reward, inspect and examine such Ship or Vessel, so as to ascertain the Built and Burthen thereof, and the Number of Men, and the Number and Nature of the Guns on Board the same; and if such Ship or Vessel shall thereupon be found to be of such Built and Burthen, and be manned and armed according to the Tenor of the Description inserted in such Commission or Letter of Marque as aforesaid, or be of a greater Burthen or Force than shall be mentioned in such Commission or Letter of Marque, then and not otherwise such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall, and he and they are hereby required, immediately upon the Request of the Commander of such Ship or Vessel, to give a Certificate thereof in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, gratis, to such Commander, which Certificate shall be deemed a necessary Clearance before such Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to fail from that Port: And if the Commander of any Ship or Vessel, for which any Commission or Letter of Marque shall have been granted in pursuance of this Act, shall depart with such Ship or Vessel from such Port of Clearance before he hath received such Certificate, or shall depart from any such Port, or proceed upon a Cruize, with a Force inferior to the Force specified in such Commission or Letter of Marque, every such Commission or Letter of Marque shall from thenceforth be absolutely

423

Captured Ship?, &c. belonging to the Excise, to belong to his Majesty.

Small Privateers taken from the Enemy may be included in one Adjudication.

PrivateSh'ps of War under Convoy of his Majesty's Ships, not entitled to fti.<re Prizes taken in that Period.

(Exception.)

Prizes to be liable to Duties.

Previous to granting Letters' of Marque, Security to be taken.

Sureties to make Oath of their Sufficiency, of which the Officer of the Court of Admiralty is to inquire and report.

Applications for Letters of Marque to be made in Writing, and to contain the Particular* herein specified.

Commanders of Privateers to produce their Commissions to the Officer of the Custom? at the Port of fitting.out, who are to examine the Ships, and grant Certificates of Clearance.

Penalty on Commanded for departing without Certificates, or with a left Force than

424

fppofied in the Leiter of Marque.

Penal'y on Officers of the Cuf-t<'nru granting false Certificates*

Application of Forfeiture.

Burthens of Vessels-to be ascertained by Certificates of Registry, to be produced before issuing Letters of Marque.

Vessels to -which Letters of Marque are granted to be teemed keen fed.

letters of Marque to be forfeited for Offences against the Revenue Laws.

JLetten of Marque may be revoked.

Secretary to the Admiralty to give Notice of such Revocation, wh:ch shall lake effect as herein specified.

Complaint of such Revocation may be made to his Majesty in Council; and if super-feded, the Letter

C. 66. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

null and void, and the Commander To offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one thousand Pounds, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by any Person or Persons who will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and shall also be imprisoned for such Space of Time as such Court shall direct, not exceeding one Year for any one Offence.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Collector, Customer, or Searcher of his Majesty's Customs, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall grant a Certificate for any Ship or Vessel which shall not be of the Burthen and Force specified in the Commission or Letter of Marque granted to the Commander or Commanders thereof, or shall certify to a greater Burthen or Force than she really is, he shall for such Offence forfeit his said Office, and be for ever incapable of holding any Office under Government whatsoever, and shall also forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by any Person or Persons who will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, in which no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and one Moiety of the said Penalty of one hundred Pounds, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and one Moiety to the Treasurer for the Time being of the Corporation for the Relief and Support of the Tick, maimed, and disabled Seamen, and of the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, slain, or drowned in the Service of the Merchants, for the Use of such Corporation; or where such Forfeiture shall be incurred in any of the Out Ports in which a Corporation is established, or shall hereafter be established, for the Purposes aforesaid, then one Moiety of such Penalty shall be paid to the Trustees, for the Use of the Corporation so to be established.

XVII. Provided always, That the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel so to be certified shall be ascertained by the Certificate of Registry granted for such Ship or Vessel, under and pursuant to the Directions of the said recited ACI, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, which Certificate shall be produced to the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, before the issuing of any Commission or Letter of Marque for such Ship or Vessel.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Ship and Vessel for which such Commission or Letter of Marque shall be granted as aforesaid, and for and during the Time that such Commission or Letter of Marque shall remain in force under the Authority of this Act, and no longer, shall be deemed and taken to be a Ship or Vessel licensed pursuant to an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, although the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall not have been furnished with the Licence required by the said recited Act.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the Owner or Owners, Commander, Master,

or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, for which such Commission or Letter of Marque (halt be issued as aforesaid, shall be guilty of any Offence contrary to any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, for the Protection of his Majesty's Revenues of Customs or Excise, or for the Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, such Owner or Owners, Commander, Master, and other Person, shall forfeit the Commission or Letter of Marque so issued for such Ship or Vessel, over and besides all other Penalties and Forfeitures which he or they shall have incurred by reason of such Offence.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, at any Time or Times hereafter, to revoke and make void, by any Order or Orders in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, any Commission or Commissions, or Letter or Letters of Marque, which hath, have been, or shall be issued forth to any Person or Persons who hath, have been, or shall be nominated Commander or Commanders of any Ship or Vessel, either in pursuance of his Majesty's Order in Council, or this present Act: Provided nevertheless, That the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being shall,

with all convenient Speed, after any and every such Commission or Letter of Marque shall be so revoked, cause Notice thereof in Writing to be forthwith sent to the Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel named or described in such Order of Revocation, or to his or their Agent or Agents, Surety or Sureties, or some or one of them; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in the Channel, the said Order of Revocation shall be effectual to supersede and annul the said Commission or Letter of Marque, at the Expiration of twenty Days from and after such Notice given as aforesaid, or sooner if Notice shall be actually given in Writing, by the Secretary of the Admiralty to the Captain or Commander thereof; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in the Northern Seas, at the Expiration of thirty Days; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, or in the Mediterranean, at the Expiration of six Weeks; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in North America, or the West Indies, at the Expiration of three Months; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in the Raft Indies, at the Expiration of six Months, from and after such respective Notices shall be given as aforesaid: And any Commander or Commanders, Owner or Owners, Agent or Agents, Surety or Sureties of any such Ship or Vessel, whereof such Commission or Letter of Marque, issued or to be issued forth as aforesaid, shall be so revoked, may complain thereof to his Majesty in Council within thirty Days next after the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being shall cause Notice thereof to be given as aforesaid, and the Determination of his Majesty in Council, touching every such Complaint, shall be final: Provided always, That in case any such Order of Revocation shall be superseded, such Commission

C. 66.

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 66. 425

or Letter of Marque shall be deemed and taken to have continued in force, and all Prizes taken by Marque to b«

virtue thereof shall belong to and be the Property of such Owners and Captors, in such Manner as the same ed° ir*

would have been in case such Order of Revocation had not been made: Provided also, That no Person shall force

be liable (before he shall have received personai Notice of such Order of Revocation) to be^ punished for personsaj Kotice

doing any Matter or Thing which he might have lawfully done under the Authority of such Commission or nfctflary-, to

Letter of Marque, in case such Order of Revocation had not been made. fu'jc&io Punishment.

XXI. And whereas in all private Ships or Vessels of War, or Merchant Ships or Vessels, for which Commissions or Letters of Marque, shall betaken out, it is expedient, for the better Discipline and Government of such Ships and Vessels, that all Persons who enter themselveson Board the same should be under proper Regulations, and pay Obedience to the lawful Commands of the Captains and Chief Commanders of the said Shins and Vessels Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Offences com- Offence* m mitted by any Officer or Seaman on Board any Privateer or Merchant Ship, having taken a Commission or Bo*rd ^ivateen Letter of Marque during the present Hostilities with Finance, shall be tried and punished in such Manner as on the like Offences are tried and punished when committed by any Person belonging to his Majesty's Fleet: Board ih«F°e«f, Provided always, That all Offenders who shall be accused of such Crimes as are cognizable by a Court &c.

Martial shall be confined on Board such Privateer, or Merchant Ship or Vessel carrying Letter of Marque, in which such Offence shall be committed, until they shall arrive at some Port in Great Britain or Ireland, or can meet with such a Number of his Majesty's Ships of War Abroad as are sufficient to make a Court Martial; and upon Application made by the Commander of such Privateer, or Merchant Ship or Vessel carrying Letter of Marque, to the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or to the Commander in Chief, or Senior Officer of his Majesty's said Ships of War Abroad, the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or such Commander in Chief, or Senior Officer Abroad, are hereby authorised and required, in the usual Manner, to call a Court Martial for trying and punishing the said Offences.

XXII. And whereas good and necessary Laws are in force within several of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, for preventing the carrying off from the said Colonies or Plantations any Servant

or Slave without the Consent of the Owner, or the carrying off from thence any other Person or Persons Commandfraof whomsoever, until such Person shall have taken out his Ticket from the Secretary's Office within such shi^s^iabkin respective Colony or Plantation, in such Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as in and by America to the the said several Laws is declared and provided Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Laws there for all Commanders of private Ships of War, or Merchant Ships having Letters of Marque, shall, upon their preventing the going into any of the Ports or Harbours in the said Colonies or Plantations, be subject, and they are hereby de- so^Whout* dared to be subject to the several Directions, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures in and by such Laws the requisite made and provided; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. Confect.

XXIII. And, for the more speedy proceeding to Condemnation or other Determination of any Prize Regulations for Ship or Vessel, Goods or Merchandizes already taken, or hereafter to be taken as aforesaid, and for lessening Determination! t)ie Expences which have been usual in such cases, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That respecting

the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of England, and of any other Court of Admiralty which shall be prizer* authorized thereto, or such Person or Persons who shall be by them commissioned for that Purpose, within five Days after Request made to him or them for that Purpose, shall finiffi the usual preparatory Examination of the Persons commonly examined in such cases, in order to prove the Capture to be lawful Prize, or to inquire whether the same be lawful Prize or not; and that the proper Monition usual in such Cases shall be issued by the Person or Persons proper to issue the same, and shall be executed by the Person or Persons proper to execute the same, within the Space of three Days after Request in that Behalf made; and in case no Claim of such captured Ship, Vessel, or Goods, shall be duly entered or made in the usual Form, and attested upon Oath, giving twenty Days Notice after the Execution of such Monition, or if there be such Claim, and the Claimant or Claimants shall not, within five Days from the Time of entering such Claim* give sufficient Security (to be approved of by such Court of Admiralty) to pay double Costs to the Captor or Captors of such Ship, Vessel, or Goods, in case the same so claimed shall be adjudged lawful Prize, that then the Judge of such Court of Admiralty shall, upon producing to him the said Examinations, or Copies thereof, and producing to him upon Oath all the Papers and Writings which shall have been found taken in or with such Capture, or on Board any other captured Ship or Vessel, regarding the same, or upon Oath made that no Papers or Writings were found, proceed with all convenient Speed to Sentence, either to discharge and acquit such Capture, or to adjudge and condemn the same to be good and lawful Prize, according as shall appear to him, upon Perusal of such preparatory Examinations, and also the Papers and Writings found taken in or with such Capture, or on Board any other captured Vessel, regarding the same, if any such shall be found; and in case any such Claim shall be duly entered or made, and Security given thereupon, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, and there shall appear no Occaffon to enter into any other Examination, that then such Judge shall, within ten Days, if possible, after such Claim made and Security given, proceed to Sentence as aforesaid touching such Capture; but in case, upon making or entering such Claim, Dire£Hons for and the Attestation thereupon, or the producing of such Papers and Writings as aforesaid, regarding such cap- proceeding tured Ship or Vessel, or Goods, and upon the said preparatory Examinations, it shall appear doubtful to the *'hers the said Judge whether such Capture be lawful Prize or not, and it shall appear to him to be necessary, according 13 doubl*yl# to the Circumstances of the Case, for the clearing and determining such Doubt, to have an Examination of Witnessles on Pleadings given in by the Parties, and admitted by the Judge, and such Examination shall be

426

On Security, the Judge to order the Prize to be delivered to the Claimants;

but if they re-fiife to give Security, the Judge, on Security from the t'aptorr, to order it to be delivered to them. Captures brought into his Majesty's Dominions Abroad, to be under the Care of the Officers of the Costomf, 8cc. till Sentence, Ac,

All Writing* found on Board Captures, to be brought into the-.Registry of the Court of Admiralty, 8cc,

No more than certain Sums to be paid to the Officers of Courts of Vice Admiralty Abroad.

Penalty for Delay of Proceedings in such Courts,

Application of Penalty,

A ppeals from

Sentenrcs of Courts of Admiralty may be made to the Commissioners for Appeals,

C. 66. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793'.

desired, and that it shall be dill insisted on, on Behalf of the Captors, that the said Capture is lawful Prize, and the contrary be insisted on, on the P^rt of the Claimant* that then the said Judge shall forthwith cause such Capture to be appraised by Persons weH-fktfied in the same, to be named by the Parties, and approved and appointed by the Court, and sworn truly to appraise the same, according to the best of their Skill and Knowledge, for which Purpose the said Judge shall cause the Goods found on Board to be unladen, and (an Inventory thereof being first taken, if the Judge shall think necessary, by the Marshal of the Admiralty, or his Deputy) shall cause them to be put into proper Warehouses, with separate Locks, of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and where there is no Comptroller then of the Naval Officer, and the Agents or Persons employed by the Captors and Claimants, at the Charge of the Party desiring the same, and shall after such Appraisement, and within the Space of fourteen Days after the making of the said Claim* proceed to take good and sufficient Security from the Claimants to pay the Captors the full Value thereof, according to such Appraisement, in case the same shall be adjudged lawful Prize, and shall also proceed tq take good and sufficient Security from the Captors to pay such Costs as the Court shall think proper, in case such Ship, Vessel, or Goods shall not be condemned as lawful Prize; and after such Securities duly given, the said Judge shall make an Interlocutory Order for releasing or delivering the same to such Claimant or Claimants, or his or their Agents, and the same shall be actually released and delivered accordingly,

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Claimant or Claimants shall refuse to give such Security, the Judge shall cause the Captor or Captors in like Manner to give good and sufficient Security to pay the said Claimant or Claimants the full Value thereof, according to the Appraisement, in case any such Capture or Captures shall be adjudged not to be lawful Prize, and the said Judge shall thereupon proceed to make an Interlocutory Order for the releasing and delivering the same to the said Captor or Captors, or their Agents.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Captures as aforesaid, which shall be brought into any of his Majesty's Dominions Abroad, in order to be proceeded against to Condemnation in any of his Majesty's Courts of Vice Admiralty, being thereto duly authorized, shall, without breaking Bulk, stay there, and be under the joint Care and Custody of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and where there is no Comptroller, then of the Naval Officer of the Port or Place where the same shall be brought* and the Captors or Claimants thereof* or their Agent or Agents* subject to the Direction of such Court of Vice Admiralty, until the same shall by final Sentence have been either cleared and discharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful Prize* or that such Interlocutory Order as aforesaid shall have been made for the releasing or delivering the same, and upon the final Condemnation or Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize, shall be immediately delivered unto the Captors thereof, or their Agents,

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Books, Papers, and Writings, found in any Ship or Vessel taken as Prize, shall, without Delay, be brought into the Registry of the Court of Admiralty upon Oath, wherein such Ship or Vessel may be proceeded against, in order to Condemnation; but that only such Books, Papers, and Writings shall be made use of and transtated, as shall be agreed or insisted upon by the Proctors of the several Parties, Captors or Claimants, or in case of no Claim by the Captor or his Proctor, or Agent or Register, to be necessary for ascertaining the Property of such Ship or Vessel* and Cargo thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall not be paid unto or among the Judge and Officers of any such Court of Vice Admiralty in his Majesty's Plantations and Dominions Abroad, authorized as aforesaid, for, towards, or relating to the adjudging or condemning of such Capture as aforesaid as lawful Prize, above the Sum of ten Pounds in case such Prize Ship or Vessel be under the Burthen of one hundred Tons, nor above the Sum of fifteen Pounds in case the same be of that, or any greater Burthen, the same to be disposed of or divided as such Judge shall think fit; and that after Payment or Tender to such Judge of the said respective Sums, as the Case may require, if any such Judge or other Officer, in any of his Majesty's said Courts of Vice Admiralty, to whom respectively it shall appertain, shall wilfully delay the doing, performing* making, or pronouncing any of the several Proceedings, Matters, or Things, for, towards, or relating to the condemning or discharging, releasing or delivering of any such Capture in Manner aforesaid, within the respective Times herein-before limited, or as soon as the same, or any of them, ought to be done, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this ACT or of the Instructions which his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council* shall from Time to Time cause to be given to such Judge or Officer, every such Judge or other Officer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors* and one Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to such Person or Persons wno shall inform or sue for the same in any of the Courts in or for any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations, or in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record \n Great Britain, wherein no Eflbin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed,.

XXVIII. Provided nevertheless*and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Captor or Captors, Claimant or Claimants shall not rest satisfied with the Sentence, or Interlocutory Decree having the Force of a Definitive Sentence, given or pronounced in the High Court of Admiralty of England,\ or in any Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty in any of his Majesty's Dominions* duly authorized to proceed in Prize causes* it shall and may be lawful for the Party or Parties thereby aggrieved to appeal from the said High Court of Admiralty, or from any of the said Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, to the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed under the Great Seal of Great Britain* for receiving* hearing, and determining Appeals in causes of Prize, such Appeals to be interposed and received in the like Manner

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 66.

as Appeals to such commissioners in Prize causes have been usually interposed and received from the said High Court of Admiralty, so as the same may be made within fourteen Days after Sentence, or Interlocutory Decree having the Force of a Definitive Sentence, and good Security be likewise given by the Appellant or Appellants, that he or they will effectually prosecute such Appeal, and answer the Condemnation, and also pay such Costs as shall be awarded, in case the Sentence, or Interlocutory Decree having the Force of a Definitive Sentence, of such Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, be affirmed; any Thing in this Act before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, That the Execution of any Sentence, or Interlocutory Decree having the Force of a Definitive Sentence, appealed from as aforesaid, shall not be suspended by Reason of such Appeal, in case the Party or Parties appellate shall give sufficient Security, to be approved of by the Court in which such Sentence or Interlocutory Decree shal 1 be given, to restore the Ship, Vessel, Goods, or Effects, concerning which such Sentence or Interlocutory Decree shall be pronounced, or the full Value thereof, to the Appellant or Appellants, in case the Sentence or Interlocutory Decree so appealed from shall be reversed.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person who was not a Party in the first Instance of the Cause shall intervene in or interpose an Appeal from a Sentence, or Interlocutory Decree having the Force of a Definitive Sentence, given or pronounced in any Admiralty Court, such Person, or his or her Agent or Agents, shall at the same Time enter his or her Claim, otherwise such Appeal shall be null and void.

XXX. And whereas great Inconveniencies have arisen by Appeals in Prize causes not being prosecuted in a reasonable Time, and from secret Appeals, or Protocols of Appeais, being entered before a Notary Publick, without any Notice given to the Court or Parties appellate, or their Proctors For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That every Person being a Party in a Prize Cause in the High Court of Admiralty of England, or in any Vice Admiralty Court, and against whom a Sentence shall hereafter be given, or any Interlocutory Decree having the Force of a Definitive Sentence pronounced, and who shall appeal therefrom within fourteen Days, shall prosecute such his Appeal by taking out the usual Inhibition within three Months after the Time such Sentence or Interlocutory Decree shall be given, if such Sentence or Decree shall be given in the High Court of Admiralty, and within nine Months, if such Sentence or Decree shall be given in any of the Vice Admiralty Courts; and that after the Expiration of the said Terms of three Months and nine Months, respectively limited as aforesaid, without any Inhibition having been taken out, no Appeal shall be allowed to be prosecuted by any Person being a Party, in the said High Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, nor shall any Inhibition be granted at the Prayer of such Person or his Prodlor, but the said Sentence or Interlocutory Decree shall (land confirmed as to such Person; and in all Cases where a Sentence shall be given, or Interlocutory Decree having the Force of a Definitive Sentence shall be pronounced, in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any of his Majesty's Admiralty or Vice Admiralty Courts, duly authorized, any Person not being a Party in the first Instance, who does not interpose his Appeal, and at the same Time give his Claim, and pray the usual Inhibition, within one Year, shall not after such Year hath elapsed be entitled to any Appeal.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Appeal shall be interposed from a Sentence, or Interlocutory Decree having the Force of a Definitive Sentence, given or pronounced in any Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, concerning any Ship or Vessel, or Goods or Effects, which have been or now are, or shall hereafter be seized and taken as Prize, that then and in such Case the Judge of such Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty shall and may, at the Request, Costs, and Charges either of the Cap-for or Claimant (or of the Claimant only, in Cases where the Privilege is reserved in favour of the Claimant by any Treaty or Treaties subsisting between his Majesty and Foreign Powers) make an Order to have such Capture appraised, unless the Parties shall otherwise agree upon the Value thereof, and an Inventory to be made, and then take Security for the full Value thereof accordingly, and thereupon cause such Capture to be delivered to the Party giving such Security, in like Manner as is herein-before enabled, notwithstanding such Appeal; and if there shall be any Difficulty or sufficient Objection to the giving or taking Security, the Judge shall, at the Request of either of the Parties, order such Goods and Effects to be entered, landed, and-sold by Publick Auction, under the Care and Custodyof the proper Officers of the Customs, and under the Direction and Inspection of such Persons as shall be appointed by the Claimants and Captors, and the Monies arising from the Sale shall be brought into Coutt, and by the Register, Deputy Register, or Deputy Registers of the said Court, be deposited in the Bank of England, or (in case the Captors and Claimants shall agree thereto) in some Publick Securities at Interest, in the Names of the Register, and of such Trustees as they the said Captors and Claimants shall appoint, and die Court shall approve; and if such Security shall be given by the Claimants, then it is hereby also enacted, that the Judge shall give such captured Ship or Vessel a Pass, under his Seal, to prevent its being again taken by his Majesty's Subjects in its destined Voyage.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Sentence, or Interlocutory Decree having the Force of a Definitive Sentence, of such Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty shall be finally reversed, after Sale of any Ship or Goods, pursuant to the Directions in this Act contained, the nett Proceeds of such Sale (after Payment of all Expences attending the same) shall be deemed and taken to be the lull Value of such ship and Goods, and that the Party or Parties appellate, and their Securities, shall not be answerable for the Value beyond the Amount of such nett Proceeds, unless it shall appear that such Sale was made fraudulently, or without due Care.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Judge, Register, or Deputy Register, Marshal, or Deputy Marshal, or any other Officer whomsoever, of or belonging to any Court of Ad*

miralty

427

but the Ereeu-tion ol Sentence* not to be suspended, if the Appellee give Security.

Persons not Par*

ties in the first Instance, to enter their Claims, or Appeals to be void.

Appellants to take out Inhibitions within certain Periods, or Appeals not prosecutable.

Persons not being Parties in the first Instance, to give in Claims within a Year*

Court of Admiralty, on Request of Captors or Claimants, to order Captures to be appraised, and on Security for the Value, to be delivered } or may order the Effe£b to be sold.

On Security from Claimants, a Pass to be given for the Capture.

If Sentences be reversed after Sale of Captures, the nett Proceeds to be deemed their. Value

No Officer of ny Court of Admiralty, or

428

Perst n pr^&ifing the iein, to be inr» reflet! in any Vessel having a Letter of Matqu?.

P* iidhy for olT.'nsii g.

No RegiCrr, &c. o- at \ C urt of Arlrrira'ty to act as Advocar-, &c. in any C?use de*-pending in the C'ouit to u. hich he teloi ps, on Penalty of For-ieitute ot Employment.

A£V not to refrain his Majesty from giving JJi eflions to Courts of Admiralty.

Penalty on Corrmanderr of Privateers ran-ioaiing 1'iizts.

No captured Vessel, &c. belonging to his Majesty's Sob* Je£tf, to be ran-fomed.

Contrasts for Ransoms to be void.

Penalty on Persons ransoming, contrary to this Act.

51. to be paid for every Officer and Man who was on board, at the Beiiinn'ng of the Action, of Shi os of War or Priva eers belonging to the Enemy, taken or

C. 66. Anno triceflino tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

miralty or Vice Admiralty in Great Britain, or in any of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, or in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, nor any Person or Persons practising either as Advocate, Proctor, or o: her wife, in any such Court or Courts, shall be concerned or interested, directly or indirectly, as Owner, Part Owner, Sharer, or Adventurer, in any private Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels of War whatsoever, having any Commission or Commissions, or Letter of Marque as aforesaid; and in case any such ' ' Judge, Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, Deputy Marshal, or other Officer, Advocate, or Proctor whatsoever, Avail, notwithstanding this Act, be directly or indirectly concerned or interested as aforesaid, such Judge, Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, Deputy Marshal, or other Officer respectively, shall for every such Offence (being thereof lawfully convicted in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, or at any General Sefliun of the Peace in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America) absolutely forfeit his Office and Employment in and belonging to any such Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, of what Kina y or Nature soever such Office or Employment may be, and shall also forfeit and pay, to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and every such Advocate or Proctor reflectively shall for such last mentioned Offence (being thereof lawfully convicted in Manner aforesaid) be from thenceforth absolutely disqualified and rendered incapable of practising either as an Advocate or Proctor in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty wheresoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Register or Deputy Register, nor

any Marshal or Deputy Marshal, of or belonging to any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty whatsoever, shall either directly or indirectly, by himself or themselves, or by any Agent or Agents, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, aft or be concerned in any Manner, either as an Advocate or Proc-

for, in any Cause, Matter, or Business whatsoever, that shall be depending in any such Court or Courts of Admiralty, or Vice Admiralty, to which such Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, or Deputy Marshal, shall then belong; and that every Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, or Deputy Marshal, who shall be guilty of such Offence (being thereof lawfully convicted, cither upon an Information or Indictment, in Manner aforesaid) shall from thenceforth absolutely forfeit his respective Office and Employment of Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, or Deputy Marshal, in and belonging to the same Court.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to restrain his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from giving such further Rules and Directions from Time to Time to his respective Courts of Admiralty and Vice Admiralty, for the Adjudication and Condemnation of Prizes, as by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall be thought necessary or proper.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case at any Time or Times any Commander or Commanders of any private Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels of War, commissioned as aforesaid, shall agree with the Commander or Commanders, or other Person or Persons of or belonging to any neutral or other Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, or the respective Cargo or Cargoes thereof, or any Part thereof, for the Ransom of any such Ship, Vessel, or Cargo, or any Part thereof, after the same shall have been taken as Prize, and shall in pursuance of such Agreement or Agreements actually quit, set at Liberty, or discharge any such Prize or Prizes, instead of bringing the same into some Port or Ports belonging to his Majesty's Dominions, that then all and every of the Commander and Commanders of such private Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels of War, who shall agree for any such Ransom, and shall quit, set at Liberty, or discharge any such Prize or Prizes in Manner aforesaid, unless in a Case of extreme Necessity, to be allowed by the Court of Admiralty, shall forfeit his or their Letter of Marque, and shall suffer such Penalties of Fine and Imprisonment as the said Court shall adjudge.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twelfth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, it shall not be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects to ransom, or to enter into any Contract or Agreement for ransoming any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects, or any Merchandize or Goods on Board the same, which shall be captured by the Subjects of any State at War with his Majesty, or by any Persons committing Hostilities against his Majesty's Subjects.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Contrafts and Agreements which shall be entered into, and all Bills, Notes, and other Securities, which shall be given by any Person or Persons for Ransom of any Ship or Vessel, or of any Merchandize or Goods on Board the same, contrary to this Act, shall be absolutely null and void in Law, and of no Effect whatsoever.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, contrary to this Act, ransom, or enter into any Contract or Agreement for ransoming, any such Ship or Vessel, or any Merchandize or Goods on Board the same, every Person f© offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain; in which Action no Essoin, Protection, Imparlance, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed.

XL. And, as a further Encouragement to the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others, on Board his Majesty's Ships of War, as also of Privateers, to attack, take, and destroy any Ships of War or Privateers belonging to the Enemy be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, upon Bills to be made forth by the Commissioners of the Navy, to be paid according to the Course thereof, without Fee or Reward, unto the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others, who shall have been actually on Board any of his Majesty's Ship or Ships of War, or of any Privateer or Privateers, at the taking, sinking, burning, or otherwise destroying any Ship or Ships of War, or Privateers belonging to the Enemy, Gnce the eleventh Day of February one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 66. 429

destroyed fiuce Febru.uv j r, 1793, or which shall be uken, &c. during Hostilities.

and by whom certified.

On Produflten of certain Documents, the Commissioners of the Navy* to make out Bills for the Bounty,

ninety-three, and during the present Hostilities with France, five Pounds for every Man who was living on Board any Ship or Vessel so taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, at the Beginning of the Attack or Engagement between them; the Numbers of such Men to be proved by the Oaths of three or more of the Chief Officers or Men who were belonging to the said Ship or Ships of War, or Privateers, of the Enemy, or belonging to any of them at the Time of her or their being taken as Prize, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, or (in cafefo many as three shall not survive the Engagement) upon the Oaths or Oath of such of On whose Oath them as shall survive, before the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of the Port, within any of his Majesty's the Numbers Dominions, whereunto any Prize, or Officers or Men of such Ships as were taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise are J?be Prove<*i destroyed, shall be brought, or before the British Consul or Vice Consul refuling at any Neutral Port, to which such Prize, or Officers or Men, shall be brought, which Oaths the said Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of any such Port, or Consul, or Vice Consul, are hereby respectively impowered and required to administer, and shall (without Fee or Reward) forthwith grant a Certificate thereof, and also of the Deponents or Deponent (if less than three) having likewise made Oath, that to the best of his or their Knowledge and Belief no other Person or Persons belonging to the Enemy's Ship or Ships survived the Engagement, which Certificate shall be directed to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy; and upon the Production thereof to them the said Commissioners, together with an authentick Copy of the Sentence or Decree of Condemnation of such Ship so taken, or, where such Certificate cannot be had and obtained, then upon producing only a Copy of the Sentence or Decree of Condemnation, whereby the Number of Men on Board such Ships of the Enemy shall appear to have been proved, or if such Ships be sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, on producing only a Certificate from the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate, or Consul or Vice Consul as aforesaid, the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, shall, according to the Course of the Navy, within fifteen Days, make out Bills for the Amount of such Bounty, diretfted to the Treasurer of the Navy, payable to, and to be divided amongst, the Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers on Board his Majesty's Ships of War, in Manner, Form, and Proportion, as by his Majesty's Proclamation for granting the Distribution of Prizes, already issued, or to be issued for that Purpose, is or shall be directed and appointed, and amongst the Owners, Officers, and Seamen of any private Ship or Vessel of War, in such Manner and Proportion as by any Agreement in Writing the y shall have entered into for that Purpose, shall be directed: Provided nevertheless, That in all Where Oath Cases where such Oqth and Certificate cannot be administered and granted at the first Port whereunto any cannot be made Prize, or Officers or Men> of such Ships as have been or shall be taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, at the fi, ft 1>0, C shall be brought, such Oath or Oaths relating to any Prize or Prizes that shall be taken, or to any Ships of his Majesty's Enemies, that shall be sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed as aforesaid, shall and may be administered and taken by and before the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of any Port within any of his Majesty's Dominions, or by or before the British Consul or Vice Consul residing at any Neutral Port, whereunto any Prize or Prizes, or Officers or Men, of any Ships belonging to his Majesty's Enemies, as have or shall be taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall at any Time afterwards be brought, (Proof being first: made by Affidavit before such Person or Persons of the Inability of making such Oath or Oaths, and obtaining such Certificate, at the said first Port,) and the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate, Consul or Vice Consul, shall thereupon grant such Certificate and Certificates as are hereinbefore directed, which Certificate and Certificates shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were granted by the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate, Consul or Vice Consul, of the Port to which such Prize or Prizes, joJl DestruVion Officers or xMen as aforesaid, shall be first brought, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in rof Officers and any wise notwithstanding: Provided also, That where such Oath of the Number of Men on Board any Ship or Ships so taken, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed, cannot be had by Reason of the total Destruction-of the Officers and Crew of such Ship or Ships, then and in every such Case the Number of Men on Board such Ship or Ships at the Beginning of the Attack or Engagement shall be ascertained by such Evidence as under the Circumstances of the Case shall, by the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or by the Judge of any other Court duly authorized, be deemed sufficient Proof thereof.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bill or Bills to be made out for the Bounty hereby granted to the Commanders, Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others of his Majesty's Ships of War, for taking, sinking, burning, or otherwise destroying any Ships of War, or Privateers belonging to any of his Majesty's Enemies, shall be made payable to such Person or Persons as shall be authorized and appointed Agents for Appraisements and Sales of Prize, the same Bounty to be distributed and divided, by the said Person or Persons so authorized and appointed, amongst the Captors, in such Manner, Form, and Proportion as aforesaid; the several Shares of such Captors as shall run from his Majesty's Service, and of such as shall not be legally demanded within three Years after publick Notification, shall be paid and applied to the Use of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, subject to the same Provisoes and Exceptions as in the Case of Prize Monies; and that the Bill or Bills to be made out for the Bounty hereby granted to Privateers for taking, burning, sinking, or otherwise destroying any Ships of War or Privateers belonging to any of his Majesty's Enemies, shall be made payable to such Person or Persons as shall be nominated and appointed by the Owner or Owners, Officers and Seamen of such Privateer or Privateers, who shall have taken', burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed the same, or the major Part of them, to be divided in such Manner and Proportions as shall, have been agreed on by them as aforesaid.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel, or Boat, taken as Prize, or any Prizes belonging Goods therein, shall appear and be proved, in any Court of Admiralty having a Right to take Cognizance tnhis Majesty's thereof, to have belonged to any of his Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain or Ireland^ or of any of the Do- f^rom the

minions

of Arrival, it may be m ide before the Chief Magistrate of any Per within his Majesty's Dominions, &*c»

In case of the

Men, the Number to be aker-tained as the Judge of the Court shall deem sufficient ll> -dence.

To whom the Bills for the Bounty ft>a)l be made payable,

& c.

C. 66.

J

i

430

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Ene-ny, to be icftorcd.

The Salvage to be paid fi-r restored Prizes.

Ifre-taken Ships shall have been set forth by the Enemy as Ships of War, they shall be Prizes to the Captors. Prizes collusive-ly restored by Privateers, to be Prize to his Majesty.

Division of such Prizes.

Bonds of the Commanders to be forfeited. Penalty on Commanders of Ships of War collu-fively restoring Prizes, &c.

Ships re-taken before carried into the Enemy's Ports may prosecute their Voyages, &c.

Prize Vessels legally condemned to be deemed British built.

minions and Territories remaining and continuing under his Majesty's Protection and Obedience, which were before taken or surprized by any of his Majesty's Enemies, and at any Time afterwards again surprized and re-taken by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or any Privateer, or other Ship, Vessel, or Boat under his Majesty's Protection and Obedience, that then such Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Goods, and every such Part and Parts thereof as aforesaid, formerly belonging to such his Majesty's Subjects, shall in all Cases (save in such as are hereafter excepted) be adjudged to be restored, and shall be, by Decree of the said Court of Admiralty, accordingly restored to such former Owner or Owners, or Proprietors, he or they paying for and in lieu of Salvage (if re-taken by any of his Majesty's Ships) one-eighth Part of the true Value of the Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Goods relatively, so to be restored, which said Salvage of one-eighth shall be answered and paid to the Flag Officers, Captains, Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers in his Majesty's said Ship or Ships of War, to be divided in such Manner as before in this Act is directed touching the Share of Prizes belonging to the Flag Officers, Captains, Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, where Prizes are taken by any of his Majesty's Ships of War; and if re-taken by any Privateer or other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, one sixth Part of the true Value of the said Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Goods; all which Payments to be made to the Owner or Owners, Officers and Seamen of such Privateer, or other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be without any Deductions, and shall be divided in such Manner and Proportions as shall have been agreed on by them as aforesaid; and in case such Ship, Vessel, or Goods shall have been, re-taken by the joint Operation or Means of one or more of his Majesty's Ships, and one or more private Ship or Ships, then the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or other Court having Cognizance thereof, shall order and adjudge such Salvage to be paid to the Re-captors, by the Owner or Owners of such re-taken Ship, Vessel, or Goods, as he shall, under the Circumstances of the Case, deem fit and reasonable, which Salvage so to be adjudged shall be accordingly paid by the Owners of such re-taken Ship, Vessel, or Goods, to the Agents of the Re-captors in such Proportions as the said Court shall adjudge; but if such Ship or Vessel so re-taken shall appear to have been, after the taking by his Majesty's Enemies, by them set forth as 2 Ship or Vessel of War, the said Ship or Vessel shall not be restored to the former Owners or Proprietors, but shall in all cases, whether re-taken by any of his Majesty's Ships, or by any Privateer, be adjudged lawful Prize for the Benefit of the Captors.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship or Vessel, or any Goods or Merchandizes, shall betaken or re-taken, and restored, by the Commander or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Privateer, or other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, under his Majesty's Protection and Obedience, through Consent, or clandestinely, or by Collusion or Connivance of such Commander, or other Person, without being brought to Adjudication, the Ship and Vessel, and Goods and Merchandizes, so taken or re-taken, and restored, and also the Ship's Tackle, Furniture, Apparel, Arms, and Ammunition, shall, upon Proof thereof to be made in any Court of Admiralty having legal Cognizance thereof, be declared and adjudged to be good Prize to his Majesty, one Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and one Moiety to the Use of such Person who shall discover and sue for the same, and the Bond given by the Captain or Commander of such Privateer, or other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be and is hereby declared to be forfeited to his Majesty; and in case any such Ship or Vessel, or any Goods or Merchandizes as aforesaid, shall be taken or re-taken, and restored, by any Commander, Captain, or other Officer, having the Command of any Ship or Vessel of War belonging to his Majesty, through Consent, or clandestinely, or by Collusion or Connivance of such Commander, Captain, or other Officer, such Commander, Captain, or other Officer shall forfeit the Sum of one thousand Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and one Moiety, together with full Costs of Suit, to the Use of such Person as shall discover and sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and such Commander, Captain, or other Officer shall forfeit his Command and Employment, and shall be and is hereby disabled and made incapable of holding any Office or Employment under his Majesty during the Space of seven Years; and the said Goods and Merchandizes, and the Ship, Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, Guns, and Ammunition, so taken or re-taken, and restored, in Manner aforesaid, shall be and is hereby directed to be adjudged, in all Courts of Admiralty having legal Cognizance thereof, as good Prize to his Majesty.

XLIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it hereby enacted, That if a Ship be re-taken before (lie has been carried into an Enemy's Port, it shall be lawful for her, if the Re-captors consent thereto, to prosecute her Voyage; and it shall not be necessary for the Re-captors to proceed to Adjudication till six Months, or till the Return of the Ship to the Port from which (lie failed; and it shall be lawful for the Master, the Owners, or their Agents, with the Consent of the Re-captors, to unliver and dispose of their Cargoes, before Adjudication; and in case the Vessel shall not return directly to the Port from whence (he failed, or the Re-captors shall have had no Opportunity of proceeding regularly to Adjudication within the six Months, on Account of the Absence of the said Vessel, the Court of Admiralty shall, at the instance of the Re-captors, decree the Restitution to the former Owners, paying Salvage, upon such Evidence as to the said Court shall, under the Circumstances of the Case, appear reasonable, the Expence of such Proceeding not to exceed the Sum of fourteen Pounds.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Prize Ships or Vessels which shall he legally condemned shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, be considered as British-built Ships or Vessels, being first duly registered according to the Provisions of the said recited Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and shall be deemed and taken as such, and shall be entitled to have

and

1

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 66. 431

and enjoy all and every the same Rights, Liberties, Privileges, and Advantages, in all Respects whatsoever, with British-buWt Ships or Vessels, and shall be subject and liable to all and every the Rules and Regulations that British-built Ships or Vessels are subject and liable to; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Penalty for breaking Bulk, or embezzling

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commander or Commanders,

Officer or Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others^shall break Bulk on Board, or embezzle any of the, Money, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandize, Tackle, Furniture, or Apparel of or belonging to any Prize an. or Prizes, such Commander, Officer, Seamen, Marine, Soldier, or other Person, shall for every such Offence 0

forfeit his whole Share in such Prize to his Majesty, for the Use of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and so to be adjudged, on Proof thereof, by the Court of Admiralty in which such Proof shall be made, and shall also forfeit treble the Value of all such Money, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandize, Tackle, Furniture, or Apparel, as he or they shall embezzle, one-third Part thereof to be to the Use of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and the other two-third Parts thereof, together with full Costs of Suit, to him or them that will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, in which no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLVII. And whereas great Numbers of Ships of Foreign Nations may pass the Seas laden with Naval Stores, intended to be carried to the Ports of France; whereby his Majesty's Enemies may not only be enabled and encouraged to fit out and arm Privateers to destroy the Trade of his Majesty's Subjects, but may also be supplied with Materials to build and fit out Ships of War to annoy and invade his Majesty's Dominions: And whereas divers Ships of Foreign Nations, laden as aforesaid, may be taken and brought into the Ports of Great Britain; and the Purchase of such Naval Stores laden on Board such Ships of Foreign Nations for the Service of his Majesty may, in many cases, be expedient, without proceeding to the Condemnation thereof:' Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Navy or v;£u-lawful to and for the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy or Victualling for the Time ailing Board may being, or their Officers or Agents, during the Continuance of the present Hostilities with France, to pur- Purchase fiavai chafe, on the Account or for the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors only, all or any such B^d Foreign* Naval Stores found on Board any such Ships of Foreign Nations, which have been, or shall or may here- brought after be brought into any of the Ports of this Kingdom by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, or by any into the idog-private Ships or Vessels of War, or other Ships or Vessels having Commissions or Letters of Marque; and dom. that the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs for the Time being shall and may permit and suffer such Naval Stores, so purchased as aforesaid, to be entered and landed within any of the Ports of this Kingdom, any Thing in an Act of Parliament passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and encreasng of Shipping and Navigation, or in any other Statute made subsequent thereto, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely Persons making make Oath to any of the Matters herein-before required to be verified on Oath, or suborn any other Person or Corning so to do, such Person or Persons shall suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are incurred by Persons commit- ^Oath?^ ting wilful and corrupt Perjury; and that if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify any gaujjCty of Cor, Upt Commission for War, or Letter of Marque, or any Warrant for making out the same, or any Certificate Perjury, required or directed by this Act to be obtained, or shall publish or make use of any such Commission for penalty for War, or Warrant for making out the same, or any such Certificate as aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeiting counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum Letters of of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered, together with full Coils of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Marquc> &c* Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where the Offence of taking a false Offences com-Oath, or suborning any Person so to do, or any of the Offences by this Act made cognizable in any of his £,tled out of the Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, shall be committed out of this Realm, the same may be alledged 0\ce to be committed, and may be laid, inquired of, tried, and determined, in any County in England, in the same commuted in Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been actually done or committed within the Body of any County in such County. England.

L. And be it further enacted, That all Appraisements and Sales of any Ship or Ships, Goods, Wares, or DUeftions for Merchandizes as shall be taken by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, shall be made by Agents appointed appointing by the Flag Officers or Flag Officer, Captains or Captain, Officers or Officer, Ships Companies or Com- Prize Agents, pany, and others entitled thereto j that is to say, that if the Flag Officers or Flag Officer of any Fleet or Squadron of Ships as shall take any such Prize or Prizes, or the Majority if more than one, shall appoint one or more Person or Persons, Agent or Agents as aforesaid, then the Captains and Commanders, or Captain and Commander intiiled thereto, or the Majority of them if more than one, may appoint the like Number to act for them, and all the other Officers under the Degree of a Captain and Commander may appoint the like Number to act for them, and all the Crews of the several Ships Companies of the Fleet or Squadron, or Ship's Company, and others intitled thereto, may likewise appoint the like Number to act for them in such Appraisements and Sales.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who shall Agents to re-be so nominated and appointed Agent or Agents as aforesaid for any Prize or Prizes taken by any Ship or- their Ships, Vessel or Vessels of War, or for receiving the Bounty herein after granted, and which Prize or 1>owers of At-Prizes shall be condemned in the High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain} or in any of the Courts of torncy*

33 Geo. JII. 3 K Admiralty

432

Penalty for Nt-gleft,

Registers of

Courts of Adr miralty to enter Powers of Attorney, &c.

Penalty for N:g!e&.

Agents appointed after Condemnation o; Prizes, to register their Powers of Attorney.

Registers to transmit annually to the T ea-fyer of Gieen-wich Hof.ital Copies of Letters of Attorney registered in their Courts, the Charges of wb'ch to be paid fey the Agents,

Penalty for Negleli.

True Copies of Letters of Attorney and Re-gfeftry, to be Evidence of the Agency, &c.

C. 66. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Admiralty in any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, or in any other his Majesty's Dominions where the said Prize and Prizes and every of them shall be condemned, shall exhibit and cause to be registered in the said High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, in the respective Courts of Admiralty in America, or m any other his Majesty's Dominions where the said Prize and Prizes, and every of them, shall be condemned, his or their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents for the Purposes aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons so appointed Agent or Agents as aforesaid shall refuseor neglect so to do for the Space of six Calendar Months next after Sentence of Condemnation of any Prize shall be given in the said High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in America, or other his Majesty's Dominions, for the Care and Distribution of which he or they shall be appointed Agent or Agents, such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by him or them who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain, America, or in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, in which no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Register or Registers of his Majesty's High Court of Admiralty, and of all other Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, and other his Majesty's Dominions, shall from Time to Time duly enter or register, or cause to be entered or registered, in one or more Book or Books, to be by him or them kept for that Purpose only, all Letters of Attorney that shall be exhibited or delivered to them after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, by any Agent or Agents for any Prize or Prizes taken or to be taken by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or by any Agent or Agents for the Receipt and Distribution of any Bounty, Bill, or Bills, within fourteen Days after the same shall be so exhibited or delivered to such Register or Registers at his or their respective Offices; which Registry shall contain the Days of Delivery and Entry, the Dates of the Letters of Attorney, the Names and Places of Abode of the Agents, the Names of the Prizes taken, or of the Ships of War or Privateers of the Enemy taken, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed, together with the Names of the Ships or Vessels by which such Prizes shall have been taken, or by which such Ships of War or Privateers of the Enemy shall have been uken, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed, together with the Date of the Condemnation and of Appeal, if any interposed; and the Register or Registersshall on the twenty-sixth Day of Dcce7nber and the twenty-fifth Day of June, or within forty Days thereafter in ever,y Year, transmit or deliver unto the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or to the lawful Deputy of such Treasurer for the Time being, a true Copy or Transer ipf, under his or their Hand or Hands, of all such Entries as aforesaid within the preceding Half Year: And if such Register or Registers shall neglect or refuse to make of keep such Entries, or to transmit or deliver such Copies thereof as aforesaid within the respective Times herein-before limited for that Purpose, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, in which no £flbin. Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed,

LIII. Provided always, That if any Agent or Agents shall be appointed after the Time any Sentence of Condemnation in any of the said Courts of Admiralty shall be given, such Agent or Agents shall, under the aforesaid Penalty, register, or cause to be registered, in Manner aforesaid, his or their respective Letters or Letter of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents as aforesaid, within the Space of six Calendar Months after the Date of the said Letter or Letters of Attorney.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Register or Registers of all and every the Court and Courts of Admiralty in any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, or elsewhere in any of his Majesty's Dominions, shall yearly and every Year, upon the twenty-third Day of October, or within three Calendar Months next after the same, make out and transcribe true Copies of all and every such Letter and Letters of Attorney as shall be so registered in the said Court or Courts, to which the Judge and Judges of the said Court and Courts shall affix his and their Seal of Office, and then the said Register and Registers shall transmit the same to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, to be there registered, and to be inspected by any Person gratis; the Charges of which Copies, and affixing the Seal or Seals thereto, and transmitting the same to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, shall be paid by the said Agent or Agents at the Time of making such Registry as aforesaid; and in case such Register or Registers shall neglect or refuse to transcribe and transmit such Copy and Copies of the said Letter and Letters of Attorney in Manner aforesaid, (if any Ship or Shins in that Time shall fail from such Port or Place to any Port or Ports in Great Britain ,) such Register and Registers so negTecting or refusing shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by him or them who will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain or America, or elsewhere in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, in which no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LV. And, for the better and more effectual making such Letters of Attorney Evidence of the Agency of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That true Copies of such Letter or Letters of Attorney, and of Transcripts, under Seal, transmitted by the said Register or Registers of the Court and Courts of Admiralty in his Majesty's Plantations in America> and elsewhere within his Majesty's Dominions, and registered by the said Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, shall, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, be good and sufficient Evidence of the Agency of the Person or Persons to whom such Letter of Attorney is or shall be made; and from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter shall be admitted, without further or other Proof thereof, to be legal Evidence in all his Majesty's Courts of Record of Law or Equity, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding,

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 66.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, after the Sale or Sales of any Prize or Prizes which have Eeen or shall be taken from the Enemy by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, publick "Notification in Manner herein after mentioned shall be given by the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid for the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors afoi esaid; that is to say, if the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall be condemned in his Majesty's High Court, or other Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, then the Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, for the Appraisement and Sale of such Prize or Prizes, shall insert and publish, or cause to be inserted and published, such Notification, under his or their Hand or Hands respectively, in the Gazette or some other Newspaper of publick Authority of the Island or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall be condemned, and if there shall be no Gazette or such other Newspaper published there, then in some or one of the mod publick Newspapers of such Island or Place; and all Persons or Agents publishing, or causing to be published, every such Notification respectively, shall deliver to the Collector, Customer, or Searcher for the Time being, of his Majesty's Customs, residing at, or belonging to the Port or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall be condemned, or the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, and if there shall be no such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, then such Persons or Agents as aforesaid shall deliver to the principal Officer or Officers of the Port or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall be condemned, or to the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such principal Officer or Officers, two of the Gazettes, or other Newspapers, in which such Notifications shall be so inserted and published; and if there should not be any publick Newspapers in any such Island or Place, then such Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, shall give two such Notifications in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands to the said Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or the Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or, where there shall be no such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, to such principal Officer or Officers, or his or their Deputy or Deputies aforesaid; and every such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, and principal Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies, shall subscribe his or their Name or Names on some conspicuous Part of both the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications respectively; and by the first Ship which shall fail (after his or their Receipt of such Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications respectively) from such Port or Place to any Port in Great Britain, shall transmit or send to the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, or the Deputy of such Treasurer for the Time being, one of the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications, with his or their Name or Names so subscribed to and upon the same respectively, to be there registered, and shall faithfully preserve and keep the other of the said two Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications, with his or their Name or Names thereon subscribed as aforesaid, in his or their Custody; and that in every such printed or written Notification as aforesaid the said Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, shall insert, or specify his or their Place or Places of Abode, and the precise Day of the Month and Year appointed for the Payment of the several and respective Shares of the Prize or Prizes to the Captors; and all such Notifications, with re-(pe& to Prizes condemned or to be condemned in Great Britain, shall be published in the London Gazette three Days at least before any Part or Parts, Share or Proportion of any such Prize or Prizes shall be paid to any Person or Persons inti tied thereto; and all such Notifications, with respect to Prizes condemned or to be condemned in any other Part of his Majesty's Dominions, shall be delivered to the said Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or principal Officer or Officers as aforesaid respectively, or such respective Deputy or Deputies, three Days at least before any Part or Parts, Share or Proportion of any such Prize or Prizes shall be paid to any Person or Persons intitled thereto; after which several and respective Notifications, if any t Man's Shares shall remain in the Hands of the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, cither belonging to

such Men as shall be run from his Majesty's Service, or which shall not be legally demanded within three Years, then such Share or Shares, so remaining in the Person's or Agent's Hands, or belonging to such Men as shall run from his Majesty's Service, shall go and be paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Agent appointed, or to be appointed, for Appraisement or Sale of any Prize or Prizes taken or to be taken from the Enemy, by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or for the Distribution of any Bounty Adoney, shall neglect or refuse to publish, give, or deliver any Notification herein directed or required to be published, given, or I delivered, or shall not give, publish, or deliver any such Notification before the Payment of any Part of such

Prize or Bounty Money, and within the Times herein limited, or in the Manner herein appointed, or shall not specify or set forth in such Notification the Matters and Things herein directed to be specified and set forth, every such Person or Agent shall, for such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain or America, or elsewhere in any of his Majesty's Dominions, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and if any Collector, Customer, or Searcher of his Majesty's Customs, or principal Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to receive, or to attest, or shall not transmit or fend any such Gazette, Newspaper, or written Notification as aforesaid, in such Manner as is before directed, every such Collector, Customer, or Searcher,'principal Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to befued for and recovered in the same Manner as the above Penalty is directed to be sued for and recovered.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Notifications in all such Gazettes, Newspapers, and in Writing respectively as aforesaid, which shall be so transmitted and attested by such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or principal Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies as aforesaid, and registered at the said Royal Hospital, on Proof of the Hand Writing of such Collector, Custorner, Searcher,

433

NoPfication to be given by Agon's, of the Payment of Prize Money so the Navy, &c.

Officers of the Customs to subscribe two Notifications, and transmit one to Grernwich Hospital, and keep the other.

Shares of Run Men, or not demanded inTime* to be paid by Agents to Greenwich Hof-piul.

Penalty for not notifying Payment of Prize Money, or not transmittirg Notifications.

Notificatiers registered at U e Royal Hospital, to be Evwc.ce of Agency.

434

Before Pajtnent ,:1 Prizes, a Copy ti the Accounc ct Sales to be exhibited in the Court of Admiralty, &C»

Penalfy for Nt glect.

Age nts to adver-tife their exhibiting Accounts of Sales in the Registry of the Admiralty. Pcfons running from his Majesty's Service not to be entitled to Prize Money,

After the first

Distribution of Prize?, or of Bounty, an Account of Re-

ce pcs and Payments to be transmitted to the Trrease>rer of Greenwich Hof-pUal}

and after the

Expiration of three Years limited by this AO, e like Amount be so delivered, and the Balance paid.

Penalty for not delivering Accounts, or not paying Balances,

C. 66. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

principal Officer or Officers, or Deputy or Deputies, from Time to Time, and at all Times, shall be good and Efficient Evidence, in all his Majesty's Courts of Law and Equity, that the Person or Persons whose Name or Names is or are therein set forth and specified as the Agent or Agents for the Prize or Prizes therein respectively mentioned, is or are such Agent or Agents.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Agents appointed shall, after the Sale of any Prize is compleated, and before the Time of the first Payment of the Prize Money to be distributed, exhibit in the re-ipeftive Court of Admiralty in which the Prize was condemned, or in the High Court of Admiralty, a Copy of their Accounts of Sales duly verified upon Oath, which Copy shall be deposited in the publick Registry of the Court, and all Parties interested shall have Liberty to object to the Charges therein'eon-tained; and the said Court shall confirm or disallow the Accounts, upon hearing the Objections, and shall make such further Order, touching the said Accounts, as the Case may require; and any Agent who shall neglect or refuse to bring in a Copy of his Accounts at the Time hereby directed, or who shall proceed to distribute without having exhibited a Copy of the said Accounts duly verified on Oath, shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, to be recovered, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or, Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in any of his Majesty's Dominions, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, and shall moreover be subject to the Process of the Court of Admiralty, until he has obeyed the Order of the said Court, by exhibiting a Copy of the said Accounts, duly verified as aforesaid, and until the said Accounts shall be duly confirmed.

LX. And be it further enacted, That every Agent shall, ten Days before he exhibits his Account of Sales in the Registry of the High Court of Admiralty, cause Advertisements to be twice inserted in The London Gazette, notifying to all Persons concerned that the Account of Sales of such Prize or Prizes will be brought into the Registry of the said Court.

LXL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons belonging to any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or to any Merchant Ship employed in his Majesty's Service, who shall run away, or withdraw him or themselves from the Ship or Vessel by which any Prize or Prizes shall be taken from any of his Majesty's Enemies, or otherwise from his Majesty's Service, before or after Notifications shall be given by the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, of the Day appointed for the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors of the said Prize or Prizes, shall have or be entitled to have, or claim any Interest in, or Benefit of the said Share or Shares of the said Prize or Prizes, or the Bounty Money aforesaid, or any Part thereof, that shall then remain unpaid; but such Share and Shares of such Prize or Prizes and Bounty Money shall go and be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, subject to the' Provisoes and Exemptions herein-before mentioned.

LXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, Agent and Agents, and others, who shall fell and otherwise dispose of any Prize or Prizes, so to be taken as aforesaid from any of his Majesty's Enemies, shall, within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Day to be appointed for the first Payment or Distribution to the Captors of such Prize or Prizes, made in pursuance of such publick Notification as aforesaid, make out and transmit or deliver unto the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the Time being, or to such Person or Persons as he shall for that Purpose depute or appoint, a true State and Account in Writing under the Hand or Hands of such Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons so employed, of the Produce of all such Prize and Prizes as aforesaid, together with an Account of the Payments of the several Shares to the Captors as shall then have been really and truly by him or them respectively paid; and also, that all and every Person and Persons authorized and appointed by this present Act to receive Bills for the Bounty hereby granted, shall, within the like Space of three Calendar Months next after the Day appointed for the first Payment or Distribution of such Bills for the Bounty as aforesaid, in like Manner make out and transmit or deliver to the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Hospital, or to his sufficient Deputy, a true State and Account in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands of the Payment and Distribution of such Bills; and further, that all and every Person and Persons, Agents and others, who, by virtue of this Act, shall sell or dispose of any Prize or Prizes which already have been, or shall at any Time or Times hereafter be taken from the said Enemy by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or who shall receive or dispose of any Bill or Bills for Bounty, such Person and Persons, Agents and others, so felling and disposing thereof, shall, within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Expiration of the Term of three Years limited by this Act, make out an exact Account in Writing of the Produce of such Prize and Prizes, Bill and Bills for Bounty, as also of the Payments of the several Shares to the respective Captors, together with a true and just Account upon Oath, to betaken before the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the Time being, or any other Person or Persons by him for that Purpose deputed and authorized in Writing under his Hand and Seal, (which Oath the said Treasurer of the said Hospital, and a sufficient Deputy and Deputies authorized as aforesaid, is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) of all Sum and Sums of Money as shall be then remaining in such Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons Custody, Power, or Possession, and shall at the same Time deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the Time being, or to his sufficient Deputy or Agent, the said Accounts so attested upon Oath as aforesaid, together with all such remaining Sum and Sums of Money then so left and remaining in his or their Hands as aforesaid, taking from the said Treasurer, or his proper Deputy or Agent, his or their Acquittance or Acquittances for the same.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons hereby directed to transmit or deliver all or any the Accounts before mentioned, who shall neglect or refuse to tranlrnit or deliver all or any such Account or Accounts to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or his said Deputy or Agent, within the

6 Time

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 66l. 435

Time before limited and appointed in Manner and Form as herein-before mentioned, or who shall neglect or refuse to pay over all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall remain in his or their Hand or Hands, Power, Custody, or Possession, after the Term of three Years, to be accounted as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, over and above the Money then in such Agent's Hands; one-third Part whereof shall belong to his Majesty, and the remaining two-thirds to the said Rqyar Hospital, to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Fraud, Collusion, or Deceit shall be wittingly or willingly made,.used, committed, permitted, or done orfuffered, in making, stating, or balancing any such Accounts, then every Person or Persons who shall be thereof duly convicted, and his and their Aiders and Abettors, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, overvand above the Penalties and Punishments inflicted by this Act, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; one^third Part whereof to be to the Use of his Majesty, and one other third to the Use of the said Hospital, and the other third to the Informer, who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with Cods of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Agent or Agents for Prizes or Bounty Money shall be liable to be sued, impleaded, or arrested by any Person or Persons who shall be made run from his Majesty's Service, in the Lift to be duly certified of the Names of the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others who shall be actually on Board any of his Majesty's Ships of War, at the taking of any Prize or Prizes, unless the Person or Persons so made run shall, before any Action brought, obtain a Certificate of his or their R. or R.'s being taken off, and the Forfeiture of his or their Shares of such Prizes and Bounty Monies being discharged by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy who subscribed the said % Lift, and shall produce such Certificate to the said Agent or Agents respectively, and unless the said Agent or Agents, on the producing of such Certificate or Certificates, shall refuse to pay the said Prize or Bounty Money, in case the same be due and payable according to the Directions in his Majesty's Proclamation, within two Months after any such Demand made, and such Certificate produced.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Person and Persons, Agent and Agents, already appointed or to be appointed by the Flag Officers or Flag Officer, Captains or Captain, Officers or Officer, Ships Companies or Ship's Company, and others, of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, for the Distribution of any Bounty Bill or Bills given or granted by virtue of this Act, shall insert and publish, or cause to be inserted and published, under his or their Hand or Hands, in The London Gazette, three Days at least before the Payment or Distribution of any such Bounty Bill or Bounty Bills, publick Notification of the precise Day of the Month and Year appointed for the Payment of such Bounty Money, and shall insert in every such Notification the Place or Places of his or their Abode.

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where a publick Notification hath during the present Hostilities been given, or shall be given before the respective Times hereinbefore mentioned, for the giving of Notifications in Great Britain, and other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, of the Payment of any Prize or Bounty Money in respect of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, and the particular and precise Day whereon such Payment did or shall commence, and the Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode of the Person or Persons, Agent or Agents appointed or to be appointed for the Appraisement and Sale of any such Prize or Prizes, or Distribution of any such Bounty Money, was not or shall not be set forth and specified in such publick Notification, the Person or Persons, Agent or Agents appointed or to be appointed for the Appraisement and Sale of every such Prize or Prizes condemned or to be condemned in his Majesty's High Court, or other Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or for the Distribution of any such Bounty Money, shall, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the Person or Persons, Agent or Agents appointed or to be appointed for the Appraisement and Sale of every such Prize or Prizes condemned or to be condemned in any Court or Courts of Admiralty in any other of his Majesty's Dominions in Europe, or in any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, or for the Distribution of any such Bounty Money, shall, on or before the first Day of "June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and the Person or Persons, Agent or Agents appointed or to be appointed for the Appraisement and Sale of every such Prize or Prizes condemned or to be condemned in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, or for the Distribution of any such Bounty, shall, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five respectively, give Notification, under his or their Hand or Hands respectively, of the precise Day of the Month, and the Year, appointed for the Payment of the Shares of such Prize or Bounty Money respectively, and shall specify in every such Notification his or their Place or Places of Abode; and all such Notifications shall be published or given, and delivered, attested, and transmitted by and to such Person and Persons, and in such Manner as the Notifications to be published or given are herein-before directed and required to be published or given, and delivered, attested, and transmitted.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, other than such as are otherwise particularly disposed of, shall be applied, one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and one Moiety to the Use of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich.

LXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Parts of Penalties and Forfeitures, given or to be given to the Use of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich by this present

Application and Recovery of Penalty.

Penalty for Frauds in Hating

Account?,

No Agent to be fuel by Run Men, unless he refuses to pay Piizt Money, after Pro 'uction of Certificate of R« being t*ken eft".

Notice of the Distribution of Bounty to the Navy, to be in* ferced in the Gazette.

Where Not'fi-cation of Payment of Prize* and Bounties to the Navy shall be given befote the Times herein directed, without certain Particulars, they shall be given within certain Periods,

Application of Penalties not otherwise disposed of.

All Penalties to Greenwich Hospital may be Cued

4- 36

for in the Name

t»f the Commissiontri.

A SeflTion for the Trial of Offences coirn t'ted oa the High Sea* to be held taice at the leaf! annuity*

CommiHioos for trying Offence# MnrhfTl the [u« rildUH'n of the Admiralty, and Jufliers nuy i<ke ln» *n a-ti n$ touching Offences comm tted upr»n the Sea, and caul'e the Pait e» to be apprehended and commuted»

and ffnff obVge the ^erf'inc they tnink necessary to enter into Kecogivzame to appr^r at the Stilt on.

PerOn* refuting to en'er into Ke-c»ign;z!i*ce may be commi ted.

Recignz'nces, and InN.rma-t n» t >ik hing Offences to be tratilrr.iitiu to the Regifirr of the H gh Court vt Aotn.ral y.

Marshal of the Admiralty, &c. to e* cute Warrant!.

Continuance of me Act.

C. 66. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

present Act, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, shall and may be sued for and recovered in the Name of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent.

LXX. And, for the more speedy bringing of Offenders to Justice, and to prevent the Inconveniencies oc-oafioned by the Want of frequently holding a Session of Admiralty for the Trial of Offences committed on the High Seas, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twelfth Day of June one thou fond seven hundred and ninety-three, a Session of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, for the Trial of Offences committed on the High Seas, within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England,{hd\\ be held twice at the least in every Year, at Justice Hall in the Old Bailey, London, (except at such Times as the Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery for the City of London and County of Middlesex shall be appointed to be there held,) or in such other Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and at such Times in each Year, as the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three pr more of them, shall, by any Letter or Order in Writing under their Hands, directed to the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of England for the Time being, appoint.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twelfth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, it shall and may be lawful not only to and for any one or more of the Commissioners for the Time being, named in the Commission of Oyer and Terminer for the trying of Offences committed within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England, but also to and for any one or more of the Justices of the Peace for the Time being of any County, Riding, Division, or Place within that Part of Great Britain called England, and they are hereby respectively authorized and impowered, from Time to Time, to take any Information or Informations of any Witness or Witnesses, in Writing, upon Oath, touching any Murder, Piracy, Felony, or Robbery done or committed, or charged to have been done or committed, in or upon the Sea, or in any Haven, River, Creek, or Place where the Admiral or Admirals hath or have Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction, and thereupon (if such Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively shall fee Caul'e) by any Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause the Person or Persons accused in such Information or Informations to be apprehended and committed to the Gaol of the County or Place wherein the same Information or Informations shall be taken, there to remain until discharged by due Coin fe of Law.

LXXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That such of the said Commissioners or Justices of the Peace who shall cause any such Person or Persons to be committed as is last mentioned, shall, and he or they is or aie hereby refj>edively required, at the same Time, to oblige all and every such other Person or Persons whom such Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall judge necessary to prosecute and give Evidence against the Person or Persons who shall be so committed as aforesaid, to enter into one or more Recognizance or Recognizances to his Majesty, in asufficient Penalty, for his, her, or their appearing at the then next Session of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, to be held for the Turifdiclion of the Admiralty of England, there to prosecute and give Evidence against the Person or Persons, who shall be committed as aforesaid; and if any Person shall refuse to enter into such Recognizance to prosecute or give Evidence as shall be required, he, she, or they so refusing shall be committed by any such Commissioner or Commissioners, Justice or Justices, to the Gaol of the County or Place in which the Person so refusing shall be, until the next Sessions of Admiralty shall be held, or such Persons shall enter into such Recognizance as Cull be required as aforesaid, which Recognizance or Recognizances, together with the Information or Informations taken touching the Offence or Offences wherewith the Person or Persons to be committed as aforesaid shall be charged, the said Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom the same shall be taken, shall and they are hereby respectively required to transmit with all convenient Speed to the Register for the Time being of the High Court of Admiralty of England, to be by him forthwith laid before the Judge for the Time being of the same Court, and afterwards to be kept among the Records of that Court.

LXXIIL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Marshal of the Admiralty for the Time being, and his Deputy or Deputies, and all Sheriffs, Bailiffs, Stewards, Constables, Headboroughs, Tything Men, Keepers of Gaols and Prisons, and all other Officers whatsoever for keeping of the Peace (as well within Liberties as without) shall, and they and every of them are hereby respectively authorized and required, from Time to Time, diligently to execute, perform, and obey all such Precept and Precepts, Warrant and Warrants, and other Order and Orders, as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be made, directed, ift'ucd, or given to them or any of them respectively by one or more of the said Commissioners named in the Commission of Oyer and Terminer, or Justices of the Peace, by virtue or in pursuance of this Atouching any of the Matters or Things herein contained.

LXXLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in force during the present Hostilities with France, and np longer; feve and except all such Matters and Things as shall be depending in Judgement in the High Court of Admiralty, or other Courts of Admiralty in his Majesty's Dominions Abroad, or Court of Appeal, or in any Court of Record in Great Britain, at the Time when the present Hostilities shall cease; and also feve and except all such other Matters and Things which shall be brought into Judgement before the said High Court of Admiralty, or other Courts of Admiralty in his Majesty's Dominions Abroad, or Court of Appeal, or in any Court of Record in Great Bri1 Jain, in consequence of any Capture or Captures made during the present Hostilities, or of any Offence

committed

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 67- 437

t

committed contrary to this Act; in respect whereof this Act shall continue in full force, until such Matters, and every Thing dependent thereupon, shall be finally adjudged and determined.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for better preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships or other Vessels, and in obstructing Seamen, Keelmen, Carters, and Ship Carpenters, from pursuing their lawful Occupations.

[17th June 1793.]

WHEREAS many Seamen, Keelmen, Carters, and Ship Carpenters, have of late assembled themselves in great Numbers, and have committed many Acts of Violence; which Practices, if continued, may occasion great Loss and Damage to Individuals, and injure the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom :* For the better preventing such violent and injurious Practices, and more effectually punishing such Offenders, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Seamen, Keelmen, Carters, Ship Carpenters, or other Persons, riotously Seamen, &c. assembled together to the Number of three or more, at any Time after the twenty-fourth Day of June, in riotously aiUm-the present Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall unlawfully and with Force j?led» who prevent, hinder, or obstruct the loading or unloading, or the failing or navigating, of any Ship, Keel, or other th^loadin^ &c! Vessel, or shall unlawfully and with Force board any Ship, Keel, or other Vessel, with Intent to prevent, 0fany Vessel?, ' hinder, or obstruct the loading or unloading, or the failing or navigating, of such Ship, Keel, or other Vessel, &c. to be com* every Seaman, Keelman, Carter, Ship Carpenter, and other Person, being lawfully convicted of any of the mit'ei coPri-Offences aforesaid, upon any Indictment to be found against him, her, or them, in any Court of Oyer and son 5 Terminer, or General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden respectively, in and for the County,

Shire, Riding, Division, or District, wherein the Offence was committed, shall be committed either to the Common Gaol for the same County, Shire, Riding, Division, or District, there to continue and remain without Bail or Mainprize, or to the House of Correction for the same County, Shire, Riding, Division, or District, there to continue and remain without Bail or Mainprize, and to be kept to hard Labour for any Term not exceeding twelve Calendar Months, nor less than six Calendar Months, in either Case re-ipeftively.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Seaman or Seamen, Keelman or as alfu any such Keelmen, Carter or Carters, Ship Carpenter or Ship Carpenters, or other Person or Persons, at any Time Ferflms wh4> after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall unlawfully ^ye^otheri and with Force prevent, hinder, or obstruct any Seaman or Seamen, Keelman or Keelmen, Carter or Cal- worVm*, ters, Ship Carpenter or Ship Carpenters, from working at, employing himself in, or exercising his lawful &c.

Trade, Business, or Occupation respectively, or shall wilfully and maliciously assault, beat, or wound, or use

or commit any bodily Violence or Hurt to or upon any Seaman or Seamen, Keelman or Keelmen, Carter or Carters, Ship Carpenter or Ship Carpenters, with Intent to deter, prevent, hinder, or obstruct such Seaman or Seamen, Keelman or Keelmen, Carter or Carters, Ship Carpenter or Ship Carpenters, from working at, employing himself in, or exercising his lawful Trade, Business, or Occupation respectively, every Seaman,

Keelman, Carter, Ship Carpenter, and other Person, being lawfully convicted of any of the Offences last mentioned, upon any Indictment to be found against him, her, or them, in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, or General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden respectively in and for the said County,

Shire, Riding, Division, or District, wherein the Offence was committed, shall be committed, either to the Common Gaol for the same County, Shire, Riding, Division, or District, there to continue and remain, without Bail or Mainprize, or to the House of Correction for the same County, Shire, Riding, Division, or District, there to continue and remain, without Bail or Mainprize, and to be kept to hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding twelve Calendar Months, nor less than six Calendar Months, in either Case respectively.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Seaman, Keelman, Carter, Ship Person? offend* Carpenter, or other Person, shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, and ing a feconii shall afterwards offend again in like Manner, every such Seaman, Keelman, Carter, Ship Carpenter, and T,me» to be other Person so offending again in like Manner, and being lawfully convicted thereof, upon any indictment BUllty of Felony* to be found against him, her, or them, in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, or General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace respectively to be holden in and for the County, Shire, Riding, Division, or District, wherein the Offence was committed, shall, for such second and every subsequent Offence, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported to some of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, for any Space of Time or Term of Years, not exceeding fourteen Years, nor less than seven Years.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That none of the Pains, Penalties, or Pu- a£V not to ex-

nifhrtfents herein-before inflicted, or authorized to be inflicted, shall be deemed, construed, or taken to extend lend to Maim*' to any Act, Deed, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, committed, done, or suffered in the Service, or under or by done b7 ihe Au. virtue of the Authority of his said Majesty, or his Successors $ any Thing herein contained to the contrary of hl3

thereof in any wise notwithstanding. ajc y'

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Seaman or Seamen, Keelman or Seamen, &c, Keelmen, Cafter or Carters, Ship Carpenter or Ship Carpenters, or other Person or Persons, shall, at any wilfully set-iig Time after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundrectand ninety-three, wilfully and Fireroany Ship,

maliciously so* D*ch*

438

and deflrojring or cHmagin^ them by any olher Me»n», to b€ tianlpoiwd.

CfTcnest com-n i ttd on ihe fjiph Sf as triable in any Seff on fi r Trial of OtVences commuted thereon.

Prosecution? to be commenced within a Ycjt.

Continuance of

Act.

C. 67, 68. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

maliciously burn or set Fire to any Ship, Keel, or other Vessel, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, to be holden in and for the County, Shire, Riding, Division, or District wherein the Offence was committed, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Seaman or Seamen, Keelman or

Keelmen, Cafter or Carters, Ship Carpenter or Ship Carpenters, or other Person or Persons, shall at any Time after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, wilfully and maliciously dertroy or damage any Ship, Keel, or other Vessel, (otherwise than by Fire,) every Seaman, Keel-man, Cafter, Ship Carpenter, and other Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted upon any Indictment to be found against him, her, or them, in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, or General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden reflectively, in and for the County, Shire, Riding, Division, or District wherein the Offence was committed, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported to some of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, for any Space of Time or Term of Years not exceeding fourteen Years, nor less than seven Years. '

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Offences herein-before described or mentioned, shall be committed on the High Seas, then, and in every such Case, the Offence or Offences so committed shall be triable, and the Person or Persons so offending may be prosecuted and tried by virtue of this Act, in any Section of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery for the Trial of Offences committed on the H igh Seas, within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England \ any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That no Person or Persons shall be prosecuted by virtue of this Act, for any of the Offences aforesaid, unless such Prosecution be commenced within twelve Calendar Months after the Offence committed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the twenty-fourth Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for remedying Inconveniencies attending certain Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, and for the County Palatine of Chester> in the Court of Common Pleas for the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the Court of Pleas for the County Palatine of Durham, and in the County Courts in Wales.

[17th June 1793.]

Where final JuHgrrnrnr* shall be obtained in the Ci mi of Great Srfitons in W-lef, &c. rnd tl c Person* or Efh*.£ls cannot be fou' d within the Jorifdicftion of the Coorr, any Court i f Record at Westminster may iHoc Lxtcotion, &c.

Chutes in 34 Hen. Vi 11. Cap. 2O. enact 1 nc, Tl.ai the Sne-rift's in W.ilcs, in V aints under 40b. tnav award a Cap'as, &c. and that no

WHEREAS Persons against whom Judgements may be obtained in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, the Court of Great Sessions for the County Palatine of Chester, the Court of Common Pleas for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the Court of Pleas for the County Palatine of Durham, may, in order to avoid Execution, remove their Persons and Effects beyond the jurisdiction of such Courts :* Be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases where final Judgement shall be obtained in any Ablion or Suit, in any of the said Courts, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, upon Affidavit made before a Judge, or Commissioner authorized to take Affidavits in stich Court, and filed therein, of such Judgement being obtained, and diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Person or Persons against whom such final Judgement shall be obtained, on his, her, Or their Effects, and of Execution having ifiucd against the Person or Persons or Effects, as the Case maybe, of such Person or Persons, against whom such final Judgement shall be obtained, and that the Person or Persons or Effects of such Person or Persons, are not to be found within the Jurisdiction of such Court, to cause a Transcript of the Record of the said Judgement to be removed into such Court at Westminster'y and to issue Writs of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, against the Person or Persons, or Effects of such Person or Persons, against whom such final Judgement shall be obtained, in such Manner as upon Judgements obtained in the said Courts at Westminster; and the Sheriff upon every such Execution shall, and he is thereby authorized to detain the Person or Persons against whom such Execution shall be issued, until the Sum of forty Shillings be paid to him, or to levy that Sum out of the Effects, according to the Nature of the Execution, for the extraordinary Costs of the Person or Persons by whom such final Judgement shall be obtained in such Court subsequent to the said Judgement, and of the Execution in the said Court at Westminster, over and above the Money for which such Execution shall be issued.

II. v And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty Kine Henry the Eighth, intituled, /In Act for certain Ordinances in the King*s Dominions and Principality of Wales, it is amongst other Things enacted, That the Sheriff of the several Counties or Shires in Wales in the said Act mentioned, upon every Judgement had before him in his County or Hundred Court, in any Plaint under forty Shillings, may award a Capias ad Satisfaciendum to arrest the Party condemned j and it is also enabled, That no Execution of any Judgement given or to be given in any Court in the said Act mentioned be stayed or deferred by reason of any Writ of false Judgement, but that Execution may be had and

made

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 68, 69.

made at all Times before the Reversal of the said Judgement* the Pursuit of the said Writ notwithstand ing:' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Clauses aforesaid in the said Act shall be, from and after the passing of this Act, repealed.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Execution shall be Hayed upon or by any Writ of false Judgement for the reversing of any Judgement given in any County Court in Wales, unless the Person or Persons who shall prosecute the said Writ be first bound unto the Party or Parties for whom the said Judgement shall have been given, in a Recognizance with two sufficient Sureties, such as the Sheriff in the said Court shall approve and allow, in the Sum of ten Pounds, (except where the Sum adjudged for Costsand Damages shall exceed the Sum of ten Pounds, and in such Case in Double the Sum so adjudged,) to prosecute the said Writ with Eftest, and also to pay and satisfy, if the said Judgement be affirmed, or the said Writ abated or nonprossed, all and singular the Damages and Costs adjudged, and also the Costs and Damages awarded for the Delay of Execution; the Acknowledgement of which Recognizance the said Sheriff is hereby authorized and required to take and file amongst the Proceedings of his said* Court; and for the Caption and filing whereof the Sum of one Shilling, and no more, shall be paid to the said Sheriff by the Person or Persons who shall prosecute the said Writ: And in case of a Breach of the Condition of such Recognizance, the Conuzee or Conuzees thereof may have and maintain an Action of Debt on the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Wales, against the Conuzors, or either of them, to recover all and Angular the Damages and Costs in the said Recognizance mentioned,

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cinders brought or carried Coast-wile into Scotland> and for granting other Duties on Licences to fell certain xdistilled Spirituous Liquors, in lieu thereof.

[17th June 1793.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the Duties on Coals, Culm, or Cinders brought Coast wife into any Port in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to substitute other Duties in lieu thereof May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, the several and respective Rates and Duties charged and imposed by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lien the r erf for or in respect of- any Coals, Culm, or Cinders brought or carried Coastwise in any Port or Place in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that then and from thenceforth all the Powers and Authorities given and granted, and the Rules and Regulations established and prescribed by the said Act, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament for or in relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying the said Rates and Duties upon Coals, Culm, or Cinders brought or carried Coastwise into any Port or Place in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and all Penalties and Forfeitures in respect thereof, shall also cease, determine, and be no longer put in Execution, save only and except in all Cases relating to the recovering any Arrears which may at that Time remain unpaid of the said Rates and Duties, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred, or to any Bond or other Security for or in respect of the said Rates and Duties which shall have been given or granted upon or at any Time before the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; any Thing contained in the said Act, or in any other Act or, Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, all and every Person or Persons who shall retail any Spirits made or distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or other British Materials, and which Spirits are commonly called and known by the Name of Aqua Vitae, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall take out an Excise Licence, authorizing such Person or Persons to retail such Spirits; which Licences shall be severally granted by the respective Persons, and in the Manner required and directed by an Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties upon Licences for retailing Wine and Sweets, and upon Licences for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, with respect to Licences granted to Retail Dealers under the said Act; and the Persons to whom such Licences shall be granted shall be subject and liable to all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained and provided in and by the said Act, relative to such Licences, except where the same shall be expressly altered by this Act, and shall be granted to the Persons who shall apply for the same, on the Person or Persons applying for the same first paying for such Licences the several Sums of Money following; that is to say,

For every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person or Persons to retail such Spirits within the Limits of any Royal Burgh, Burgh of Barony, or Regality, in any Part of Scotland, or in any Place in any other Part of Scotland other than in the Highlands of Scotland, there shall be charged the yearly Sum of two Pounds:

33 Geo. III. 3 L For

439

JuL ar.:;u he flayed by any Writ of Life Judgement, repealed.

No Execution to be flayed by any such Writ, unless the Profecu-for enter into a Recognizance,

& c.

In case of Breach of Recognizance an Action of Debt may be maintained.

From July 5,

1793, Du ies imposed by 27 Geo. 111, Cap.

1 3. on Coal, &:c. carried Coastwise in Scotland, 10 cease.

From 0£h 10, 1793, Persons retailing Aqua Vitae in Scotland to take out an Excise Licence, &c.

30 Geo. III. Cap. 38.

The Duties r© be paid for such Lken;es«

440

Act not to extend to Persons having a Licence to retiil Foreign Spirits,

l'ersons retailing any other Spirits than plain Aqua Vitae, to take out Licences as required by 50 Geo. III. Cap.

3*.

Persons felling less than Half a Gallon English of Aqua Vi'te, to be deemed Ketaiieis.

No Person to have a Retail Licence, who shall not have a Beer Licence;

nor any Distiller,

Ac.

Wholesale Dealers in any othfer Spiiits than plain Aqua Vita*, except li-ctnfed Distillers, Arc. to take out Licences as Lrandy Dealers, agreeably to 24 Geo. III. Stir.

Cap. 41.

Wholefele Dealers in Aqua Vita?, not being Distillers, &c. to take out a 3 I. Licence*

Penalty on Wholesale Dealers felling less than certain Quantities,

C. 69. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

For every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person or Persons to retail such Spirits within the several Counties and DislricSts of the Highlands of Scotland, (the Royal Burghs, Burghs of Barony, or Regality therein excepted,) there shall be charged the yearly Sum of one Pound.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to compel any Person to take out a Licence to retail Spirits called Aqua Vita, who shall have duly obtained an Excise Licence for retailing Foreign Spirits under the Laws, now in force in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to exempt any Person or Persons in Scotland, who shall retail any Spirits distilled from Melasses, Sugar, or Foreign Materials, or any Compound Spirits whatever, or any distilled Spirituous Li»-quors, or Strong Waters, other than plain Aqua Vita, distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg* or British Materials, from taking out a Licence for that Purpose in the Manner directed and required by the.-said Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall fell, offer or expose to Sale, any Spirits, made or diililled1 from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or other British Materials, commonly called and known by the Name of Aqua Vita, unmixed or mixed with themselves or any other Ingredients, in any less Quantity than Haifa Gallon, EngliJJj Wine Measure, shall be deemed and taken to be a Retailer or Retailers of such Spirits within the Meaning of this Act; and if any Spirits, made or distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer* Bigg, or other British Materials, commonly called and known by the Name of Aqua Vita, unmixed or mixed; with themselves or any other Ingredients, shall at any Titpe be fold, offered or exposed to Sale, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in any Quantity less than Half a Gallon Enolish Wine Measure, such felling, offering or exposing to Sale, shall be deemed and taken to be a retailing; of such Spirits, within the Meaning of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall be licensed as aforesaid, for retailing Spirits, unless he, she, or they shall also be duly licensed and authorized by the Justicos or Magistrates to fell Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors by Retail.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Licence or Licences for the retailing of such Spirits as aforesaid, shall be granted to any Person or Persons who do or shall at the Time exercise the Trade of a Distiller, Reftificr, Grocer, or Chandler, or keep a Toil Bar, or a Brandy Shop or Shops, for Sale of any Spirituous Liquors, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and any Licence which shall be granted to any such Person or Persons, or to any other Person or Persons for his, her, or their Benefit or Use, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be null and void.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, every Person or Persons in Scotland who shall fell, or deal in by Wholesale, any Spirits made or distilled from Melasses, Sugar, or Foreign Materials, or any Compound Spirits, or Distilled Spirits, Liquors, or Strong Waters, other than plain Aqua Vita, distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or other British Materials, not being a licensed Distiller or Distillers, Rectifier or Reftifiers, Compounder or Compounders, or Retailer or Retailers, of Spirits, shall be subject; and liable to take out and pay for a Licence for that Purpose, in the Manner directed and required in the Case of Brandy Dealers, or Persons felling Brandy, or other Spirituous Liquors, by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth \rear of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by the Makers of and Dealers in% c.xcfeable Commodities therein mentioned; and shall also be subject and liable to the same Duty, and to all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained and provided in and by the said Act, relative to Brandy Dealers, or Persons felling Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of Ocr toler one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, every Person or Persons in Scotland, who shall, by Wholesale fell or deal in Spirits made and distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer* Bigg, or other British Materials, commonly called and known by the Name of Aqua Vita, in that Part of the United Kingdom, not being a licensed Distiller or Distillers, Reftificr or Reftifiers, Compounder or Compounders, Retailer or Retailers of Spirits, shall be subject and liable to take out a Licence for that Purpose, and to pay. for the same the yearly Sum of three Pounds, in tl\e Manner directed and required by, and under such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisioqs, Penalties, and Forfeitures as are contained in the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty relative to Brandy Dealers, or Persons felling Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who shall be so licensed as aforesaid in that Part of Great Britain called S<;otla?id to fell or deal in byWholefale any Spirits made or distilled from Melasses, Sugar, or Foreign Materials, or Compound Spirits, or distilled Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, other than plain Aqua Vita, distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or other British Materials, shall fell any such Spirits in any less Quantity than two Gallons EngliJJj Wine Measure; or if any Person who shall be so licensed as aforesaid in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to fell or deal by Wholesale in Spirits made or distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or other British iVIate-rials, commonly called and known by the Name of Aqua Vita, in that Part of the Doited Kingdom, shall fell

any

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 69.

any such Spirits in any less Quantity than Half a Gallon EngliJJo Wine Measure, every such Person shall be ‘deemed a Retailer of such respective Spirits without Licence, and shall be subject to the Penalty by this Act imposed and provided in case of retailing Spirits without Licence.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Highlands of Scotland shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to comprehend the Whole of the several Counties of Orkney, Caithness, Sutherland, Ross, Croinarty, Inverness, Argyll, Bute, and Nairn, and also such Parts of the several Counties of Dumbarton, Stirling, Perth, Forfar, and Kincardine, as lie to the East ward of a certain Line beginning at the Boat of Balloch, where Loch Lomond runs into the River Leven, in the County of Dumbarton, and proceeding Eastward along the 'Great Military Road from thence to Bucklivie in the County of Stirling, from thence in a certain Line Northward to Thornhill, and from thence to Dumblane and Auchterarcler in the County of Perth, and from Auchterarder in a Line proceeding in a North-east Direction to a certain Point West of the Town of Perth, and distant therefrom two Miles, and from thence in a Line Northward to the Boat of Kinclaven on the River-Tay in the same County of Perth, and from thence to Blairgowrie, Alyth, and Kerrymuir in the County of Forfar, and from Kerrymuir by the Foot and South Side of the GTampion Plills till they terminate near the River Dee within three Miles to the West ward of Aberdeen, and all Parts to the North and North-west of the said Line of Boundary, excepting always from and out of such Part of the said Highlands the Limits of any Royal Burgh, Burgh of Barony or Regality, as aforesaid.

XII. And whereas, by an Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better and more effectually securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein, it was enacted, That, if any Person who shall fell or deal in any Sort of Spirituous Liquors should receive or buy, or procure or employ any Person to receive or buy for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Use, any British)-made Spirituous Liquors 4 (except at the publick Sales of such British-made Spirituous Liquors as had been condemned, and were fold under the Direction of the Commissioners of Excise) of any Person or Persons other than a Maker, Distiller, < Rectifier, or Compounder of Spirituous Liquors for Sale, over the outward Door of whose Stillhouse, Store- house, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place by him, her, or them respectively made use of for the making or keeping of Brit;Jh~made Spirituous Liquors, should be painted the Words, Distiller, RcClifier, or Compounder of Spirituous Liquors, (as the Case should be,) as by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds by private Distiller s, and for the better securing the Dufies on Low Wines and Spirits, was directed and prescribed, every such Person so offending should forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of five hundred Pounds: And whereas it is expedient to allow entered and licensed Dealers in, or Retailers of, British-made Spirituous Liquors in that x Part of Great Britain called Scotland, not being Distillers, ReClifiers, or Compounders of Z?r/7//Z>-made Spirituous Liquors, to receive or buy, or to procure or employ any Person to receive or buy, for him, her,

or them, or for his, her, or their Use, British-m&dz Spirituous Liquors of any entered Dealer or Retailer of British~m2idz Spirituous Liquors Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all entered and licensed Dealers in, or Retailers of, British-made Spirituous Liquors in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, not being Distillers, Rectifiers, or Compounders of British-made Spirituous Liquors, to receive or buy, or procure or employ any Person to receive or buy, for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Use, any Z?r/7/yfc-made Spirituous Liquors of any entered or licensed Dealer in, or Retailer of, British-mzde Spirituous Liquors; any Thing in the said recited Clause, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall fell or send out any British Spirits, mixed with Foreign Spirits, from his, her, or their Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Sheds, or other Places, to him, her, or them belonging, in any greater Quantity than four Gallons, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things which in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance; and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Law now in force, relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act,) shall be praCliled, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, iMatters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and the Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made Part of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund.

441

What ft'!) be dermeJ the Highlands,

21 Geo. III. Cap. 55. ieute<J in Part,

Dealers in or licensed Re-ta lers of hritift-made Spirits in Sc< tland, not being Distilleffj may buy British-made Spirits of any licensed Dealer or Reiailer.

Penalty for fending out a greater Quant ty than four Gallons of mixed 5pitits«

All Laws relating to the Excise to extend to this Act*

Monies to be paid into the Pxcheqoer, and carried to the ConfoLdat&d Fund,

3L

CAP.

442

C. 70.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III.

27 Oeo.III.

13. reciteJ.

Recited AO, so as lelaits 10 *' IV *vw ance fox Damage of Figs, repealed 3

ard aKo the Duties on Importation and Drawbacks on Exportation of Fig% in lieu of which they shall be as follow:

Doty and Drawback,

A Doty of 7 ! 6s. xid. per Cwt. to be paid ©n Importation, and a Drawback

A.D. 1793.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for repealing the Duties and Drawbacks on Figs, and for granting and allowing' other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof; for charging a Duty on the Importation, and allowing a Drawback on the Exportation, of Virginal Wire of Copper; for empowering the Commi Alone is of the Customs to authorize their Officers to make Allowance for Damages received by Goods during the Voyage; and for authorizing the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise to fell Vessels, liable to be broken up, to private Persons, to be used as Privateers.

[17th June 1793.]

6 IU hi EREAS by an Act, pa {fed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Cti/loms and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Publick Revenue-r 4 for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Keduftion of the National Debt \

it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, on which spe- cifick Duties are payable by the said Act, according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure thereof, and which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from Foreign Parts after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, (except Wine, Tobacco, Raifms, and Currants,) shall receive any Damage by Salt Water, or otherwise, during the Course of the Voyage, after such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall have been laden or shipped in Foreign Parts, and before the same shall be unshipped or discharged from the Ship or Vessel in which they shall have been imported into Great Britain, so that the Owner thereof shall be prejudiced in the Sale of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the principal Offi cers of the Customs, or any two of them, (whereof the Collector for the Time being shall be one,) the Proof of such Damage being first ascertained in the Manner required by Law, and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, shall have Power to choosetwo indifferent Merchants, experienced in the Values of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, who, upon viewing the same, shall certify and declare, upon their Corporal Oaths, first administered by the said Officers, who are hereby authorized and impowered to administer the same, what Damage such Goods, Wares, or Merchan- dize have received, and how much the lame are lessencd in their true Value, according to such Damage, in relation to the Duties set on them in the Schedule thereunto annexed, marked (A); and thereupon thepro- per Officers shall and they are thereby authorized and required to makca just, reasonable, and proportion- able Allowance to the Merchant, by Way of Return or Repayment out of the Duties due, and which shall have been actually paid for the same: And whereas frequent Disputes do arise between the Officers of the Customs and the Merchants, in adjusting the Allowance in regard to Figs; it having been found by Experience extremely difficult to distinguish what Damage such Goods have received by unavoidable Acci-' dents in the Coui fe of the Voyage, from the Decay they are liable to by heating, if of an inferior Quality, 4 or packed in bad Condition, before they are shipped in Foreign Parts; which has put the Merchants trad- ing in that Commodity at different Ports of this Kingdom upon an unequal Footing, and been prejudicial to the Publick RevenueNow, for Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kind's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said herein-before recited Act, so far as the same relates to making any Allowance for Damage (by Way of Return or Repayment out of the Duties) on Figs, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, made void, and shall no longer be putin Practice, any Thing in the Lid Ad to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas, in Consideration of the said recited Act being repealed, as to the Allowance for Da- mage on Figs, it may he reasonable to make the Merchants importing Figs a Complication (for the Allowance they would have been entitled to) by lowering the Duties on the Importation of Figs;' be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Duties to be paid on the Importation, and the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of Figs by virtue of the said recited Act, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, (except as to the Recovery and Payment of Arrears,) and instead and in lieu thereof the Duties on the Importation, and the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Figs shall be respectively as follows (videlicet):

Duty. Drawback.

S d. S» d>

If imported in a Britif-built Ship—the Hundred Weight - - - 100 9 2

If imported in a Foreign Ship—the Hundred Weight - - - -10 6 92

III. And whereas by the said recited Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, a Duty of seven Pounds six Shillings and eleven Pence per Hundred Weight is imposed upon the Importation, and a Drawback of six Pounds twelve Shillings and eleven Pence per Hundred Weight is allowed on the Exportation of Virginal Wire of Brass; And whereas it is expedient that the like Duty

Duties and Drawbacks so be paid, &c. according to le-cited Act.

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 70. 443

c should be imposed on the Importation, and the like Drawback allowed on the Exportation of Virginal of 61.12*. 1 id. 4 Wire of Copper;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the to be allowed on passing of this Act, a Duty of seven Pounds six Shillings and eleven Pence per Hundred Weight shall be paid virTna^Wire upon the Importation, and a Drawback of six Pounds twelve Shillings and eleven Pence per Hundred Weight of Copper.

shall be allowed upon the Exportation of Virginal Wire of Copper.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties and Drawbacks by this Act respectively imposed and allowed shall be raised, levied, colIe&ed, paid, recovered, allowed, and applied in like Ma|nner, and under such and the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the Duties on the Importation, and the Drawbacks on the Exportation, of Figs and Virginal Wire of Brass respectively, are respectively now raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and allowed, by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited ActL

V. And whereas by the said recited Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the principal Officers of the Customs, or any two of them (whereof the Collector for the Time being to be one) are impowered, in the Case of Goods which have been duly proved to have received Damage during the Course of the Voyage, to choose two indifferent Merchants, experienced in the Values of such Goods, who upon viewing the same shall certify and declare, upon their Corporal Oaths, what Damage such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize have received, and how much the same are lessened in their true Value, according to such Damage, in relation to the Duties set on them in the Schedule to the said Act annexed, marked (A): and thereupon the proper Officers are to make a just, reasonable, and proportion- able Allowance to the Merchant, byWay of Return or Repayment out of the Duties due, and which shall have been actually paid for the same: And whereas it is expedient to empower the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively to authorize their Officers to make Allowance for Damage,

in order that, if the Importer of the Goods shall be satisfied therewith, the calling in of Merchants to afeer- tain the Quantum of Damage, as directed by the said recited Act, may not be resorted to;' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any four or more Commissioners of the Customs in England, and any three or more Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland respectively, to authorize such Officers under their respective Management as they shall judge proper, in the Case of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which shall have received Damage during the Course of the Voyage, (the Proof of such Damage being first ascertained in the Manner required by Law,) to view and examine such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, and to certify what Damage such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize have received, and how much the same are lessened in their true Value, according to such Damage, fn relation to the Duties set on them in the Schedule annexed to the said recited Act, marked (A); and thereupon the Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them, in England, and the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, respectively, shall direct a just, reasonable, and proportionable Allowance to be made to the Importer of such Goods, by Way of Return or Repayment out of the Duties due, and which shall have been actually paid for the same: Provided always, That if the Importer of such Goods shall not be satisfied with the Allowance so made, or the said Officers so authorized by the said Commissioners shall represent themselves to be incompetent to determine what will be a just, reasonable, and proportionable Allowance in any particular Case, then the Rules, Regulations, and Directions of the said recited Act shall be resorted to, and duly observed and complied with, in regard to ascertaining the Quantum of such Damage, on the Oaths of two indifferent Merchants.

VI. And whereas by an Act, made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel, liable to be broken up or de- stroyed, shall be necessary and fit for the Service of his Majesty in his Royal Navy, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise respectively, if they think proper, to cause such Ship or Vessel, instead of being broken up or destroyed, to be sold to the Officers appointed by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Navy, for that Purpose: And whereas it is expedient,

during the present Hostilities, to authorize the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs or Excise respectively to dispose of Ships or Vessels, which shall or may, on Condemnation, be liable to be broken up, to private Persons, for the Purpose of being used against the Enemy as private Ships, under Commission from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, ox the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being:' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Condemned shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs and Excise respectively to fell and Vessels may he dispose of any Ship or Vessel which, on Condemnation, shall or may be liable to be broken up, to private p/1jdvta<Je^9ufed a* Persons, for the Purpose of being used against the Enemy, under Commission from the Lord High Admiral 1 r of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being; and one Moiety of the Produce of such Sale, after Charges of Condemnatinn and other Application of Charges are deduced, to be paid into the Exchequer, for the Use of his Majesty, and the other Moiety to lbe Ploduce* the Officer who sued and prosecuted for the same.

Commissioners of the Customs to direct their Officers to examine Goods damaged on the Voyage, an i to make a propor-t onable Allow-arce rut of the Duties;

but if the Importer is not fa-tiified with the Allowance, or the Officers incompetent to determine it, the Dire£iionscf the recited Act to be followed.

24 Geo. III. Seflf, 2. Cap 4 7*

CAP.

444*

*7 Geo. III. Cap. z6. recited.

The Treasury may lec to farm the Duty on Post Horle< in le pa-rale Diflri£U#

Continuance of Conti atle.

Power of recited Act to extend to this Act).

C. 71, 72. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High 4Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time beings to let to farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign} on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

[17th June 1793.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made and passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to let to farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same, the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, for the Time being, were impowered either by themselves, or by his Majesty's Commissioners for ' 4 managing the Duties on Tramped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, thereunto duly authorized, to let to farm the several therein recited Rates and Duties, to such Persons as should be willing to farm the same, for any.

Term not exceeding three Year?, at a Rent not less than the gross Amount which the same should appear to have produced within the Year ending on the first: Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty- fix, under certain Rules, Directions, Regulations, and Restrictions, expressed in the said Act: And whereas the Powers of the said Act were continued by a subsequent Act, of the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for a certain Term of three Years, which will expire on or before the first Day of Febru- ary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four: And whereas it appears to be expedient, that the Provi- fions and Powers of the said Acts should be continued for a limited Time May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament artem-bled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to and for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, for the Time being, and they are hereby impowered from Time to Time, as it shall and maybe necessary, either by themselves, or by his Majesty's Commissioners for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, thereunto authorized for that Purpose, under the Hand and Seal of the Lord High Treasurer, or under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, for the Time being, to let to farm separately in Distri&s, the said Rates and Duties arising within each District, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to farm the same, so as the said Rates and Duties respectively shall, from Time to Time, be put up at a Rent not lefsthau the gross Amount which the same produced within the Year ending on the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, under and subject to the several Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions prefer ibed in the said Act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Contrail or Agreement for letting to farm the Rates and Duties aforesaid, shall be made to continue for a longer Time than until the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and all other Directions, Matters, and Things prescribed or appointed by the said recited Act, not altered by, or repugnant to this Act, shall be in full Force and Effect, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same, and every of them, had severally been re-enacted in this Act.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund *, for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[21st June 1793.]

3,0.64,000l. may be irtued out of the Consolidated Fund; which may be raised by Leans or Exchequer Hills on the Credit of the said Fund. Money lent on Security of this Act not to be rated to any Tax. 44 Tallies of Loan to be (truck, fJc. Orders for Repayment to be registered and paid inCourfc. No Fee to be taken for registering, OV. on Penalty of treble Damage? and Costs. Not to be deemed undue Pre-u ference which Oiders of the same Date brought the same Day, are entered first, so they are all entered;

4' nor if subsequent Orders are paid before prior ones not brought for Payment, if Money be reserved todif- charge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the Sum hereby granted to be raised by Exchequer Bills, in the Manner prescribed by the Malt Ad of the present St1 (lions *, the Provisions of which Ad (ex-e< cept such as charge the Bills on the Malt Duties, and limit the Rate of Interest) to extend to this. Bills

445

A.D. 1793. Anno tncefimb tertio- Georgii III. C. 72, 73,

and Interest, &c. to be discharged out of the Consolidated Fund. Bank may advance Money on the " Credit of this Act. 435,696l. 1 s. yd. 1 q. Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, on January 5, 1793. " Monies raised by the Land l ax, Malt A£1* Loans, 2,000,000l. Further Loans, 2,000.000l. Annuities; 44 Lottery; 435,696l. u. yd, 1 q. Surplus of the Consolidated Fund on January 5, 1793; 3,464,000/, c‘ hereby granted out of the Consolidated Fund; shall be applied (with the Residue of the Sale of French " Prizes) to the Uses hereafter expressed. 31396,915/* 5s. 10d, for Naval Services 1793; 575,000l. " for Navy Debt; 320l. 6s. (yd, for Land Service of the Ordnance prior to Dece?nber 31, 1783; " r5?°95^ 3.^. for Land Service of the Ordnance in 1791; 6,826l. 15J. 4d+ for ditto in 1792;

" 32,068l. 154. 4^. fop Sea Service of ditto in 1-791; 448,374/, 191. 9^/. for Land Service of ditto " in 1793; 281,079l. i8r. 8^/. for ditto in ditto; 9,802l. 5J. to repair the Cobb at Lyme Regis; 44 3,968,559l. 8r. 3^. for Land Forces in 1793, 579,174l. i8j. 1 d, zq. for 17,344 effective

Men, Officers, fife, in Great Britain, &c.; 351,385l. i j. io^/. for Forces in the Plantations, 44 Gibraltar, and New South Wales; 11,559/- i7-f* 1 w/. Diffeience between British and 7/-//Z> Establish-<c* ments of Regiments in Gibraltar and the JVJt Indies, for 1793; 8,323l. 17*. 1 od. zq. for Regiments in- thzEaJl Indies \ 117,500l. for Recruiting and Contingencies, &c.; 6,409l. Ss. for General and Staff cC Officers in Great Britain; 13,940l. 8 s, 11 d. for Supernumerary Officers; 52*964l. 6 s, yd. to the Pay- mailer General, Secretary at War, &c.; 156,797l. iSs. 4d. for reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines; 202l. i*. 8 d. for reduced Officers, tic. of the Horse Guards; 3,000l. for Officers late in the Service of the States General; 55,092 /. 10s. for reduced Officers of the British-American Forces; and 44 4,907l. km. for Allowances to them; 9,3131. 6 s. $d. for Widows Pensions; 177,995l. 2S* 1 d* for Chelsea Hospital, 278,122l. 14*. 2d. for the Militia or several Counties, and 72,000l. for their Contin- gencies, &c.; 437,837 /. 1 r. 11 d. for an Augmentation to the Forces; 130,950l. for Independent Companies; 32,5201, for additional General and Staff Officers in Great Britain; 285,458 /. zs, 6d. for the Militia of several Counties, and 65,000l. for their Contingencies, &c.; 15,639 /. 5^. 11 */. for a Corps of Light Dragoons in Jamaica, Life,; 238,253l. 14;. 8^/. for Hanoverian Troops, and 217,598 /. for their Levy Money*. &V.; 109,682l. 16 j. 9^. for Fencibles in North Britain,; 140,000l. for Cloathing of

Militia; 59,066l. 3 s. yd. for Augmentation to the first Regiment of Dragoon Guards, &c.; 337,865/, 4‘ tr. 2 d. for Extraordinaries of Land Forces in 1792; 3,500,000l. to pay off Exchequer Bills, 32 Geo. III.; 44 2,000,000l. to discharge further ditto, ditto; 37,657l. 17 s. 3d. issued in pursuance of Addresses; 6,700l. 44 for the Civil Establishment of Upper Canada; 5,315l. for Afoiw Scotia; 4,400l. for Afotf Brunswick r 44 1,900l. for the Island of Saint John \n America \ \,%ooI. fox Cape Breton \ 1,182l. 10 j. for Nevjfound~ " land; 4,250l. for the Bahama Islands; 580l. to the Chief Justice of Bermuda; 600l. to the Chief Justice of Dominica; 4,657l. i8r. or/, zq. for New South Wales \ 13,000l. for Forts in Africa; 4,500l. for Roads and Bridges in the Highlands; 500l. ill'ued to y. Dailey for Charges in executing 29 Geo. III. Cap. 44 64.; t,600l. issued to the Commissioners of the Land Revenues; 218,041l. 7 s. 4cl. for Part of Orders 4t made out pursuant to z% Geo. III. Cap. 40; and 58,500l. 17*. 6^/. for ditto made outpurfuant to 30 Geo. tC III. Cap. 34; 56,370l. 15s. 8r/. for Provisions sent to New South Wales, iff c..; 3,727/, 12s. Expences of Trial of IV. Hajlings Esq.; 11,021 /. 4 s. 5 d. issued to D. Campbell Esq. for Convicts on the Thames; 44 12,407l. is. \d. zq. to James Bradley Esq. for Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Hai hours; 44 200,000l. towards the Reduction of the National Debt; 26,000l. issued to T. Cotton Esq. for Relief of American Sufferers; 15,643 /. 4J. 6d. issued to Mess. Cotton and Chinnery on Account of the Sierra Leone Settlement; 386l. 1.5s. 6d. issued to IV. Chinnery for Provisions for Emigrants from the Highlands; 44 1,068l. 4 j. issued to J. White Esq. for Land Tax on Salaries of the Officers for auditing Publick Accounts; 5,897 /. 51. issued to C. Goddard Esq. to satisfy a Bill drawn by Sir Morton Eden; 1,146l. Ss. 44 issued to W. Pollock Esq. for Expences of IJJe of Man Commissioners; 13,800l. 15^. issued for Gratuities * to Settlers in Upper Canada; 3,000l. to the Trustees of the British Museum; 1,453l. 16s. 4d. zq. issued 4< to the Marquis of Salisbury for Work done at the House of Commons 1,420 /. 3 s. issued to T. Cotton Esq.

" for Settlers in this Kingdom from Nova Scotia; 225,325 /. zs. 4 cl. for Deficiency of Grants in 1792. By " 32 Geo. III. Cap. 35. 159,797/* ior. was appropriated to be paid to reduced Officers for 1792. The " Overplus of which Sum may be disposed of to Officers maimed, ifc. as his Majesty shall direct."

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend several Acts of Parliament for regulating the Snipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the J.hipping 3*

and carrying Slaves i/z-British Vessels from the CoaJl ^Africa: And whereas it is expedient to continue, for CaP* 52 4* recited,

a limited Time, and to amend the said Act be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Ma-kfly, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall not be lawful for any Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any British Ship or Vessel whatever, which shall cicarYne^u^ clear out from any Port of this Kingdom from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred from c'rcat Bri-and ninety-three, to have on Board at any one Time, or to convey, carry, bring, or transport Slaves from the tain to carry

Coail Slaves iiom

CAP. LXXIII.

[17th June 1793.]

44-6

A^r.ca in greater Numbers th »n herein specified.

Vessels to be deemed of the Tonnage fit forth in their Certificates of Registry.

Masters of Vessels 11 forfeit 30 I. for every Slave exceding the limited Number,

If more than two-fifths of the Slaves be Children, five of the Surplus to be deemed equal to four Slaves,&c.

C. 73. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Coast of Africa to any Part beyond Sea, in any such Ship or Vessel, in any greater Number than in the Proportion of five such Slaves for every three Tons of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, so far as the said Ship or Vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one 1‘ons, and moreover of one such Slave for every additional Ton of such Ship or Vessel over and above the said Burthen of two hundred and one Tons; or Male Slaves who shall exceed four Feet four Inches in Height, in any greater Number than in the Proportion of one such Male Slave to every one Ton of the Burthen of such Ship or V eflfel, so far as the said Ship or Vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons, and moreover of three such Male Slaves, who shall exceed the said Height of four Feet four Inches, for every additional five Tons of such Ship or Vessel, over and above the said Burthen of two hundred and one Tons; and every such Ship or Vessel shall be deemed and taken to be of such Tonnage or Burthen as is described and let forth in the respective Certificate of the Registry of each and every such Ship or Vessel, granted in pursuance of an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for tbs further bicrease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation \ and if any such Master, or other Person taking cr having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall act contrary hereto, such Master or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for each and every such Slave, exceeding in Number the Proportions herein-before limited; one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof shall go to any Person or Persons who shall first sue for the same: Provided always, That if there shall be in any such Ship or Vessel any more than two fifth Parts of the Slaves who shall be Children, and who shall not exceed four Feet four Inches in Height, then every five such Children over and above the aforesaid Proportion of two-fifths, shall be deemed and taken to be equal to four of the said Slaves; within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Case of a Ship taking on Board any Number of Slaves that shall be found shipwrecked, or from on Board any other Ship or Vessel where, by reason of Mutiny or Insurrection among the Slaves, or the Crew, or by Failure of Hands, or by any actual Distress of the Vessel, the Master or Commander shall be disabled from governing the Ship, or continuing the Voyage, the Proof of which shall lie upon the Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel so taking on Board such Slaves.

‘c Masters of Vessels, before they land any Slaves in the JVrft Indies, to declare upon Oath, before the Qffi* ci cer of the Customs, the Burthen of the Vessel, C3V.; and if they land Slaves contrary hereto, to forfeit 500l. " Officers of the Customs to take an Account of the Slaves on Board such Vessels, &c. on Penalty of 500/, u Where there is no Officer of the Customs, any Civil Officer to receive the Oath of the Master, No " Vessel to carry any Slaves, unless entered for that Purpose at clearing out, and unless the Surgeon give 4t Bond to keep a Journal of the Slaves during the Voyage; which Journal is to be delivered to the Officer u of the Customs, at the first British Port of Ariival, &c. Officer to deliver to the Master a Copy of his u Oath, and to the Surgeon a Copy of his Journal, and transmit Duplicates to the Commissioners of the " Customs. Masters or Surgeons ailing contrary hereto to forfeit 100l. If Penalty on Matters be not " -paid within fourteen Days, their Vessels may be seized and fold. On Arrival of Vessels in America or the u West Indies, the Owners to give Bond for Payment of Penalties, &V. Penalties maybe sued for in any tc Court of Vice Admiralty in America, or the TVrJl Indies, whete the Offence shall have been committed, or cc the Cargo shall have been disposed of, or in any Court of Record at Westminster, or the Court of Ex-cc chequer at Edinburgh. The upper and lower Cabbin, and the bpace between Decks, to be allotted to the tc Slaves. If any Person take the Command of a Vessel, who is not qualified as herein directed, he and also " the Owner shall forfeit 500l. No Insurance to be made against any Loss, except the Perils of the Sea, u &c. No Vessel to be cleared out that has not a Surgeon who has parted his Examination, &c. If the 46 Officer at the Port of Discharge shall be satisfied that there have not died on the Voyage more than two Slaves in the Hundred, he is to give Certificates to the Mafier and Surgeon, and on Production thereof to 44 the Commissioners of the Customs, they are to order the Master 100l. and the Surgeon 50l. Like Certificates to be given where the Mortality has not been more than three in the Hundred, which is to entitle 41 the Master to 50 /. and the Surgeon to 25 /. Before any Vessel is cleared Outwards, the Master, Officers* 44 and Mariners, to execute Articles of Agreement in the Forms hereunto annexed; and no other Form to be used on Penalty of 50l. Muster Roll to be regularly kepton Penalty of 100l. and six Months Imprisonment. No Officer or Seaman to be turned over or discharged, unless into his Majesty's Ships of War, or to assist a Ship in actual Distress, or upon Preferment, or under ill State of Health. No Slops, 44 Este. to be supplied beyond one-fourth of the Monthly Wages. Regulations with regard to Officers or Seamen behaving in a riotous, seditious, or mutinous Manner. Master to cause a printed Abstract oftjiis Act, Ef>V. to be hung up in the most publick Place in his Vessel, on Penalty of 20 /. If mutinous Officers,' 44 &c» betaken into Custody in Africa or the West Indies, a Statement, upon Oath, to be lodged with the Governor, and if the Witnesses do not appear at the Trial, they shall incur a Penalty, at the Discre- tion of the Court. Officers, EsV. to continue in Pay till the Vessel is cleared Inwards. Wagers of Run Men to go to Greenwich Hospital, &c. Where Offences may be tried, and Penalties sued for. Limita- tion of Actions. Delivery of Writs on board Vessels, to be deemed legal Service. Persons taking faHe 44 Oaths, to incur the Pains of Perjury. This Act to continue in force to August i, 1794."

1

CAP.

__________i

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 74, 447

A.D. 1793.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland.

[17th "June 1793.]

WHEREAS the Regulations introduced by the Act$, made in the twenty*third and thirtieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors ?nore equal and expedi-< tious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, having in general been found useful and beneficial to the

c. Publick, it is proper that they should, with such Variations and Amendments as Experience hath suggested,

be continued, and that other and farther Regulations should be made for attaining the same salutary Ends may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Sequestrations already awarded, or that shall at any Time prior to the Commencement of this Act be awarded under the Authority of the said two Acts, or either of them, shall be carried on to a Conclusion, and the Estates thereby lequestrated shall be managed and divided in the Manner, and according to the Rules prescribed by the said Acts, uitless the Court of Session, upon Cause shewn, shall order the Sequestration to be renewed under this present Act,

' which shall commence from and immediately after the passing thereof.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions and Questions arising upon the Con-llrudion and Efted of an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety-six. Chapter five, intituled, An Act for declaring Notour Bankrupts, when the Debtor is out of Scotland., or not liable to be imprisoned by reason of Privilege, or personal Protection, a Charge of Horning executed against him, together with either an Arrestment of any of his Effects not looled or discharged within fifteen Days, or a Poinding executed of any of his Moveables, or a Decree of Adjudication of any Part of his Estate, for Payment or Security of Debt, shall, when joined with Insolvency, be sufficient Proof of Notour Bankruptcy, and from and after the last Step of such Diligence, the said Debtor, if insolvent, shall be holden and deemed a Notour Bankrupt; and every Person, whether he be out of Scotland or not, whole Estate shall be sequestrated under the Authority of this present Act, shall also be holden and deemed a Notour Bankrupt in all Questions upon the said Act of one thousand six hundred and ninety-six, from and after the Date of the fix ft Deliverance on the Petition to the Court of Session for awarding the Sequestration.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when a Debtor is made Notour Bankrupt in Terms of the said Act made in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety-six, as now extended, all Ar-reftments which shall have been used for attaching any Effects of such Bankrupt within sixty Days prior to the Bankruptcy, or within four Calendar Months thereafter, shall be ranked, pari paj]'uy in the same Manner as if such Arrestments had been of the same Date; and that in Time coming. Letters or Precepts of Arrestment bearing to be upon a depending Action may be granted summarily, upon Production of the libelled Summons, and it shall be no Objection to the paripaffu Preference hereby established, that the Summons upon which any Arrestment proceeds was not executed, or that the Debt upon which it is founded was not liquidated at the Date of the Arrestment; provided always, that these and all other necessary Steps are afterwards taken without any undue Delay; and in case the first or any subsequent Arrester shall in the meantime have obtained a Decree of Forthcoming or Preference, and thereupon have recovered Payment, he shall nevertheless be accountable for the Sum recovered to those who, by virtue of this Act, may be eventually' found to have a pari passu Preference thereon, and shall be liable to an Action at their Instance, for Payment to them proportionally, after allowing out of the Fund the Expence of making it effectual; and further providing, that if there be any Arrestments used for attaching the same Effects dfter the Period of four Months subsequent to the Bankruptcy, such Arrestments shall not complete with those used prior to the Period aforesaid, but may rank with one another, according to the former Law and Practice.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Arrestment executed at the Market Cross of Edinburgh, and Pier and Shore of Leith, to attach the Effects of the Debtor, as in the Hands of a Person out of Scotland, shall not be held to have interpelled such Person from paying to the original Creditor, unless Proof be made that he or those having Authority to act for him were previovifly in the Knowledge of such Arrestment having been so used.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in fixture the Messenger or other Officer employed in executing a Poinding for Debt, shall leave in the Hands of the Debtor a Schedule of the poinded Goods, and Note of the appraised Values, (one Appraisement being in every Case sufficient,) and shall forthwith report his Execution of Poinding to the Sheriff', or other Judge Ordinary, who shall give Directions for felling the Goods poinded by publick Roup, after such Publication, and at such Time and Place as Circumstances may require, any Person who intromits with or carries off the Goods in the meantime, in order to disappoint the Poinding, bein<* liable in Double the appraised Value thereof; and the nett Sum arising from the Sale, after Deduction of all Charges, or the Goods, in case no Offerers appear, shall be delivered over to the poinding Creditor, a Note or Minute of the Transaction being kept by the Clerk, to be made patent to all concerned, for a Fee of one Shilling.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when a Person has been rendered Notour Bankrupt as aforesaid, no Poinding of the Moveables belonging to such Bankrupt used withm sixty Days before

33 Geo. JII. 3 tv I the

23 Geo. 1. r. Cap. t8.; and 30 Geo. III. Cap. j, recitedr

Sequestration* awarded under the recited Acts to be followed out, unless renewed underi hi* Act.

Act of Scotland of 1696 extended to Persons. Abroad, &c.

Pari paftu Prc* feience of Arrestments in certain cases.

Arrestments at

Market Croft, &c, no fuffei-nt Interpellation.

Poinded Goods to be sold by Roup.

Pari pa&i Pre* ferenceot Poind* ings n certain Circumftiacci.

443 C. 74» Annp tricesiijno tertio ^?qrg, ii: IEI. A«PvY7>

the Bankruptcy, or within four Calendar Months thereafter, shall give a Preference to such Poinder, but that every other Creditor of the Bankrupt, having liquidated Grounds of Debt, or Decrees for Payment, and summoning such Poinder before the said four Months are elapsed, shall be entitled to a proportional Share of the Price of the Goods so poinded, efteiring to his Debt, deducting, always, the Expence of such Pointing, for gether with ten per Centum more on the said Price or appraised Value, which the Poinder shall retain to Account of his Debt, in Preference to the other Creditors, the said Debt being thereby so far diminished in the Competition with them: And providing also, that all Poindings after the four Months shall have fucll.Pre-ferenceas they were entitled to by former Law and Practice, {aving always the Landlord's Right of by-

pothec for Rents, or any other Hypothec known in Law, which shall be nowise hurt or impaired b1

ind repealed. Juoicial Sales of Estate*.

Purchasers may lodge Price* in the Bank, &c.

of Scotland

iUoh*Part onc> Chapter seventeen, intituled, An Act concerning the Sale of Bankrupt's Lands, required certain Forms

reciiuj, c of Publication and Citation, which in Practice have been found to be expensive and inconvenient; and

another Act of the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety-five. Chapter fix, intituled, Act regulating the Sale and Payment of Bankrupt's Estate, made it lawful for Purchasers of such Estates to consign the Price after a certain Time, in the Hands of the Magistrates and Town Council of Edinburgh, which Method has been found inconvenient, and has seldom been practised; and by an Ar- 4 tide in the Regulations of the Session established in the same Year, one thousand six hundred and ninety-

five, Section twenty-six, it was provided that the ranking of the Creditors should proceed and be concluded by Decree before the Sale of the Lands, which Regulation has generally been prejudicial to the Creditors ;1 be it enacted, That the said in Part recited Acts shall be, and the same are hereby in so far repealed; and the Court of Session shall have full Power to make Acts of Sederunt for abridging the Forms of Publication and Citation, and regulating the Proceedings in Processes of Sale, Ranking, and Division, whether at the Instance of Creditors or of apparent Heirs; and in every Case of a Sale under the Authority of the Court of Session, it shall be lawful to the Purchaser at any Term of Whitsunday or Martinmas subsequent to, the Term of Payment of the Price, to lodge the Price, with the Interest due upon it, in the Royal Bank or Bank of Scotland, at such Interest as can be procured for it, by doing which, and by giving Notice thereof to the Agent who carried on the Sale, he shall be discharged of the said Price; and further, the Court of Session, upon the Application of any of the Creditors, shall be impowered to make an Order on the Purchaser to lodge the Price and Interest at any of the said Terms, subsequent to the Term of Payment, in one or other of the said Banks, sufficient Intimation being always previously given both to the Purchaser and to the common Agent for the Creditors, that such Application is made, in order that all Parties may have an Opportunity to object; and in all Cases of judicial Sales, the Lands or other heritable Subjects may be brought to actual Sale fofoonas the necessary previous Steps are taken, whether the Ranking be concluded or not, unless the Court, upon Application of any Party concerned, shall find sufficient Cause to delay the Sale.

VIII. And whereas Doubts have arisen upon the Construction of an Act, made in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety, Chapter twenty, intituled. Act anent the Sale of Bankrupt's Lands, in so far as it (e- quires that the common Debtor be found Bankrupt, and utterly insolvent be it enacted, That a judicial Safe, at the Instance of Creditors, may in all Cases proceed where the Interest of the Debts and the other annual Burdens exceed the yearly Income of the Subjects under Sale, or where a Sequestration shall have taken place under this or any former Statute, without other Proof of Bankruptcy or Insolvency.

IX. And whereas by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year one thousand five hundred and forty. Chapter one hundred and six, concerning Charges Co enter Heir, and another Act in the Year one thousand six hundred and twenty-one, Chapter twenty-seven, concerning Apprisings against Heirs, it was ordained, that Charges against Heirs unentered, which were to be the foundation of apprising against their Preideceifors Lands, might proceed at the Instance of Creditors commanding them to enter within forty Days after the Charge, but it has been doubted whether the same or a longer Term is required when the Person charged is out of Scotland, and it is inexpedient that such Inducia should be of long Duration;' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inducta of a Charge to enter Heir shall in no Case exceed forty Days, whether the Person charged be within the Kingdom or out of it, and that after one such Charge, whether general or special, has been given at the Instance of any Creditor, every subsequent Charge, at the instance of the same, or of any other Creditor, may be upon the Inducia of twenty Days only, any Law or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And, in order to lessen the Number of Adjudications for Debt, and consequently the Expence to all Parties, and to facilitate the paripajju Preference of Creditors in similar Circumstances; be it enacted, That the Lord Ordinary officiating in the Court of Session, before whom the first Process of Adjudication against any Estate, for Payment or Security of Debt, is called, shall ordain Intimation thereof to be made in the Minute Book, and on the Wall, in order that any other Creditors of the common Debtor, who at the next calling of the Cause can shew, that although they have not executed their Summonses of Adjudication, they are in other Respects by the Nature of their Grounds of Debt, and Steps taken by them, in Condition to proceed in adjudging their Debtor's Estate, may produce the Instructions of their Debts, with Summonses of Adjudication, libelled and signeted, for the Purpose of their being conjoined in the Decree of Adjudication, twenty Sederunt Days being allowed for such Intimation, before the Cause can be called a second Time; and if any of these Forms shall happen to be omitted, the said Adjudications shall be null and void, without

Agcnf %r Faflof Prejudice to the Validity and Order of ranking of posterior Adjudications, according to the Rules of Law; may adjudge for and further, that when the Estate of a Debtor is brought into the Court of Session by a Ptocefs of judicial Sale

and

Sales may precede Ranking.

What Proof of Infohcncy ne-teflaryfor Sales,

Adjudications on Charges to enter Heir.

Different Creditors may bt joined in one Adjudication,

y

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgir III. ' C. 74. 449

and Ranking, and where no Sequestration under this Act, as herein after mentioned, shall have taken place, the Court shall have Power, by Regulations, to establish a Mode of adjudging, in Name of the common Agent or Factor, once or oftener, as Occasion may require, for Behoof of the Creditors whose Grounds of Debt or Interest are produced, and in the mean "l ime to flop Adjudications at the Instance of individual Creditors, unless the same be necessary in order to come within Year and Day of the first effectual Adjudication, or be found proper on any other Account, it being always understood that the whole Creditors conjoined in the same Decree of Adjudication shall be part pajju with one another, and that each Creditor shall have the sameL Benefit thereby as if he had adjudged for himself; and it shall be lawful for him to extract that Part of the Decree which concerns his own Debt, upon Payment of the ordinary Dues, without any Necessity of extracting the Whole.

XI. And, in order to fix more clearly in Time coming what Diligence is necessary to make an Adjudication effectual; be it enacted, That the presenting a Signature in Exchequer, when the holding is of the Crown, or the executing a general Charge of Horning against Superiors, at the Market Cross of Edinburgh, and Pier and Shore of Leith, when the holding is of a Subject, and recording an Abstract of the said Signature or the said Charge in the Register of Abbreviates of Adjudications, shall be held in ail Time coming as the proper Diligence so: the Purpose aforesaid.

XII. And whereas by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety-six, Chapter five, intituled, Act for declaring Notour Bankrupts, it is inter alia declared, That any Dif- positions or other Rights that shall be granted for hereafter for Relief or Security of Debts to be contracted for the future, shall be of no Force as to any such Debts that shall be found to be contracted after the Seifine or Infeftment following on the said Disposition or Rights: And whereas Ca{h Accounts or Credits granted by Banks or Bankers were not at that Time in use, but have since proved very beneficial to Commerce: And whereas it would tend not only to the further Benefit of Commerce, but al(b of Agriculture and Manufac- tures, if Part of the before-recited Act were repealed, so far as to make it lawful for Persons possessed of Lands and other heritable Property to grant Security thereon by Infeftment for the Payment of Cash Accounts or Credits to be granted to them :* Therefore be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons possessed of Lands, or other heritable Subjects, and desiring to pledge the same ip Security of Cash Accounts or Credits, to grant Securities upon their said Lands or other heritable Estate, containing Procuratory of Resignation and Precept of Seifine for infefting any Bank or Bankers, or other Persons, who shall agree to give them such Cash Accounts or Credits, provided the Principal and Interest, which may become due upon the said Cash Accounts or Credits, shall be limited to a certain definite Sum, to be specified in the Security: And it is hereby declared, That it shall and may be lawful to the Person to whom the said Cash Account or Credit is granted, to operate upon the same, by drawing out and paying in such Sums from Time to Time as the Parties shall settle between themselves, and that the Seifines or lnfeftments taken upon the said heritable Securities shall be equally valid and effectual as if the whole Sums advanced upon the said Credit had been paid prior to the Date of the Seifine or Infeftment taken thereon, and that any such heritable Security shall remain and subsist to the Extent of the Sum limited, or any lesser Sum, until the Cash Account or Credit is finally closed, and the Balance paid up and discharged, and the Seifine or Infeftment renounced, and such Part of the foresaid in Part recited Act of the Scots Parliament one thousand six hundred and ninety-six, in so far as it is derogatory hereto, is hereby repealed.

XIII. And whereas it is for the Interest of Commerce, that the Estates of those concerned in Trade apd Manufactures, when they are unable to answer the Demands upon them, should be disposed of and distri- buted among their Creditors in the mod expeditious Manner, without abiding the ordinary Forms of Law \ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, being a Merchant or Trader in Gross or by Retail, or a Banker, Broker, or Underwriter, or a Manufacturer, Artificer, or Mechanic, and in general any Person who either for himself, or as Agent or Factor for others, leeks his Living by buying and selling, or by the Workmanship of Goods or Commodities, or by any other of the foregoing Occupations, or holds a Share in any such Undertaking, (excepting always Holders of India Stock, or Stock in any of the Banks established by publick Authority, or in the Friendly Insurance Company at Edinburgh against Fire, the Forth and Clyde Navigation, or other inland Navigation Companies, or the British Fisheries, common Labourers or Workmen for Hire, Landholders and Tenants of Land, or Husbandmen, if such Persons be not otherwise, bona fide, under one or other of the foregoing Descriptions,) shall be under Diligence by Horning and Caption for Debt, and shall either, in virtue thereof, be imprisoned, or retire to a Sanctuary, or fly or abscond for his personal Safety, or defend his Person

by Force, or being out of Scotland, or not liable to be imprisoned by reason of Privilege or personal Protection, shall be under Diligence by Charge of Horning attended with Arrestment not looted or discharged within fifteen Days, or Poinding of any Part of his Moveables, or Decree of Adjudication of any Part of his Estate for Payment or Security of Debt at the Instance of any Creditor, it shall be lawful to any Creditor of the said Person, whole Debt shall amount to the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling, or any two Creditors whose Debts shall amount to the Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, or any three or more Creditors whose Debts amount to the Sum of two hundred Pounds Sterling or up wards, whether such Debts are liquidated by formal Voucheis, or stand upon open Account, at any Time within four Calendar Months of the last Step of the said Diligence, to apply, by summary Petition, to the Court of Session for a Sequel! ration of the said Debtor's Estate, heritable and moveable, real and personal, and upon Production of the Grounds of Debt, or a certified Copy of the Account, and a Deposition by the Creditor or Creditors, at whose Instance the Application is made, taken by any Judge Ordinary, or Justice of the Peace, to the Verity of the Debt or

Creditors pending a judicial Sale.

Wb*t Diligence necesstry to make effectual Adjudications.

Part of the Act

1696 repealed^ ape Securities for Carti Account s or Cre. dit» may be granted.

Estatei of Merchants, Manufacturers, &c. if Bankrup1, may be fctpxcftiaied.

if certain Diligence be done.

ppon Petition for Cifdiiors whose Debts ajc ot a certain Extent, and Production of Oaths.

45°

P* bfor to bt cited.

Court to 6k Meetings Tor Choice of Factor and Trustee;

*hi<h fere to be aJveitilV4, otherwise void*

Court to grant Commission to a Magistrate to attend tirlt Meeting.

Questions there, how to be determined.

Sheriff may lock of Shop, &c. alter Sequeflra-tk o.

Pouers and Duty of l-astor, Jbc.

A Merchant,' A'c may *»ppl/ for Srqueflia-lion, with Cor -sent of Creditor to a certain ixtenr.

C. 74. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Debts, and also that they believe the Party against whom the Application is made to be a Merchant, or other* wise within one or other of the Descriptions, and not within the Exceptions aforesaid, the Court shall grant Warrant for citing the said Debtor, determined by delivering to him personally, or by leaving at his Dwelling House,a Copy of the said Petition, or, if the said Debtor is out of Scotland, by affixing Copies upon the Market Cross of Edinburgh, Pier and Shore of Leith, and also leaving a Copy at the Dwelling House or House of Business in Scotland VaR occupied by such Debtor, to appear in Court within the Time foecified in the Warrant of Citation, not being lei's than fix nor more than forty Days from the Date of the Citation, to shew Cause why Sequestration should not be awarded; and at the Time of granting such Warrant of Citation, the Court shall likewise, if desired, grant the usual Authority, at the Instance of the Petitioners, for recovering written Evidence of the said Diligence, and upon Production of such Evidence at the Diet of Appearance, if the Debtor shall not appear either in Person or by his Counsel or A gent, or so appearing shall not instantly pay or produce written Evidence of the Debt or Debts being satisfiedupon which the Diligence proceeded, and also pay or satisfy the Debt or Debts due to the Petitioner or Petitioners, or shew other reasonable Cause why further Proceedings should not be had, the Court shall immediately award Secruestration of the said Debtor's whole Estate and Effects, heritable and moveable, real and personal, for the Benefit of his whole just and lawful Creditors.

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Court shall, by the same Deliverance which awards the Sequestration, make an Order upon the Creditors to meet upon a certain Day and Hour, being not more than three Weeks from that Date, and as much sooner as Circumstances may permit, in order to name an interim Factor, if they think fit to appoint one, or failing their doing so, to devolve the interim Care and Custody of the Effects upon the Sheriff Clerk; and the Court shall, by the same Deliverance, make an Order upon the Creditors to meet upon a certain Day and Hour, being not more than six Weeks and not Icfs than four Weeks from that Date, for the Purpose of naming aTrustee, in whose Person the said Estate shall be veiled, as herein after mentioned, the said Meetings to be at a convenient Place, either where the Bankrupt resides, or where his Business is or was latt carried on, or as near it as possible, the Place being also specified, which Deliverance the petitioning Creditor or Creditors shall forthwith cause to be advertised in a Paper to be called The Edinburgh Gazette, to be printed and published by such Person or Persons as his Majesty, under his Royal Sign Manual, shall from Time to Time think fit to appoint, and on such Day or Days as the Court of Session shall by an Act of Sederunt direct and judge most proper for the more effectually carrying this Act into Execution, (which Gazette shall, besides Advertisements or Notices, publish only such Articles of News or other Articles of Intelligence as may appear from Time to Time in the London Gazette^ together wdth the Com and Sugar Returns,) otherwise the whole Proceedings to be null and void; and the Court shall at the same Time grant Commission to any resident Magistrate of the Burgh, or to the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the County where the Meeting is to be held, or, failing them, any Justice of the Peace of the County, to attend the said first Meeting of Creditors, and to receive their Grounds of Debt, with the Oaths of Verity thereon, after-mentioned, and to sign the Minutes of the Creditors, along with the Prefes chosen by them; and all Questions at this Meeting shall be determined by a Majority of the Creditors in Value or Extent of Debt appearing at the said Meeting by themselves, or others authorized by them, and whose Grounds of Debt and Oaths thereon are so produced; and it shall be in the Power of the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, upon Cause shewn by any of the Creditors, at any Time after the Sequestration, and before the Meeting for the Choice of the Factor, to seal up and cause to be put under safe Custody the Books and Papers of the Bankrupt, and to lock up his or her Shop, Warehouse, or other Repositories, and to keep the Keys thereof till a Factor is named, or the Custody and Care devolved upon the Sheriff Clerk, subject in the mean Time to such Orders and Directions as either the Court of Session or the Sheriff may think proper to give, on the Application of any Party concerned, for Preservation of the Effects.

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Factor or Sheriff Clerk, chosen as Interim Manager, shall be entitled to take Possession of the Bankrupt's whole Estate and Effects, and of the Bills, Notes, and whole other Vouchers, Title Deeds, and Instructions of his Estate, and also of his Books and Papers, and the Bankrupt shall, if required by him, or by the Creditors at said Meeting, grant Powers of Attorney, or other Deeds, which may be deemed necessary or proper for the Recovery of the Estate and Effects situated in Foreign Parts, tinder the Pain of fraudulent Bankruptcy, and of being deprived of all Benefit from this Statute: and the Factor, if required, shall find Security for his Intromissions to such Extent as jbe said Majority shall think reasonable, he, or failing him the Sheriff Clerk, being always entitled to a Gratification for Tiouble, to be fixed by a Majority of the Creditors in Value assembled at any General Meeting, subject to the Modification of the Court of oession; and the said Factor or Sheriff Clerk shall engfofs the Minutes of the Meeting at which he is appointed in a Book of Sederunt^properly authenticated, which shall be kept by him as his Warrant for acting; and the principal Minutes or the said Meeting, being signed by the Commissioner, by the Prefes of the Meeting, and by the said Interim Manager, shall be transmitted by the Commissioner to the Clerk of the Sequestration, to be kept among the Records of the Court of Session.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Merchant or other Person described as above, and not within the Exceptions, whether Diligence has been executed against him or not, shall make a joint Application to the Court of Session along with any Creditor whose Debt shall amount to the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling, or any two Creditors whose Debts shall amount to the Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, or any three or more Creditors whose Debts shall amount to the Sum of two hundred Pounds Sterling, or upwards, whether such Debts be liquidated or Hand upon open Account, and Oath being made as above to the Verity of these Debts, and the Parties or their Agent also making Oath, to their Knowledge or Belief, of the Debtor's being within one or other of the Descriptions, and not within the Exceptions

c.

45*

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 74.

aforesaid, the Court is hereby authorized and required to award Sequestration of the Debtor's Estate, heritable and moveable, real and personal, and the Procedure shall go of as before directed.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Sequestration shall be awarded against any Person having an Estate or Effects in Scotland, who at the Time of the Application does not either reside, or has a Dwelling House or House of Business, there, or at least had such Residence or Dwelling House or House of Business, within a Year previous to the Application, unless the Debtor himself, or those acting for him, concur in the Application.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Estates of all Copartnerships carrying on Business under any of the Denominations or Descriptions above set forth, and not within the Exceptions, maybe sequestrated upon the Application either of those entitled to act for them, with Content of any Creditor of such Partnership whose Debt amounts to the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling, or any two Creditors whole Debts amount to the Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, or any three or more Creditors whose Debts amount to the Sum of two hundred Pounds Sterling or upwards, or at the Application of such Creditor or Creditors themselves, whose Debts are to the Amount already mentioned, in which last Case it must appear that Diligence has been done against one or more of the Partners for Payment of a Partnership Debt in the same Way and Manner as is before required to found an Application against: Individuals, and in either Case the Procedure hereby directed with regard to individual Debtors shall be followed out, and it shall be sufficient to cite the Partnership, by leaving a Copy at the House or Shop where their Business is or was carried on, or where any of their acting Partners reside; and if the said Houses and Shop be (hut up or deserted by them, a Copy shall also be affixed at the Market Cross of Edinburgh, and Pier and Shore of Leith.

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Party applying for the Sequestration, whether the Creditor or Creditors alone, or the Bankrupt, with Concurrence of a Creditor or Creditors, shall cause the Petition of Sequestration, and the first Deliverance thereon, to be recorded in the general Register of Inhibitions, within fifteen Days after the said Deliverance is pronounced, and the same shall, from the Date of the Deliverance, be held equivalent to an Inhibition against the Debtor for Behoof of the whole Creditors, in case the Sequestration is finally awarded, but the Proceedings shall be of no Effeift if such Registration be omitted; and it shall not be in the Power of the Bankrupt, after Sequestration is awarded, to stop Proceedings by paying off the Debt on which the Diligence and Petition did proceed; and in case of any undue Conduct or Neglect in these Particulars, or with Regard to publishing the Advertisements before directed,

i whereby other Creditors may sustain a Loss, the petitioning Creditor or Creditors, and those acting for them,

shall be liable in all Damages arising from such undue Conduct or Omission: Providing always. That if the Debtor against whom Sequestration has been awarded without his own Concurrence, or if any Creditor, who has not concurred in or consented to the Application, shall apprehend that the Party against whom it is

: awarded does not come within the Description before given, or falls under any of the Exceptions therefrom,

[ or that there is any other good Ground for recalling the Sequestration, and annulling the whole Proceedings,

such Debtor or Creditor shall be at Liberty, at any Time within thirty Days after Sequestration is awarded, to apply to the Court of Session, setting forth the Grounds upon which the Sequestration ought to be recalled, and this Petition being intimated to the Party or Parties at whose Instance the Sequestration was obtained, or their known Agent, and a reasonable Time given to make Answers thereto, and to adduce the necessary Proofs on either Side, the Court shall determine upon the same, and either recall or confirm the Sequestration, as the Justice of the Case may require, but in the mean Time, until this Matter is finally determined, the Proceedings under the Sequestration shall go on as if no such Application had been made.

XX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the General Meeting for choosing aTrustee, the said Interim Manager shall exhibit the Book of Sederunt containing the Minute of his Appointment, together with a State of his Intromissions, and the Books and Papers in his Possession, which State shall be ingrossed in the said Book of Sederunt, and the Majority of Creditors in Value or Extent of Debt present at this Meeting shall determine who is to be Trustee \ but no Creditor shall be entitled to a Vote at this or any future Meeting, who has not, either then or formerly, exhibited not only an Oath of Verity on his Debt, but also the Grounds or Vouchers thereof, and got the same marked or entered in the Book of Sederunt; and at the said or any other Meeting it shall be lawful for Agents or Attornies having Commissions, either general or special, from any of the Creditors, to appear and vote in all Matters wherein their Constituents themselves, if present, might have voted; and the Creditors may choose two or more Trustees to act in Succession, one failing another by Death, Resignation, or Removal, but only one Trustee shall act at a Time; and in no Case shall it be competent to the Creditors to appoint as Trustee, either the Bankrupt himself, or any Person who, with respeef to him, is by the Law of Scotland held to be conjunct or confident.

XXI. And be it enacted, That at the said Meeting the Bankrupt shall exhibit, or cause to be exhibited, a State of his Affairs, specifying the whole Estate and Effects, heritable and moveable, real and personal, where-soever situated, belonging to him, and Debts due to him, including any Estate in Expectancy, which he may have an eventual Right to, by Contract of Marriage, Entail,' or otherwise, and specifying also the Debts due by him, or Demands upon him, so far as they are known to him, and also a Rental of his Lands, and an Inventory or Lift of his Books, Papers, Accounts, Bills, Notes, and Title Deeds, or other Documents of his Estate, which State, Rental, and Inventory shall be ingrossed in the Sederunt Book, the same being duly authenticated by the Prefes of the Meeting, who shall deliver the said Book of Sederunt, and the Title Deeds of the heritable Estate, to the Trustee so named, and shall deliver the other Papers to the Interim Manager aforesaid, to be kept by him until the same are duly taken off his Hands by the Trustee, upon being discharged of his

No S^questra-lion against a Non-residenr ii Scotlnd with, out his Concurrence,

Ei:a>rs of P-^rt-nsr'hip may be sequestraied.

Petition for Sequestration to be registered as an Inhibition, otherwise Proceedings void.

Sequefirationt erroneously awarded, how to be recalled.

Procedure at the Meeting for the Choice of Trustee

Bankrupt to exhibit a State of his Affairs.

Interim Manager to be exo* nerated.

45 2

Trustee, on finding Security, to be confirmed by ti c Court j

and entitled to Coiwnifiion.

Estate vested in Trustee by Disposition, by virtue of this AO,

by Decreet of

Adjudication of the Court.

Entailed Property how far vefied.

Adjudication to be sequestered.

Effects of Adjudication.

Feudal Titlei iway be completed on it. Succeeding Trustee how to be vetted,

Superior to receive Trustee as a Yafial. Heatable Hf-tafe afterwards discovered, how to be vetted. Estates to tahich

C. 74. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

his Intromissions, and satisfied of all Demands which he has against the Estate for Advances of Money, Commission, or Trouble.

XXII. And be it enacted, That so soon as the said Trustee shall have declared his Atfceptancfe, and found

Security for his Intromissions and faithful Management to the Extent required by the Majority oftbeCredi-tors in Value at the aforesaid Meeting, the Minutes of the said Meeting shall be reported to the Court of Session by the Trustee, a Copy of them being previously entered in the Sederunt Book, and if no good Objection is made to the Trustee, his Nomination shall be confirmed, and he shall then have a Right to call for, and take into his Custody, all Books, Accounts, Vouchers of Debt, Securities, and other Papers and Documents relative to the Estate, or to the Affairs of the Bankrupt, and to account with and discharge the interim Manager, and likewise to take such legal Steps as may be effectual for recovering the Possession of the, Estate and Effects, wherever situated, he being always entitled to a reasonable Allowance or Commission for his Trouble, to be fixed by the Commissioners herein after mentioned, previous to each Dividend. b.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Nomination of the Trustee being thus ref ported and approved of, the Court shall, at the same Time, ordain the Bankrupt to execute and deliver, within a certain reasonable Time to be specified in the Interlocutor, a Disposition or other proper Deed or Deeds of Conveyance or Assignment, making over to the said Trustee or Trustees, in their Order, his whole Estate and Effects, heritable and moveable, real and personal, wherever situated, and which shall specially describe and convey the Premises, so far as they are known, or so far as the Trustees shall think it necessary, and be id such Form and Style as may effectually vest the Right in him, with full Powers of Recovery and Sale, for Behoof of the Creditors; and if the Bankrupt shall, without reasonable Cause, neglect or refuse to obey such Order, the Court may punish him by Imprisonment; and in all Events, whether such Deed or Deeds be executed or not, it is hereby statuted and declared, that the said whole Estate and Effects, of whatever Kind, and wherever situated, (in so far as may be consistent with the Laws of other Countries, when the Effedh are out of Scotland\) shall be deemed and held to be vested in the said Trustee, or Trustees in Succession, for Behoof of the Creditors, and the Court shall, in the Act or Order above mentioned, declare every Right, Title, and Interest, which was formerly in the Bankrupt, to be now in the Trustee for the Purposes aforesaid, and particularly shall adjudge, decern, and declare the whole Lands and other heritable Estate belonging to the Bankrupt within the Jurisdiction of the Court, and which, as far as known, shall be specially enumerated and described, to pertain and belong to the Trustee, or Trustees in Succession, absolutely and irredeemably, to the End that the same may be fold, levied, and recovered, and converted into Money for Payment of the Credit tors, which Adjudication, being of the Nature of an Adjudication in Implement, as well as for Payment, or Security of Debt, shall be subject: to no legal Reversion: Declaring always. That if any Part of the Bankrupts Property happens to be entailed, or otherwise of a limited Nature, the Conveyance to be executed by him, or the Decree of Adjudication to be obtained by the Trustee, shall only be understood to carry that Right and Interest in the Estate which the Bankrupt himself has, and can fafeiy convey, and which his Creditors can validly attach.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustee shall cause an Abbreviate of the Act or Order aforesaid, adjudging the Estate of the Bankrupt, to be recorded, within fifteen Days of the Date thereof, in the Register of Abbreviates of Adjudications, in the same Manner and to the lame EffedI that Abbreviates of Adjudications must be recorded; and this being done, the Trustee shall be entitled, for Behoof of the whole Creditors, to rank in the same Manner upon the heritable Estate as if it had been a' common Decree of Adjudication obtained and rendered effectual at the Date of the first Deliverance on the Petition for Sequestration, accumulating the whole Debts of the Bankrupt, Principal and Interest, as at that Period, and adjudging for Security or Payment thereof, and it shall further operate as a complete Attachment and Transfer of the moveable or personal Estate for Behoof of all the Creditors, at the Date of the first Deliverance aforesaid, and the said Disposition, Adjudication, or Transfer shall not be reducible upon any Ground of Law, nor struck at by any prior Inhibition, saving always the Effect which such Inhibition may be entitled to against Contra&ions of Debt by the Bankrupt posterior to the Inhibition; and provided always, that the said Disposition or Adjudication of the heritable Estate by the Act or Order of the Court, or the Adjudication before-mentioned, which the Court may direct in Name of the common Agent or Factor, during the Dependence of a judicial Sale, shall have no Effect upon any Question of Succession between the Heir and Executor of the Creditor.

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the said Disposition orl)ecree of Adjudication, the feudal Titles requisite by the Law of Scotland to vest heritable Property shall and may be made up, either in the Person of the Trustee, or in the Person of the Purchaser from him, in virtue of such Trustee's Conveyance, agreeably to the f orms of the Law of Scotland\ and each Trustee succeeding a prior Trustee through Death. Resignation, or Removal (unless substituted at the first Nomination, in which Case no other Form is necessary) shall be vested in the Right, either by Disposition from the former Trustee, or by Adjudication obtained by the new Trustee, on a summary Application to the Court of Session as before, and the Superior shall, if required, be obliged to enter the Trustee or Trustees, or Purchaser, in the same Manner as he is directed by an Act made in the twentieth Year of his late Majesty's Reign for abolishing Ward-holdings; and if the Trustee shall afterwards discover any other heritable Estate belonging to the Bankrupt, and which belonged to him at the Date of the first Deliverance aforesaid, the same shall be adjudged in Manner before directed, and to the same Effect; and in case the Bankrupt's own Titles to any Part of the Estate^heritable Of moveable, real or personal, which belonged to him at that Period, or to

which

A. ]jjL 17-9$*. An*io tricesirao tertio Georgii III. C. 74. 453

whiqhfiehad then fqcceeded a6 apparent Heir,n^reftinKin, or other^vise, taany Predecqflbr, have not been so completed as to-.v€;ft the Right properly inhinMhp Trustee ih«dl tt\ke the^ most safe and eligible Method of; completing the Bankrupt's*Title in fitch-Way. and Manner as the Law requires* which Title shall accrefce to that already acquired by the Trustee in the same Way as if it had been completed prior to the Disposition by the Bankrupt, or Adjudication against hiqb. declaring th^t the Rules of Preference or Racking between the Creditors of the Anceftpr and those of the Heir by the Law of Scotland are. not meant; to be altered by any Thingcontained in this ACV.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within eight Days after the Appointment of the Trustee is confirmed by the Court of Session, he shall apply to the Sheriff of the County where the Debtor reftdes, or where his Business was carried on, who is hereby authorised and required to name one Day^being not less than fourteen Days nor more than three Weeks from the Date of the Application, and another Day, being not less than fourteen Days nor more than three Weeks after the first Day so named, for the publick Examination of the Bankrupt upon the State of his- Affairs, and all Circumstances relative thereto, in the Sheriff Court House of the District, or such other place as the Sheriff shall think proper to appoint, a Fee of one Guinea each Sitting being allowed to the Sheriff Depute or Substitute who officiates; apd the Trpftce may also, if he finds it necessary for the Purpose of obtaining a full Discovery of the Bankrupt's Estate and Effects, iqfift for an Examination of his Wife and others of his Family, or connected with his Bufmefb upon all proper Interrogatories, which Examinations are to be taken upon Oath (if required) before the Sheriff, at one or other of the said Diets, or upon any intermediate Day; and after the said Diets, are fixed, the Trustee shall immediately publishan Advertisement in the Newspaper before mentioned, intimating to the Creditors his Appointment as Trustee on the Bankrupt Estate, the two Days fixed for the Examination of the Bankrupt, and that on the first lawful Day immediately succeeding the last of theie Exa-\ ruinations, a Meeting of the Creditors is to be held at the same Place for instructing the Trustee as to the Management and Recovery of the Estate, and requiring the Creditors to produce, in the Trustee's Hands,

their Claims and Vouchers or Grounds of Debt, with their Oaths on the Verity thereof, at or previous to

the said Meeting, if not already produced, and farther intimating, that unless the said Productions are made between, and a certain Day specified in the Advertisement, being ten Months after the Date of the first Deliverance on the Petition for Sequestration, the Party neglecting shall have no Share in the first Distribution of the \ Debtor's Estate; and the Sheriff Depute or Substitute shall, if necessary, issue his Warrant for apprehending

the Bankrupt, or any of his Family, or others connected with his Business, who are to be examined, within his Jurisdiction, in older to force their Appearance at the Diets of Examination, or if they be without his

Jurisdiction, the Court of Session shall, on the Application of the Trustee, grant such Warrant for apprehending and bringing them before the Judge who is to take the Examination as aforesaid; and if any of these Persons shall happen to be indisposed, or otherwise unable to attend at that Time in the Place appointed for Examination, the Court of Session, or the Sheriff, may give the necessary Directions for examining them I elsewhere, and it shall be competent for the Trustee to apply at any Time for re-examining them, upon due

Advertisement given in Manner foresaid; and the Court of Session shall likewise, in case it be necessary, grant a personal Protection to the Bankrupt, at the Application of the Trustee, for such Time as may be t requisite for enabling him to attend the Diets of Examination, or may grant Warrant to Messengers at Arms,

or other Officers of the Law, to bring his Person out of Prison, in order to attend such Meetings, and thereafter to carry him back to Prison,

XXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the said Examinations the Bankrupt shall be allowed to make such Additions to or Alterations upon the State of his Affairs exhibited at the Meeting j when the Trustee was chosen, as have occurred to him iince the said Meeting, and are necessary to be set

forth to give a perfectc View of his Affairs, and the said Additions and Alterations shall also be engrossed in the Book of Sederunt, with the whole Examinations of the Bankrupt, and subscribed by the Judge Exa-minator and by the Bankrupt, and likewise by the Trustee; and at the last of the two Diets appointed for his Examination, the Bankrupt shall take and subscribe the following Oath:

the Bankrupt has not made up Titlet, how to be vested.

Sheriff to fix

two Dicta for the Examination

of the Bankrupt*

and other;*

Trustee to ad« vertife Diete, &c.

Warrant may be granted to bring the Bankrupt to be examined.

Trustee may at any Time examine,

and may get the Bankrupt protected t^ll examined.

Procedure in Examination!*

8

it

TDo, in the Presence of Almighty God, and as I shall answer to God at the great Day of Judg?ment, panIcro solemnly jw ear, that the Slate of my Affairs, engrossed in this Book, contains a full and true Account of all Oath!0P

w the Debts of whatevtr Nature due to me, and of all my Estate and Effects, heritable and moveable, real or personal (the necessary wearing Apparel of myself \ my Wife, and Family excepted), as well as of all Claims u which lam entitled to make agabijl any Person or Persons whatsoever, and of all Estate in Exfefdancy, or Means 14 of whatever Kind, which / have an eventual Right to by Contract of Marriage, Deed of Entail, or otherwise, to the be ft of my Knowledge; and that the said State likewise contains a full and true Account of all Debts due by me, or Demands upon me, so far as I knoiv or can remember; and that I have delivered up the whole Books,

" Documents, Accounts, and Papers of every Kind belonging to me, which in any Way relate to my Affairs, and which were in my Possession or under my Power, and have made a full Disclosure of every Particular relating to my Affairs; and further I /wear, that I fallforthivith reveal all and every other Circumstance or Particular relative to ?tiy Affairs, or which may tend to increase or duninish my Estate, or An which my Cre-44* ditors may be interested directly or indirectly, which may at any Time hereafter come to my Knowledge.

So help me GOD.

And if the Person thus called upon is a Copartner with others, and examined respecting the Partnership Affairs, the Words of the said Oath shall only be varied by the Judge as to make it applicable to the Case; which Oath being annexed to the Proceedings in the Book of Sederunt, shall also be subscribed by tftc Sheriff

454-

Affirmation of Quakers n be admitted.

Penalties on fraudulent Bankrupt*.

M- eting to give Directlions :Uour th: Peto. \ei y oltl c

Eli -IJ,

?n*i to choose C >nunii)ioners.

Seqncftr2ted Fun.l how to be divided.

Payments, &c. of the Bankrupt alter the fiill Deliverance void.

Bona fide

Transactiona

saved.

Estates devolving on the Jl nkruj t afier St questiaiion.

ArrrAments ann Privib ges within 6o ‘‘ays of Sequestration void.

Trustee to proceed co Recovery of the Estate 5 and to call occasional Mietings, it aquired.

Heritable Pr -peity of Cank -i.ip's, hw to be dialed or.

C. 74. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1^93

Depute or Substitute; and if the Bankrupt be one of the People called $hiakers9 it shall be sufficient to take ' his solemn Affirmation upon the Matters contained in the said Oath, knd likewise in all other Cases where an Oath is required by this Statute; and all Persons convicted of taking the above Oath or Affirmation falsely shall be held as guilty of Perjury, and of fraudulent Bankruptcy, and punished accordingly, and for ever rendered incapable of holding any Office of publick Trust or Emolument,; declaring also, that if the Bankrupt shall wilfully fail to exhibit a fair State of his Affairs, or to make Oath in the Terms above specified, or to make a complete Surrender, he shall be considered as a fraudulent Bankrupt, and punished accordingly, and rendered ever after incapable of holding any Office of publick Trust or Emolument, and in either Case shall forfeit every Benefit or Privilege arising from this present Act, and be accounted infamous and incapable of giving Evidence in any Court of Justice, or of fitting or acting on any Assize or Jury.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Creditors assembled upon the first lawful Day after the last Examination of the Bankrupt shall give Directions to the Trustee for the Recovery and Disposal of the Bankrupt's Estate, and the Trustee shall be obliged to follow the Directions and Rules preferred by a Majority in Value of the Creditors assembled at this Meeting, or at any After-Meeting called for the Purpose as after directed, and at the said Meeting immediately after the last Examination, the Majority in Value of Creditors present shall also name any three of the Creditors as Commissioners for the Purpose of auditing the Trustee's Accounts, settling his Commission, concurring with him in Submissions and Compromiles, and giving their Advice and Assistance to him in any other Matters, as herein after mentioned, subject always to the Controul of General Meetings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the whole Estate and Effects, of what ever Kind, belonging to the Bankrupt at the Period of the Sequestration, or the Produce thereof, after paying all Charges, shall be a Fund of Division among those who were his Creditors prior to the Date of the first Deliverance aforesaid, and none else, Regard being had to Preferences obtained by Securities, or by Diligence, before the said Deliverance, and not expressly set aside by this Act, but to no other Claims of Preference;, and all Payments made by the Debtor to any of his Creditors after the Date aforesaid shall be void and ineffectual to the Receivers in the Event of a Sequestration taking place, and the Trustee shall be entitled to recover the Money so paid as Part of the Bankrupt's Estate; and all Transactions of the Bankrupt subsequent to the said Date, from which any Prejudice may arise to the Creditors, shall be null and void; declaring always, that nothing herein contained shall oblige a bona fide Purchaser of any Part of the moveable Effects from the Bankrupt, while in actual Possession, and for a Price truly paid, to restore the Effects so purchased, nor the Debtor of a Bankrupt who has paid his Debt to him, bona fide, before he knew of the Bankruptcy, to pay it a second Time to the Trustee.

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if posterior to the Sequestration any Estate-or Effects shall devolve upon the Bankrupt, either in the Way of Succession or otherwise, he shall be obliged, immediately when such Event happens, to make a full Discovery thereof to the Trustee, and shall at all Times, when required by the Trustee, declare upon Oath before the Judge Ordinary, or any Magistrate or Justice of Peace, whether any such Estate or Effects have come to or devolved upon him, in order that the T1 uftee may have an Opportunity of taking such Steps as are necessary or proper for the Interest of his Constituents, and the Trustee shall likewise give Notice thereof to the Creditors, either at the next General Meeting, or by advertising a Meeting for the Purpose.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Arrestment of the Bankrupt's Effects used at any Time within sixty Days before the Date of the first Deliverance on the Petition for Sequestration shall give a Preference to the arresting Creditor in the Event of Sequestration taking place, but that in every such Case the Eftedls arrested shall be made forthcoming to the Trustee; and in case they have been actually recovered by the arresting Creditor, the Trustee shall nevertheless be entitled to demand and receive the lame from him as Part of the Fund of Division, in the same Way as if the Arrestment had been used for the Creditors at large; and in-like Manner no Poinding of a Debtor's Effects, not completely executed sixty Days at least before such Deliverance, shall give any Right or Preference to the Poinder In the Event of Sequestration taking place, but the Poinder shall be obliged to deliver to the Interim Manager or Trustee the Goods poinded, if not sold or disposed of, when he is required so to do; and in case they are then sold or disposed of, he shall pay or cause to be paid to the Trustee the whole nett Price of the Goods poinded, and which shall make Part of the Fund to be distributed among the Creditors: Provided always, that all Arresters and Poinders, who shall be deprived of the Benefit of their respective Diligences in consequence of a Sequestration, shall be entitled to demand or retain the Expence bona fide laid out by them in prosecuting such Diligences, with ten Pounds per Centum more on the Price or appraised Value, as before directed.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustee shall proceed to recover and convert into Money, in the I'peedicft and most effectual Manner, the whole Estate under his Management or Power* whether at Home or in foreign Parts, in order that the same may be distributed among the Creditors, and he shall, if required at any Time by one-fourth of the Creditors in Value, who have produced and proved their Claims, be obliged to call a General Meeting, or he himself may, on any Emergency, call such Meeting, sufficient previous Intimation of every occasional Meeting, and the Purpose of calling it, being always given by Advertisement in the Newspaper before mentioned a Fortnight at least before the Meeting; and all Resolutions of the Creditors at their General Meetings shall be final and conclusive, unless objected to and complained of by a Petition to the Court of Session within thirty Days after the Meeting.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Part of the sequestrated Estate confitts of Land or other heritable Subjects, it shall be optional to a Majority of Creditors in Value to determine.

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 74.

mine, at the Meeting aforesaid held after the last Examination of the Bankrupt, or any other Meeting advertised for the Purpose, whether the Trustee is to bring the said heritable Estate to judicial Sale before the Court of Session, or to dispose thereof by voluntary publick Sale; and if the latter Mode is adopted, the Sale made after such Advertisement, and at such Upset Price,1 and upon such Articles and Conditions as shall be fixed by the Trustee, with the Consent of a Majority of the said Commissioners, shall be valid and effectual, with and under the Burden of all real Securities or other Liens upon the Estate, in so far as the same are preferable to the Disposition or Decree veiling the said Estate in the Trustee, but which Burden shall go no farther than to the Extent of the Price; and the Purchaser fharil have no Concern with the Application of the Price after Satisfaction of the preferable Securities aforesaid; and if a Majority of Creditors in Value determine for a judicial Sale, the Trustee shall be obliged forthwith to proceed in the same, and shall be entitled to carry it on as to a Part of the Estate, without including the Whole, and without any other Proof of Bankruptcy than the Act of Sequestration, and it shall be enough to call the Bankrupt himself, and his real Creditors in Possession upon a Citation of fifteen Days, whether they are within the Kingdom or not, and the ediClal Citations shall be dispensed with: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall bar the Right which any real Creditor may have by the Law, as it (lands at present, to bring his Debtor's Estate to a judicial Sale at his own Instance, unless such Sale has been previously brought at the Instance of the Trustee, or unless a Majority of the Creditors in Value shall have previously determined upon a voluntary Sale; and in the Event of the Estate being sold by judicial Sale, the Balance of the Price, if there be any, after satisfying the preferable Securities aferefaiid^ shall be paid into the Hands of the Trustee, as a Part of the Fund of Division to be made by him among the Creditors in general, the Purchaser being always entitled, upon making full Payment of the Price, whether the Lands have been fold in the one Way or in the other, to a Discharge from the Trustee, which shall have the Effect completely to disincumber the Subject acquired; and further, the Creditors shall be entitled to draw their Shares of the Price, in virtue of the Disposition and Adjudication before mentioned, without the Necessity of any other Adjudication; and no other Adjudication led or made effectual after the Date of the first Deliverance aforesaid, shall have any Effect in Competition with the Right of the Creditors under the Sequestration.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustee shall be obliged to lodge all Money he receives in such Bank, or with such Banking Company, as Four-fifths of the Creditors in Number and Value at any General Meeting shall appoint, and failing such Appointment in the Royal Bank, or Bank of Scotland, at such Interest as can be procured for the same, and never to retain in his own Hands above the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling for the Space of ten Days, otherwise to be liable to the Creditors for seven and a half per Centum per Annu?n, on whatever exceeds the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling, in the Name of Interest and Damages.

XXXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustee shall mark the Claims of the several Creditors, and their Vouchers, or Grounds of Debt, with the Oaths of Verity, and make a Minute or Entry thereof, and of the Date of Production, in the Book of Sederunt, but he shall return the Vouchers or Grounds of Debt, if desired, to the Claimant, or his Agent, and he shall be obliged to keep a regular Book of Accounts with the Bankrupt's Estate, and to make the same Patent at all Times to any of the Creditors, or their Agents, or to any of the Commissioners, who desire to see the same; and within ten Days after the Expiration of ten Calendar Months from the Date of the first Deliverance on the Petition for Sequestration, the Commissioners, or a Majority of them, shall audite the Trustee's Accounts, and by a Minute under their Hands, in the Book of Sederunt, shall ascertain the Sum to be allowed the Trustee in Name of Commission, and likewise the Nett Proceeds of the Estate recovered, at the Expiration of the said ten Months, which, after making a reasonable Deduction for contingent Expences, shall be considered as belonging to the Creditors who have produced their Claims, and Grounds of Debt, and Oaths of Verity-, prior to the Date of said Minute; and the Trustee shall be obliged, within the Space of one Calendar Month after the Expiration of the said ten Months, to make up a State of the Debts entitled as before to a Share of the said first Dividend, calculating Interest on each up to the Date of the first Deliverance on the Petition for Sequestration, with a Scheme or Cast apportioning the Fund of Division among them, with the Deduction already mentioned, according to their due Order of ranking; and the Trustee shall also, at the same Time, make up a State of the Funds belonging to the Bankrupt Hill unrecovered, and of the Money remaining in Bank, after Deduction of the Sum so to be divided, which Scheme and State shall lie open for the Inspection of the Creditors, or their Agents, in the Trustee's Hands, for the Space of one* Adonth longer, at the usual Place where the Trustee's Euiiness is carried on; and on the first lawful Day after the Expiration of one complete Year from the Date of the first Deliverance on the Petition for Sequestration, the Dividend shall be paid, and the Trustee shall give one Month's previous Notice thereof, by Advertisement in the Newspaper aforesaid, which Advertisement shall also bear, that the State and Scheme lie in his Hands for the Inspection of the Creditors; and in case any of the Debts claimed upon shall be objected to in Whole or in Part, or their Place in the ranking disputed, or any other Objection shall be made to the Scheme, as drawn out by the Trustee, a Share of the said Fund, corresponding to the utmost Amount of the Sums or Dividends to which the disputed Articles may be entitled, and to any contingent Expences which the Trustee, with Consent of a Majority of the Commissioners named by the Creditors as aforesaid, may think reasonable, shall be left in the Bank or Banking House where the Monies were deposited as aforesaid, till all such Questions are determined, either by Arbitration or Compromise, or by the Court of Session; and the said Court is hereby authorised and required to determine the same summarily, upon the Application of the Trustee, or of any other Party interested; and when any such Application is made, it shall be competent for any Creditor to produce his Interest, and to have his Debt proved and constituted, if neccfliry, without railing a separate

33 Geo. III. 3 N Ablion

455

No Adjudication competent, after Sequestration.

Monies recovered by Trof-tee, to be departed in Bank.

Trustee to mark and return Grounds of Debt produced to him, ard to keep-regular Recounts.

First Dividend,

to be advert!fed j if Objections

made.

Depositation to be made, in Bank.

Court of Session to determine all Questions relative to objected Claims, &c.

45 6

Shares no' called

f »r to be dep3-hied.

Src 'nd Divi* fi*n, &c.

No Share of

Divtd;nd to be dra.vn (ill Croun's of Debt predoced, &c.

All Preferences to continue as before.

Debts claimed cn before the Term of Pay-rent*

Contingent

Debts.

Securities on Bankrupt Dilates to be deduced from the Amount of the Claim*

C. 74. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Action for the Purpose; and if, in the Event of such Question, the said Sum, or any Part of it, shall remain' unapplied to the Debt or Debts far which it was claimed, the same shall go into the Fund for any subsequenC Distribution, and the Shares of Creditors not called for at the Time of Distribution shall again be deposited as before, on their Risk, at such Interest as can be got for the same.

XXXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within ten Days after the Expiration of sixteen Calendar Months from the Date of the first Deliverance on the Petition for Sequestration, the Commissioners, or the Majority of them, shall in like Manner audite the Trustee's Accounts with the Bankrupt's Eft ate, and settle the Trustee's Commission; and the Trustee shall, within one Calendar Month after the said sixteen Months, make up another Scheme of Division of the Sums recovered among the Creditors who shall then have produced their Interests and Oaths of Verity as before, with new States of the Bankrupt's out-(landing F unds, and of the Sum remaining in the Bank, if any be, which shall in like Manner remain open for lofpevSfion during one Month longer, at the Expiration whereof, or on the first lawful Day thereafter, the Dividend shall be paid, after die like previous Advertisement, being exactly at the Distance of eighteen Calendar Adonths from the Date of the first Deliverance aforesaid; and if any of the Debts are objected to, the Procedure above mentioned shall be followed out, and the like Procedure shall be followed out at similar Intervals of Time thereafter, to the Effect that a Dividend may be made at the End of every six Months, until the whole Funds of the Bankrupt are collected and distributed among his Creditors: Providing always. That after the second Dividend is made, a Atajority of the Creditors in Value, at any General Meeting called for the Purpose in Manner before specified, may determine that future Dividends shall be made after a shorter Interval, and the Affairs of the Trull: brought to a more speedy Close; and even before the Period assigned for the first Dividend as aforesaid, it shall be competent to Four-fifths of the Creditors in Number and Value present at the Meeting after the last Diet of the Bankrupt's Examination, or at any After-Meeting called for the Purpose, to direct the Trustee to apply for the Authority of the Court of Session to make the first Dividend at an earlier Period than the End of the first Year, but not earlier than six Months from the Date of the first Deliverance aforesaid, if upon Cause shewn it shall be found expedient so to do, and also to accelerate the Time for making the second and other Dividends; and irveafe there be any Failure to make such Dividends in the Manner hereby directed, it shall be competent for any one Creditor either to apply by Petition to the Court of Session to have the Trustee removed, or to require him to call a General Meeting of the Creditors to deliberate what Couife shall be taken; and no Creditor shall draw any Share of the different Distributions, unless his Grounds of Debt, and Oath on the Verity thereof* shall have been lodged with the Trustee previous to the respective Times before mentioned when the Dividends are ascertained by the Commissioners, but he shall be entitled in the next Distribution which happens after the Grounds of Debt are so. produced and proved, to draw out of the first of the remaining Fund in the Trustee's Hands a Sum equal to the former Dividend or Dividends on his Debt, with Deduction of five per Centum on the said Dividends, which is to be retained by the Trustee for the common Behoof, on Account of the Creditor's Delay; and in making up the said Schemes of Division, all Debts claimed on which are entitled to a Preference by the Law of Scotland, not altered by this Act, shall be preferred accordingly.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Questions upon this Act, Persons to whom the Debtor is under Obligation to pay Adoney at a certain future Time, shall be accounted Creditors de presenti for the Amount of the Money, discounting the Interest to the Term of Payment specified in the Obligation, and may prove their Debts in the same Way as other Creditors, and shall be entitled to their ratjable Dividends accordingly.

XXXVIII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where a Claim is entered by a Creditor upon any Obligation, the Existence or Amount of which depends upon a Contingency which is still unascertained at the Period of lodging the Claim, the Trustee shall rank the Claimant as if the Condition were purified, but the Dividend or Sum which the Claimant would be entitled in that Case to draw, shall again be deposited in the Bank or Banking House appointed by the Creditors as before, or lent out on heritable Security by the Trustee at the Sight of the Claimant, at such Rate of Interest as can be got for the same* and the Interest thereupon arising shall belong to the Creditors, and be included in the Fund for their Dividends, until the Contingency upon which the Obligation depends shall be declared, when the Dividend so deposited shall belong to the Claimant, or the other Creditors, according to the Terms of the Obligation; but such contingent Claims shall not be sufficient to authorize a Petition for Sequestration, unless in so far as the Amount of them is dearly ascertained, and the Condition purified, before presenting the Petition.

XXXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Creditors shall hold any preferable Security or Lien for Payment of his Debt, obtained prior to the Date of the first Deliverance oil the Petition for Sequestration, and not set aside by this Act, upon any Part of the Bankrupt's Estate or Effects, the Amount or V alue of such Security or Lien shall be deducted from his Debt, and he shall be only ranked and draw a Dividend for the Balance after such Deduction; and if any Dispute shall arise about the Value of such Security or Lien, or the Amount of what it will yield in Extinction of the Debt, the Trustee, with Consent of a Majority of the Commissioners, shall put a Value upon, and the Claimant shall have an Option* either to deduct the Value thus fixed from the Amount of his Claim, reserving the full Effect of his Security, or to draw the said Value, in the first Placevout of the Sums to be divided, and to draw his just Share of the Remainder of the divisible Funds corresponding to the Balance of his Claim, in which last Case he shall be obliged to convey the Security or Lien to the Trustee for Behoof of the whole Creditors, such prefer balcClaimant being in no Event entitled to more than his full Payment.

j

3

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 74.

45 7

Prolusion of Glounds of Debt to inttr-r 1 f:t Picfcription.

Oath of Verity.

XL. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Creditor shall, after the first Deliverance on the Petition for Sequestration, obtain any legal or voluntary Preference or Payment on or out of any Estate or Subject belonging to the Bankrupt, directly or indirectly, situated without the Jurisdiction of the Court, he shall be obliged to communicate and assign the same to the Trustee for Behoof of the Creditors, before he can draw any Dividend out of the Funds in the Hands of the Trustee, and he shall in all Events be liable to an Action before the Court of Session at the Instance of the Trustee, to communicate the said Security or Payment in so far as the Jurisdiction of the Court can reach him.

XLL. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the making Production of the Ground of Debt, or certified Account, with the Oath of Verity aforesaid, in the Hands of the Interim Factor, Sheriff Clerk, or Trustee, or in the Court of Session, shall have the same Effect as to interrupting Prescription of every Kind, from the Period of such Production, as if a proper Action had been raised on the said Grounds of Debt against the Bankrupt, and against the Trustee.

XLII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Oath the Creditor deponing shall specify every Security he holds for his Debt, whether on the Estate of the Debtor or other Obligants, and shall swear that he holds no other Security than is mentioned in his Oath, otherwise his Oath shall not be received by the Trustee as sufficient, nor his Claim be sustained; and the Oaths of Verity upon Debts required by this A Cl may be taken before any Judge Ordinary or Justice of the Peace; and where any Creditor is out of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, or is under Age, or incapable to give an Oath, in all such Cates an Oath of Credulity by the Agent, FaCfor, Guardian, or other Manager, taken in the same Manner, shall be sufficient, but which Oaths, either by the Party himself, or any other Person acting for him, shall not fu-perfede the Necessity of bringing legal Evidence of the Debt, if the same is objected to as unliquidated, or where Evidence appears to be necessary in the Circumstances of the Case; and further declaring, that no Fee shall be paid by any Creditor to the Clerk of Court, or any Person whatsoever, for an Oath of Verity or Credulity as to the Debt claimed being due, or for Production of the Interest or Grounds of Debt of any Creditor, unless the Debt claimed on exceeds the Sum often Pounds lawful Money of Great Britain.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Creditor shall be guilty of Penalty of Mfe false swearing in any Oath to be emitted in pursuance of this Act, he shall be liable to a Prosecution at the In- swear ing. stance of the Trustee,'or any of the Creditors, and his Majesty's Advocate, for Perjury, and shall also forfeit to the Trustee, for Behoof of the Creditors, the whole Dividends on his Debt.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustee may, on Behalf of the Creators at large, withConfent of a Majority of the Commissioners named as aforesaid, compound and transact, either by Submission or by private Compromise, all doubtful Claims which the Bankrupt may have against others, or all Debts due to the Estate, out of other Bankrupt Subjects, and like wife all doubtful Claims or Demands made against the Estate or Questions of Ranking and Preference, and all contingent Debts and Annuities due to or by the Estate, the Value of which it may be expedient to settle in that Manner, in order that a final Distribution may sooner take place.

XLV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, at the Expiration of one Year and an Half After a Year from the Date of the Sequestration, any of the personal Effects of the Bankrupt, or any Debts, whether heri- and Half our-table or moveable, due to him, remain (till unrccovered, it shall be in the Power of Four-fifths of the Creditors in Number and Value, convened at any General Meeting called for the Purpose, after one Advertisement two Weeks previous to the Meeting, in the Newspaper before mentioned, to direct that such remaining Debts and Effects, and also any contingent or future Interest which the Creditors at large may have in Dividends deposited in Bank, or lent out as aforesaid, be fold off by publick Auction upon three Months previous Notice published in the Newspaper before mentioned, the Sale either to be in Whole or in Lots, as a Majority in Value of the Creditors shall direCf.

XLVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surplus of the Bankrupt's Estate and Effects that may remain after Payment of his Debts, computing Interest thereon as aforesaid, and the Charges of recovering the Estate, and distributing the same, shall be paid or made over to him, or to his Assignees or Successors.

Tfuftee may enter into Sub-millions or Compromiles*

landing Debt*, &c. may be .'old by Audiou.

XLVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at or after the first General Meeting of the Creditors, and at any Time before the Period assigned for the second Dividend, it shall be competent for the Bankrupt, with Concurrence of the Interim Manager or Trustee, and of Four-fifths of the Creditors in Number and Value, who have produced their Grounds of Debt and Oaths of Verity as before, to apply to the Court of Session for a personal Protection from Diligence for such Time as the Court shall think reasonable, and the same, being once obtained, shall be renewed within the same Period, if applied for in Name of the Bankrupt, with Consent of the Trustee alone, unless any of the Creditors oppose it, in which Case the Consent of Four-fifths in Number and Value shall be required as before: Providing always, That from and after the Period assigned for the second Dividend, the Power of granting personal Protections under this Statute shall ccafe, unless upon Cause shewn to the Court, and Oath made, both by the Bankrupt and by the Trustee, that the Delays which have happened in making a final Distribution were unavoidable, and that every proper Step has been taken, and will continue, on their Part, to be taken far winding up the Affairs of the Bankrupt, and bring the Truit to a final Close; and also providing, that after the Period of the third Dividend, ortwo Years subsequent to the iirft Deliverance aforesaid, the Power of granting personal Protections under this Act shall entirely cealc, without Prejudice to a final Discharge, either upon full Payment or as herein after directed.

Surplus of Estate, after Payment of Debts, to be paid to Bankrupt.

Bankrupt may get a personal Protection for z limited Time,

but not af er

Period of 2d Dividend, un-leP upon Cause fticwn, dec.

458

Corrpofitic n with Credi'.otS all widur.ucr ccrUin Condition!.

All private and cullufive Agreements illegal.

Discharge to the Bankrupt allowed under certain Conditions.

Allowance to the Bankrupt.

C. 74. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.I>. 1793;

XLVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case at the Meeting held immediately after the second Examination of the Bankrupt, he or his Friends shall make a Proposal of Composition 16 tl»e Creditors, and shall offer Caution to the Satisfaction of Nine-tenths of them, both in Number and Value, assembled at the said Meeting, for such Composition upon his whole Debts as the said Nine-tenths in Number and Value so assembled shall think just and reasonable, the Trustee shall appoint another Meeting for the Purpose of deciding upon such Offer, at the Distance of not less than three Weeks thereafter, and of which Meeting he shall give Notice by advertising the same twice in the said Newspaper a Fortnight at lead before the proposed Meeting, speccifying the Time and Place, and Purpose of the Meeting, but in the mean Time he shall proceed in executing his Duty as Trustee in the same Way as if no such Proposition had been made; and if at the Meeting so appointed it shall be the Opinion of Nine-tenths of the Creditors there assembled, both in Number and Value, that the Offer should be accepted of, a Report of the Proceedings relative thereto shall be forthwith made up by the Trustee, and transmitted to the Clerk of the Sequestration in the Court of Session, for the Approbation of the Court; and if the Court, upon hearing any Objections that may be stated by opposing Creditors, shall find the Proposition reasonable, and that the same has been af-lented to not only by Nine-tenths in Number and Value of the Creditors who attended by themselves or others authorized by them at the Meeting last mentioned, but Nine-tenths of all the Creditors who have produced Grounds of Debt or interests, and Oaths of Verity, an Act or Order shall be pronounced to that Effect, and the Bond of Caution, which must be previously lodged in the Clerk's Hands, shall then be given up to the Trustee fur Behoof of the Creditors, the whole Expence attending the Sequestration being at the same Time paid or provided for, to the Satisfaction of the Court, by the Bankrupt or his Friends; after which all Proceedings in the Sequestration shall cease, and the said Act or Order shall declare the Trustee exonerated, and the Bankrupt discharged, except as to Payment of the Composition.

XLIX. And whereas it has too frequently happened that Sequestrations have been obstructed, and much ' 4 Expence, Litigation, and Delay occasioned by collusive and ineffectual Plans of Composition concerted be tween the Bankrupt and particular Creditors be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Proposal or Agreement for a Composition with individual Creditors, or to stop the Proceedings in the Sequestration, other than as hereby expressly authorized and allowed, shall be deemed illegal and void, and all Persons concerned in them shall be liable to be complained of to the Court of Session, at the Instance of 2ny Party having Interest, and made answerable for all Consequences; and if it shall be proved that any Creditor has privately accepted of a Gratuity, or higher Composition, for giving his Concurrence to the Measures proposed on Behalf of the Bankrupt or his Friends, he shall forfeit his Debt, and be liable in Restitution of what he has received, which shall go into the General Fund of Division; and the Bankrupt himself shall, if required, make Oath that there has been no such private Transaction or Compromise between him. and any of the Creditors, and that he has used 110 undue Influence with any of them to obtain their Concurrence.

L. And be it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case no Proposal of Composition is made at the Time, and in the Manner before specified, or in case the same, when made, shall become ineffectual, no other Proposal of a similar Nature shall be attended to by the Trustee, or be of any Effect, unless Proof is made that the same has been assented to by every Creditor, without Exception; but after the Period assigned for the second Dividend, it shall be lawful for the Bankrupt, with Concurrence of the Trustee, and Four-fifths of the Creditors in Number and Value, to apply to the Court of Session by Petition, praying that he may be held as finally discharged of all his Debts contrafted before the Application for Sequeffration, and this Petition, being intimated upon the Wall, and in the Newspaper before mentioned, the Court shall, at the Distance of not less than three Calendar Months thereafter, resume the Consideration thereof, and if no Objection is made, they shall pronounce an Act or Order in Terms of the Prayer of the Petition; but if Appearance is made by any of the Creditors, objecting that the Discharge ought not to be granted on Account of the Bankrupt's not having made a fair Discovery and Surrender of his Estate, or that he has refuted to grant a Dif-position to the Trustee, as ordered by the Court, or has wilfully been absent from the Diets of Examination, or has been guilty of any Collusion, or that his Bankruptcy did not arise from innocent Misfortunes, or Lodes in Business, but from culpable or undue Conduct, the Court shall judge of these Objections, and allow a Proof of them, if thought necessary, and shall either grant or refuse the Discharge, or annex such Conditions thereto as the Nature and Justice of the Case may require, the Bankrupt always taking an Oath before the Court, or upon Commission, when Judgement is pronounced in his Favour, and before the Act can be extracted, that he has faithfully complied with all the Kcquilites of the Statute, and has used no undue Influence, nor had Recourse to any lecrct Compromise with his Creditors, or any of them, to obtain their Concurrence; and if it shall appear that there has been any such private Transaction between the Bankrupt and any of his Creditors, the same is hereby declared to be unlawful, and no Action shall lie upon any Bill or other Security granted in consequence thereof.

LI. And whereas it may be reasonable that the Bankrupt should have some Allowance out of the Estate for supporting himself and his Family, while the Trustee may have Occasion for his Assistancej* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Four-fifths of the Creditors in Number and Value, present at the Meeting after the last Diet of the Bankrupt's Examination, or at any After-Meeting called for the Purpose, may authorize the Trustee, with Consent of the Commissioners, or any two of them, to allow and pay to such Bankrupt conforming to the Terms of this Act, from Time to Time, as they shall think fit, such Sum or Sums of Money, out of the Proceeds of his own Estate, as they shall think proper, towards the Subsistence and Support of himself and Family till the Period assigned for the second Dividend, not exceeding two Gui-

neas

459

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 74.

neas per Week from the Date of the Sequestration to the Period aforesaid, and so as not to amount upon the Whole to more than five Pounds Centum of the Nett Produce of the Estate: Provided always, That no such Allowance shall be given,-if the Bankrupt has not kept, or shall not produce, such Book or Books as may enable the Creditors and Trustee to acquire a distinct Knowledge of his Affairs.

LII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases under this Act, where the Creditors are required to be counted in Number, any Creditor whose Debt is below twenty Pounds Sterling shall not be reckoned in Number, but the Debt due to such Creditor shall be computed in Value; and in the Cases before mentioned of compounding with or discharging the Bankrupt, any Debt due to a Creditor who has a preferable Security or Lien upon the Bankrupt's Estate or Effects shall not be counted in the Value, but shall be laid aside to the Extent of what may be ascertained as the Value of such Security or Lien, in the Manner before directed, without Prejudice to his being counted in Number, if his whole Debt be not extinguished by such preferable Security or Lien, or to his being counted also in Value to the Extent of the Balance, and the same Rule shall be followed in the Case of Partnership Debts claiming upon the Estates of individual Partners.

LIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sederunt Book before mentioned shall contain a full Record of all Minutes of Meetings, (which shall be subscribed by the Prefes of such Meetings in the Sederunt Book,) States of Accounts, and Schemes of Division, and another Duplicate of these Minutes,

; States, and Schemes shall be subscribed by the Trustee, and, within fourteen Days after the Lapse of one ' Year from the Date of the first Deliverance on the Petition for Sequestration, shall be transmitted to the Clerk to the Sequestration, in the Court of Session, to lie among the Records of the Court, and within fourteen Days after the End of every succeeding Half Year, till the Estate is finally divided, a similar Duplicate of the Proceedings in the Lid Book for the Half Year preceding shall be signed by the Trustee, and transmitted to the Clerk to the Sequestration, to lie among the Records of the Court; and Extracts of these Writings, signed by one of the principal Clerks of Session, shall bear Evidence in all Courts of Justice; and the said Book of Sederunt, and the Bankrupt's Books and Papers, and the Whole other Papers in the Trustee's Hands, shall at all Times be made patent to any Creditor who desires to see the same.

LIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Applications under this Act, which are directed to be made to the Court of Session, (Fall either be made to the whole Court, while it is fitting, or to the Lord Ordinary on the Bills in Time of Vacation, or during any Recefsof the Court, and the Lord Ordinary on the Bills shall have the full Powers of the Court in ordering and following out the different Steps of Proceeding required by the Act, while the Court is not fitting.

LV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Appeal shall be taken against any Order or Interlocutor of the Court of Session, or against any Order of the Lord Ordinary upon the Bills, in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful and competent to the said Court in Time of Section, and the Lord Ordinary on the Bills in Time of Vacation, or during any Recess, notwithstanding such Appeal, to make such Orders, and direct such Proceedings, as shall appear to be necessary for preventing the Estate of the Debtor from being embezzled, secreted, damaged, or dilapidated, while the Appeal is pendant, and every Step may in the mean Time be taken in the Recovery of the Bankrupt's Estate, and the Distribution thereof, that is not repugnant or injurious to the Interest which the Party appealing by the Appeal, infills upon.

LVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Petition for Sequestration, under the Authority of this Act, is presented, it shall be competent for any other Creditor to concur therein, and to follow forth the same, even without the Consent, or after the Death of the Creditor or Creditors originally petitioning, and the Expence disbursed therein shall be repaid by the Trustee out of the first Money that comes into his Hands; and if the Bankrupt shall happen to die in the mean Time, the Proceedings under this Act shall notwithstanding be carried on and followed out to their Conclusion, as if he were in Life.

Creditors In Number and Value, how to be counted.

Book of Side-runt to be kept, and Copy lodged in the Court of Session*

Book 0"Sederunt, &c. to be patent to the Creditors.

Court to proceed in Time of Selhon, Lord Ordinary on the Bills in Vacation.

Court, &c. to make Interim Orders in Case^ of Appeals,

Orher Creditor!

may concur. Expence to be paid nut of the

Fur d.

If Bankrupt die. the Se-questiation to proceed.

LVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Session toestablish such Regulations as shall appear to be most proper for carrying this Act intoeftedlual Execution, according to the true intent thereof, and to publish the same in any Act or Acts of Sederunt, which shall be binding in sofar as is confident with this Act.

LVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases under this Act, where any Thing is directed to be done by the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or where any Mention is made of the Sheriff Clerk, or the Word County is used, it is hereby meant and intended that these Terms shall equally apply to the Stewart Depute or Substitute, or Stewart Clerk of any Stewartry in Scotland.

LIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Interim Manager, and likewise the Trustee, shall at all Times be amenable to the Court of Session, by summary Application to that Court, to account for his Intromiftions and Management, and answer for his Conduit, at the Instance of any Party interested and in case such Application shall appear to the Court to be groundless, he shall be entitled to his full Costs, to be either retained out of the Funds, or recovered from the Party, as the Court shall direct; and it shall be competent at any Time for One fourth of the Creditors in Value to apply summarily to the Court of Session for having him removed, upon cause shewn; a Majority of Creditors *in Value, at any Meeting to be advertised for the Purpose, shall likewise be entitled to remove or to accept of the Resignation of any Trustee; and in either of these cases, or in the Event of the acting Trustee's Death, the next Trustee in Succession shall be entitled to act; and upon Failure of the several Trustees originally named, by Death or otherwise, it shall be competent to any two of the Creditors to apply to the Court of Session to cause a Meeting of th: Creditors

to

Court may, make tutiher Regulations.

Sheriff an! Stewart fynoni-mous.

Trustee amenable to trie Court.

Power to remove Trustee,

or accept of his Resignation,

New Trustee may be named#

Trustee may b: discha'g-d by the Court.

Act to be liberally interpret-cd» and to ex-rend to Women,

No Duty on ffraies fold under this Act.

tHates fequef-tra ed under 1.5 Geo. II t. Cap. 72. to be finally divided, an I frulleedif-tharged.

'Bankrupts discharged under the Act 23 Geo. III. entitled to the faTe Benefits as if discharged under this Act. Continue ice of Act.

C. 74. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

to be held, upon due Advertisement, for choosing a new Trustee or Trustees in Succession, and in any of these Cait s ihe new acting Trustee shall immediately call to account his Predecessors in Office, or their Heirs and Representatives, and shall be vested with the same Powers, and subject to the same Rules and Regulations, as any former acting Trustee.

LX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when a final Division is made among the^re-ditois in any Sequestration awarded under the Authority of this Act, or of the aforesaid Acts passed in the twency-thild and thirtieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, or when a Trustee or Factor named under the Authority of this or of the said former Acts intends to resign his Office, it shall be competent for him to apply by Petition to the Court of Session, craving to be discharged of the Trust, and the Court Hull appoint the Petition to be advertised in the JSewfpaper before-mentioned, and at the End of fourteen Days born the Date of the Advertisement, if no valid Objection is stated, the Court shall grant the Desire c f the Petition; but if any Objection is stated, the Court shall proceed to determine the same in a summary Manner.

LXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be construed by all Judges in the most beneficial Manner for promoting the Ends hereby intended, and that the same shall be construed to comprehend unmarried Women and Widows coming within any of the Descriptions before-mentioned, and also married Women carrying on Trade or Merchandize independent of their Husbands.

LXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rates or Duties imposed by any Statutes upon Estates or Effects sold by Auction shall be exigible upon any Estates or Effects fold under the Authority of this Act.

LXIII. And whereas several personal Estates of Bankrupts, sequestrated under the Authority of an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering the Payment of c the Creditors of infohent Debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the Diligence of the Law by Arreffluent and Poinding, and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes, and for limiting Ac-M tions upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, have not yet been finally divided, and Doubts have arisen how the same ought to be divided, and the Trustee finally discharged ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all such Cases where the Sequestration was not renewed under the Authority of the aforesaid Act passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it shall be competent to and incumbent upon the Factor, Trustee or Trtiftees, named under the Authority of the foresaid Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, within six Months after the Commencement of this Act, to make up a Scheme of Division of the wholeFunds in his Hands amor g the Creditors, who, in Terms of the said Act passed in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, have Right thereto, and to present the said Scheme, with a Petition, to the Court of Session, craving that Warrant may be given for dividing the said Funds in conformity to the said Scheme, and for relieving him of his Office, or continuing him, as the Circumstances may require, and the Court shall appoint Notice theretf to be given in the Newspaper before mentioned; and after the Elapse of a reasonable Time from the Date of such Advertisement, the Court shall resume Consideration of the Petition, and proceed in a summary Manner in the Division of the Funds among the Creditors having Right thereto, and the Exoneration of the Factor or Trustee, or giving him such further Directions as may be necessary; and in case no such Scheme and Petition are presented by the Factor or Trustee, it shall nevertheless be competent for the common Debtor, or for any of the Creditors, to make a summary Application to the Court for calling the Factor, or Trustee or Trustees, to account, and for winding up the Affairs of the Trust in such a Manner as shall appear to the Coui t to be most proper and effectual in the Circumstances of the Case; and failing any such Application to the Court, within six Months after the Commencement of this Act, it shall be held and considered that the Sequestration or Trust created under the said Act of the twelfth of his Majesty, and not renewed under the Act of the twenty-third, is entirely at an End; and if there be still any Part of the Estate or Effects falling under such Sequestration or Trust remaining undivided, the lame shall be open to the legal Diligence of any Creditor of the Bankrupt, prior or posterior.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Bankrupts who have obtained their Discharge from their Creditors prior to this Act, and under and by virtue of the Act passed in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, shall be entitled to the same Benefits and Advantages as they would have been entitled to if such Discharge had been granted under this Act, and their future Effects shall be no otherwise liable than they would have been had such Discharge been granted under and by Authority of the same.

LXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in force for five Years from and after the Commencement thereof* and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 75. 46x

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same.

[3d June 1793.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effeclualy the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and

Sewers, within the City of London, tfw/ Liberties thereof \ and for paving, cleansing, lighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Pof ages, and Places, and preventing and removing ObfiruEiions and Annoyances within the same, the sole Power of ordering, designing, making, enlarging, widening, deepening, railing, altering, removing, repairing, cleansing, and fcowering of all Common Sewers, Drainsand Vaults, and of paving, cleansing, and lighting the several Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the said City of London, and the Liberties thereof, were vested in the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the said City, to be executed by such Persons as by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, should from Time to Time be nominated, and under the Common Seal of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, be appointed for that Purpose, which said Persons, so from Time to Time to be nominated and appointed, together with the Recorder and Common Serjeant of the said City for the Time being, were thereby constituted Commissioners for carrying the said recited Act into Execution; and certain Powers and Authorities were vetted in the said Commissioners, thereby directed to be and thereby appointed: And whereas the Powers granted by the said recited Act have been found of great publick Utility; but the good Purposes thereby intended cannot be effectually answered, unless the said Act is explained and amended, and other Powers granted: And whereas by the said recited Act every Commissioner to be appointed in pursuance thereof is to have Notice to attend at every publick Meeting of the said Commissioners, by Summons from the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, but many of the said Commissioners have not, and others may not have any Place of Residence within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, and others live, or may hereafter live, attoo great a Distance for such Summons to be served upon them, without great Inconvenience and Difficulty May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every such Commissioner, so residing at any Place not within the said City or Liberties, shall from Time to Time leave Notice with the principal Clerk to the said Commissioners, at his Office in Guildhall, of some certain Place, within the said City or Liberties, where such Summons may from Time to Time be left for such Commissioner, at which Place it is hereby required such Summons shall be left, and not elsewhere, and the leaving of such Summons shall be and is hereby deemed and declared to be a good and sufficient Summons, any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall, without Licence or Authority from the said Commissioners, alter or cause to be altered the Form of the Pavement, or any Part thereof, of any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, which, under and by virtue of the said recited Act and this present Act, are or shall be under the Management of the said Commissioners, or in any Way incroach thereupon, or break up the Pavement of the Foot or Carriage Ways of any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Pattages, or Places, without Leave <*f (he said Commissioners, except for the Purpose of taking up, laying down, or icpairing any Water Pipe or Water Pipes under the same, upon Pain that every Person To offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of rive Pounds, over and above the Expence of relaying and reinstating the same, according to the Orders and Directions of the said Commissioners in that Behalf, (and which Orders and Directionsthey are hereby fully authorized to give,) the said Penalty, Forfeiture, and Expences to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majest'y's Courts of Record at Westminster, or within the City of London, in the Name c f the principal Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, to be commenced within six Calendar Months next afeer the Commission of such Offence; in which Action or Suit no Protection, Privilege, EiToin, or Wager of Law^ nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall, without Licence or Authority from the said Commissioners, rix or place, or cause to be fixed or placed, any Bar or Bars, Chain or Chains, Pott or Polls, or other permanent Obstruction, across or in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, which by virtue of the said recited Act are or shall be under the Management of the said Commissioners, so as in anywise to prevent, obstruct, straiten, or render less convenient the patting and repatting of Carriages, Horses, or Foot Passengers, upon Pain that every Pet foil lo offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, over and above the Expence of taking down and

removing

n Go m. Cap. 29, recited*

Commissionuri

not rcfi ltn^ within the City or Lineriie*, to leave with the principal Cl2 1c a Notice ot lofr c Phce wi*hin the same where the Summons may be left*

For preventing Altrrati ns in the Form of the Streets.

For preventing

liars, C lain*, and other Ol-lb actions b-iniJr placed acr»)fs tic Streets, &c.

462

Tor preventing Allies, &c. from t e ni taken from any House, &c. by any I'er-io n hut the Clonttadior fer ltanbr^.

C. iv per* of Du ft, Vr. m y re-ir.ove it lor ther o *'n Ule,

If the Person taking a\A«y the Alh?scannot be apt)rchendc«-', the Owner of the Horses, &c, to be subject to the Penalty,

C. 75. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

removing such Bar or Bars, Chain or Chains, Pod or Pods, or other Obdruclion, according to the Direction of the said Commissioners in that Behalf, who are hereby* fully authorized to order and cause the same to bp taken down and removed forthwith, by the Person or Persons so offending, or by such other Person or-Perfpnjs as they the said Commissioners shall authorize and direct; the last mentioned Forfeiture and Expences to W recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record ?xWeJl:-miiifier, or within the City of London, in the Name of the principal Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners, to be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the committing of such Offence; in which Abl ion or Suit no Protection, Privilege, Essoin, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, other than the Person or Persons contracting with the said Commissioners for cleansing the Laid City or Liberties, or any Part or Part^ thereof, or those employed under such Contractor or Contractors, shall, ori any Account or Pretence whatever, go about for the Purpose of collecting or gathering, or shall collect or gather, or shall ask for, receive, or carry away, any Duff, Dirt, Cinders, or Ashes, from any House, Outhouse, Shop, or Warehouse or other Premises in or.out of or from any of the Streets, Lanes,- Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places under the Management of the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to anifl in seizing the Offender oV Offenders, together with the Horse or Horses, or other Bead or Beads, Cart or Carts, Wheelbarrow or Wheelbarrows, or other Carriage or Carnages, or other implement or Implements, made use of for carrying away the Lme, and lie, (he, and they is and are hereby required so to do, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver such Offender or Offenders into the Cudody.of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said City, and such Justice shall and is hereby authorized and required to examine upon Oath (or if he, she, or they shall be a Quaker or Quakers, then upon his, her, or theirfolemn Affirmation, which Oath or Affirmation such Justice is hereby im]lowered to administer) the Person or Persons apprehending such Offender or Offenders, and any Witneo or Witnesses who shall appear to give Information touching such Offence, and if the Party or Parties shall be convicted of any such Offence, he, she, or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings, and one Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall he paid to the Person or Persons who shall apprehend, seize, and take the Offender or Offenders, or such Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, and other Thing or Things as aforesaid, and the other Moiety into the Chamber of the said City, and applied to the Purposes of the said recited or this Aid; and if such Offender or Offenders shall not immediately on Conviction pay the said Forfeiture, such Justice is hereby required to direct such Horse or Horses, or other Bead or Beads, Cart or Carts, Wheelbarrow or Wheelbarrows, or other Carnage or Carriages, or Implement or Implements, which shall have been so seized, (and which the Person or Persons seizing, or affiding in seizing, shall and may, and is and are hereby required to drive, remove, and take, or cause the same to be driven, removed, and taken to the Green Yard of the said City,) to be appraised and fold, and after deducting out of the Monies to arise by such Sale the Forfeiture incurred, together with the Charges and Expences attending the removing, detaining, keeping, and maintaining the same, and after such Appraisement and Sale, the Overplus thereof shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Horse or Horses, Bcaft or Beads, or such other Thing or Things as aforesaid, shall be appraised and fold; and in case there shall have been no such Seizure as aforesaid, or if the Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, or such other Filing or Things as aforesaid, which shall be so appraised and fold, shall not produce a sufficient Sum of Money to pay the said Penalty or Forfeiture, Charges and Expences, then, if such Offender or Offenders shall not immediately upon Conviction pay the Whole of the said Penalty or Forfeiture, or so much of the said Forfeiture, Charges, and Expences, which shall remain over and above the Produce of the Sale of the Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, Thing or Things fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges of such Appraisement and Sale, then such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required to commit such Offender or Offenders to one of the Compters, or to the Bridewell of the said City, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exaeding two Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month, to be computed from the Day of Commitment, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture, Charges and Expences, be sooner paid and Satisfied.

V. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent or hinder the Owner or Owners of such Dud, Dirt, Cinders, or Ashes, from carrying away the same for his, her, or their own Use, to be applied to any Manufacture of such Owner or Owners, or to the manuring of any Ground occupied by him, her, or them, but not for Sale.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if the Person or Persons who shall so go about for the Purpose of collect ng or gathering, or shall collect or gather, or shall ask for, receive, or carry away any such Dud, Dirt, Cinders, or A (hes, contrary to the Diiection of this Act, cannot be apprehended, then and in every such Case the Owner or Owners of the‘Horse or Horses, or other Bead or Beads, Cart or Carts, Wheelbarrow or Wheelbarrows, or other Carriage or Carriages, or Implement or Implements, used or employed in carrying away the same, shall be subject to the like Penalty or Forfeiture, and which Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recovered and levied by such Did refs and Sale, and divided and disposed of in such and the like Manner as lad: mentioned and directed; and if the Monies to arise by such Distress and Sale shall not be sufficient to answer and satisfy such Penalty or Forfeiture, Charges and Expences, or if no such Didrefscan be made, such Justice is hereby authorized and required to commit him, her, or them, to one of the Compters, or to the Bridewell of the said City, for any Time not exceeding two Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid,

6 VII. And

1

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 75. 463

VII. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any Person or Persons who shall be rated or a defied by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, or the said recited Act, or any Person or Persons liable to pay any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Affi Aments, made by virtue or in pursuance thereof, shall by the Space of seven Days next after his, her, or their respective Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be due and demanded by the Collector or Collectors authorized and appointed to collect and receive the lame (such Demand being either personally made on the respective Person or Persons so charged with or liable to pay the same, or left in Writing at his, her, dr their respective House or Houses, Place or Places of Abode) shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Rate or Assessment, Rates or Assessments, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, every or any or either of them, having a Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of any three or more of the said Commissioners, (which Warrant or Warrants the said Collector and Collectors is and are hereby required to apply for, and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to grant,) and with the Assistance of a Constable, or other Peace Officer of the Ward, County, City, or Liberty where the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting shall reside, to enter his, her, or their House or Houses, Apartment or Apartments, and then and there to seize and distrainhis, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and if the same shall not be replevied, or such Rate or Assessment paid, within five Days next after such Distress made, together with the Costs and Charges thereof, then to appraise and fell so much and such Part of the said Goods and Chattels as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Assessment, with the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, the said Costs and Charges to be settled and allowed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them.

VIII. And whereas many Houses in several of the Wards of the said City are by the several Landlords or Owners thereof let out in Lodgings or Tenements to divers Tenants, by which Means the Payment of the said Rates for such Houses, Tenements, and Buildings may be evaded For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Alderman of each respective Ward within the said City, or his Deputy, with the major Part of the Common Councilman of the said Ward, at the Times the said Commissioners shall direct, to rate and afiefs in every such Rate or Assessment either the Owners or Occupiers of such Houses or Tenements respectively as for the preceding Year were actually let oraflefled towards the Land Tax, at a lefsRent than six Pounds per Annum, or occupied by two or more Tenants, or any such Occupier or Occupiers, where any such House or Tenement is occupied by more than one, which Rates or Assessments shall be paid by the rel'peblive Occupiers of such Houses or Tenements, or of any Part or Parts thereof respectively, or some cr one of them; and the Occupier or Occupiers of whom the same shall be demanded is and are hereby authorized and required to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so rated or assessed, so as such Rates or Assessments do not exceed the Rent due and payable by him, her, or them, and to deduct the same out of his, her, or their Rent or respective Rents; and the Landlord and Landlords, or Owner or Owners of such Houses or Tenements, is and are hereby required, from Time to Time, to allow such Deductions and Payments, upon the Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their Rent or Rents, and every such Occupier paying such Assessment or Assessments shall be acquitted and discharged for so much of his or her respective Rents as the said Assessment or Assessments so paid by him, her, or them respectively shall amount unto, in like Manner as if the same had been actually paid to the Person or Persons to whom such Rent or Rents shall be due and payable; and in Defaultof Payment of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, by the Space of seven Days next after the same shall be due, and be demanded in Manner as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered of and from the Occupier or Occupiers, or any of them, of such Houses or Tenements respectively, or any Part or Parts thereof, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their respective Goods and Chattels, to be made in such Manner as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if the Monies to arise by such Distress and Sale shall not be sufficient fully to pay and satisfy such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, together with the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending such Distress and Sale, or Distresses and Sales, then and so often, and in every such Case, so much of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, Costs and Charges, as shall remain unsatished, shall and may be sued for and recovered of and from the Landlord or Landlords, or Owner or Owners thereof respectively, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or within the said City of London, to be commenced and prosecuted by (he said Commissioners, in the Name of their principal Clerk for the Time being; in which Ablion or Suit no Protection, Privilege, Essoin, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Butcher or Butchers, or other Person or Persons dealing in Meat, occupying any House or Houses, or Shop or Shops, within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, (the publick Markets, and the South Side of Aldgate High Street, only excepted,) shall hang out any Meat or Oftal, or permit or fufier any Meat or Offal to be hung out beyond the Story Posts of such his, her, or their House or Shop, or respective Houses or Shops, or shall throw or convey, or cause, or permit or suffer any Blood to be thrown or conveyed, or to run from his, her, or their Slaughter House, Shop, or Premises, into any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XI. And be it hereby further enabled, That the Driver of every Waggon, Cart, Dray, Caravan, Sledge, or7'ruck, (except in Cases of Horses going abreast, and of Carts drawn by one Horse only, guided with Leather Reins of sufficient Length by the Driver fitting in or upon such Cart, which shall be drawn within the said City, or the Liberties thereof,) shall hold in his or her Hand a Rope, Strap, or Thong of Leather, of

33 Geo. III. 3O sufficient

Impnwcnng the Collectorfi to d ftrtiin in case o Noi>*D3ytt>en? of Rates,

For afiefling Houses let out in Lodgings.

The Landlords to be answera^e for the Defici -tncy of ihc Distress.

Butchers n» to t ang Meat beyond the St^iy Ports of their Shnps, dec.

Drvers of Carts,

Arc. »o lei.'- ihe Shaft Horse.

464

Commissioners rri »y cojt pel I'ersons to attend their Summons.

For c^mp?Il;nj /Utendance of

W its.ctTe?-.

Pl*e fling the iv«.n:itr of lerv-ing Notices.

Vi.B regulating

the Stand of Coaches on the South Side of Saint i'aul'a Church Yaid.

C. 75. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

sufficient Strength, not exceeding four Feet in Length, affixed to the Bit of the Bridle, or Headftall of the Halter of the Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Ass within the Shafts of or next to such Waggon, Cart, Dray, Caravan, Sledge, or Truck.; and in case any Person shall drive any Waggon, Cart, Dray, Caravan, Sledge, or Truck, within the Lid City or the Liberties thereof, (except as before excepted,) without holding in his Hand a Rope, Strapper t hong of Leather, of sufficient Strength, not exceeding four Feet in Length, affixed to the Bit of the Bridle, or Headftall of the Halter of the Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Ass, within the Shaftscf or next to such Waggon, Cart, Dray, Caravan, Sledge, or Truck, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to seize, or assist in seizing, such Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey or deliver him, her, or them into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace of the said City, and the Party or Parties accused being brought before him, such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath (or Affirmation in the Case of a Quaker) any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence (which Oath or Affirmation the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer); and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings for the first Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings for the second Offence, and the Sum of twenty Shillings for the third and every subsequent Offence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, at any of their publick Meetings, shall have full Power and Authority to summon or require any Person or Persons, against whom Complaint shall be-made to them, touching any Offence or Offences to be committed against the said recited Act, or against this present Act, to attend them the said Commissioners, in order to be examined concerning such Offence or Offences, and otherwise dealt with pursuant to the said Acts, or either of them, as the Case may require; and that if any Person or Persons, against whom any such Complaint shall be made, shall after five Days Notice for that Purpose served upon him, her, or them, in and by such Summons, refuse or neglect to attend the said Commissioners at the Time and Place for which he, she, or they shall in such Summons have Notice to attend, every such Person or Persons so offending, by neglecting to attend such Summons, shall upon the Oath of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (or it such Witness or Witnesses shall be a Quaker or Quakers, then upon his, her, or their solemn Affirmation, which Oath or Affirmation any seven or more of the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to administer) forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Wit-nefres to give Evidence before any Justice of the Peace, touching any Matter contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, or the said recited Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or of the Person or Persons accused, or if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence upon any Appeal, or any Adjournment thereof, by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, either on the Part of the Appellant or Respondent, and any such Person or Persons respectively shall refuse or neglect to appear from Time to'Lime, at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect, or appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, (or in case of a Quaker or ()uakers, on solemn Affirmation, which Oath or Affirmation such Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer,) and to give Evidence before such Justice of the Peace, or upon such Appeal, or any Adjournment thereof, then and in either of the said Cases every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That in all Cases of Notices and Summonses directed or required to be given or Lived by this Act, or the said recited Act, (except in the Case of Summonses for the Meeting of the said Commissioners,) which shall or may be necessary for carrying into Execution any of the Powers of this Act, or the said recited Act, the Services of any such Notices or Summonses, either on the Person to whom the same ought to be given, or leaving the same, or a true Copy thereof, at his or her Dwelling House, or uiual or last Place of his or her Abode, shall be a good and sufficient Service of any and every such. Notices or Summonses; and that in all Cases whatsoever, where any such Notices or Summonses ought to be given to two or moie Persons for or respecting the joint Act or Omission of any such Person or Persons, whether the said Person or Persons be in Partnership in Trade, or otherwise jointly concerned in any such Act or Omission, the like Service of any such Notices or Summonses on any one of such Partner or Partners, or Person or Persons, shall be also a good and sufficient Service thereof.

XV. 4 Whereas by the said recited Act, the Number of Hackney Coaches allowed to ply for Hireincer- tain Stieetsor Places within the said City or Liberties, were in several Instances limited, and their Distances one from the other, when so plying, were regulated and settled: And whereas it would be very convenient and beneficial to the Publick, if the Number of Hackney Coaches which are allowed to ply for Hire on the South Side of Saint Paul's Church Yard, near the West End thereof, were also to be limited, and their Dif- tancesone from the other, when so plying, regulated and settled p be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, not more than two Coaches at the same Time shall (land or ply for Hire at or near the West Gate of Saint Paul's Church Yard; and that the first of the said Coaches shall (land as near as may be to the South Side of the said West Gate, and to the Rails of the said Church Yard, but not before the said Gate, or any Part thereof, and the other close behind the said first Coach, and that not more than two Coaches shall stand or ply for Hire at the same Time, immediately Westward of the Gate of the said Church Yard, commonly called The Dean's Gate, and that one of the said last mentioned Coaches shall stand as near as may be to the West Side of the said Gate, called The

v 1 Dean's

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 75. 465

Dean's Gate, but not before the same, or any Part thereof, and the other close before the said last mentioned' Coach, and that both the said last mentioned Coaches shall stand as near as may be to the Rails of the said Church Yard, upon Pain that the Owner or Driver of every Hackney Coach which shall stand or ply for Hire in any of the said Places where the Number ,of Hackney Coaches is hereby limited, after the Number of Coaches so respectively limited shall be {landing or plying the rein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, to be levied and recovered'by such Ways and Methods as by the several Acts of Parliament now in force concerning Hackney Coaches, or by this present Act, or any of them, are directed; and such Penalties, when recovered, shall be applied to and for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act.

XVI. 1 And whereas, from the Want of Power in the Magistrates of the City of London to enforce the 6 Appearance of Masters, Mistresses, or Drivers of Hackney Coaches, residing out of the Jurisdiction of the same Magistrates, to answer Complaints for Offences committed by such Masters, Mistresses, or Drivers,

within the said City and Liberties, many of such Offenders against the said recited Act cannot be punished by virtue thereof, such Offences being cognizable by the said Magistrates only ;* for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case, and when and so often as any Complaint shall be made to any Justice of the Peace of the said City, touching any Offence or Offences puniftvable by or under the said recited Act, or by or under this present Act, by any Person or Persons, being the Master, Mistrefv, or Driver, or Adafters, Mistresses, or Drivers of any Hackney Coach or Hackney Coaches, residing at any Place or Places out of the said City, or the Liberties thereof, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to issue a Summons, under his Hand, requiring such Person or Persons against whom any such Complaint shall be made, to attend such Justice at such Time and Place within the said City or Liberties, as such Justice shall appoint, in order to answer such Complaint; and that if any such Person or Persons, being such Master, Mif-tress, or Driver, or Masters, Mistresses, or Drivers, and residing as aforesaid, and against whom any such Complaint shall be made, shall, after three Days Notice to attend as aforesaid, served upon him, her, or them, in and by such Summons as last mentioned, or left at his or her last or usual Place of Abode, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, upon the Appearance of any such Offender or Offenders, to hear and determine the Adaticr of Complaint, and to convict or acquit him, her, or them; but if such Offender or Offenders shall refuse or neglect to attend such Justice, at the Time and Place for which he,-she, or they shall in such Summons have Notice to attend, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to issue aWarrant or Warrants, under his Hand and Seal, for the apprehending and bringing before him the said Justice, or any other Justice of the Peace for the said City, the Person or Persons who shall have so refused or neglected to appear upon such Summons, provided that such Warrant or Warrants be first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate of the County, City, or Liberty wherein such Offender may reside or be found, which Warrant or Warrants any such Magistrate who shall be applied to for that Purpose shall, and he is hereby required and directed to back or countersign accordingly; and it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, upon the Appearance before him of such Person or Persons so complained of, being a Master, Mistrets, or Driver, or Masters, Adiftresses, or Drivers of any Hackney Coach or Hackney Coaches, and residing as aforesaid, to hear and determine the Matter of Complaint, and to convict or acquit the same Person or Persons of the Offence or Offences so complained of, and every such Conviction, cither upon the Appearance of such Offender or Offenders i:i pursuance of the said Summons, or being brought before such Justice by such Warrant or Warrants, shall be as valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Person or Persons had resided within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof; and in case the Person or Persons so convicted shall not forthwith pay and satisfy the Penalty or Forfeiture directed to be paid for the Offence of which he, she, or they shall be so convicted by the before recited Act, or this present Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to commit such Offender or Offenders to one of the Compters, or to the Bridewell of the said Ciry, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding twenty Days, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by the said recited Act, or this present Act, infl idled or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said City, which Warrant or Warrants such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Evidence of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (or Affirmation in the Case of a Quaker,) and the Informer is hereby rendered a competent Witness, and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid into the Chamber of the said City, and be applied towards the Purposes of the said reciltd Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not he paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to one of the Compters, or to the Bridewell of the said City, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the same, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

XVIII. Provided always, That no such Distress shall by virtue of this Act be made, out of the Limits of the said City, and Liberties thereof, unless such Warrant or Warrants respectively shall be first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate of the County, City, or Liberty where such Distress is proposed to be made,

For enforrirtr the Appeararcc cif Masters and Drivers of Hackney Coaches.

Method.of recovering Fcj.il* tits.

V7 rrant of Distreis 10 be backed.

1

4-66

Pma'tte# may be mitigated.

Penalty on Drivers of Waegons, Sec, with two or more Horses, or other Bea(Vs of Draughr, riding on ti'her of such Horses.

Penjhv on Per-lent. ilTiuitiin*, «rc. the Collector, or other Cfiictrs,

Vt-nal*y on Con-itaoles neglecting or rdufing to alTift, in r*fc o* any Distress being i ,keo.

CommiHioriers to be fty led Commiinor.ers of bewers of the City of J.>n ;cr, ier.

A Oions or Suits not to abate by The Death or Removal of the Clcik.

Monies in the Hands of Collectors dying or btcoroing Bankrupts or Insolvent, how ro be paid and recovered.

C. 75. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

which Warrant or Warrants any such Adagiflrate who shall be applied to for that Purpose shall forthwith back or countersign.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace before whom shall be recovered any of the Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or the said recited Act, where no other Manner of Mitigation of any such Penalties or Forfeitures is hereby or by the said recited Act directed, to mitigate or lessen any of such Penalties or Forfeitures as he in his Discretionshall think lit, so as the lame be not mitigated or reduced to less than one Moiety or Half Part thereof.

XX. And whereas many Drivers of Waggons, Carts, Drays, Trucks, and Sledges, drawn by two or more Horses, or other Bealls of Draught, make a Practice of riding on one of such Horses, or other Beafb; 4 to the great Danger of the Publick be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, if any Driver of any Waggon, Cart, Dray* Truck, or Sledge, drawn by two or more Horses, or other Bealls of Draught, within the said City or Liberties, shall fit or ride on either of such Horses or other Bealls, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing such Offender, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey or deliver him into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace of the said City, and the Party accused being brought before him, such Justice shall proceed to examine, upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information; touching such Offence, which Oath (or Affirmation, in the Case of a Quaker) the said Justice is hereby au>-tnorized and required to administer, and if the Party accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his own Confession, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings for the first Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings for the second Offence, and the Sum of forty Shillings foe the third and every other Offence, and upon Nonpayment of such Penalty, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender to be committed to one of the Compters, or to the Bridewell of the said City, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding twenty Days, nor less than seven Days, unlefe such Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times obstruct* hinder, or molcft any of the said Commissioners, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Workmen, Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be employed by virtue of this Act, in the Performance or Execution of their Duty, every such Person so offending shall for the first Offence forfeit and Day the Sum of five Shillings, for the second the Sum of twenty Shillings, and for the third and every other Offence the Sum of five Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where a Distress is authorized to be made by the said recited or this Act, if any Constable of the Parish or Place where the same is to be made, upon being called upon by any Collector or Collectors, or any other Person (who shall have obtained such Warrant of Distress) shall neglect or refuse to aid and affilt in making such Distress and Sale, such Constable shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution the said recited Act, and such Commissioners as shall hereafter be appointed to put the said Abl, and the present Act, into Execution, shall be named and styled Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London, and Liberties thereof.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit to be commenced or prosecuted under the Authority of this present Act, or the said recited Act, in the Name of the principal Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Abl of the said Clerk, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, but that such Clerk shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit, as the Cale may be: Provided always, That every such Clerk shall be reimbursed out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Cods, Charges* and Expences as he shall be put unto or become chargeable with, by Reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Collector or Collectors shall happen to die or become Bankrupt, or take the Benefit of any Insolvent Abl, before he or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all the Monies by him ol them received by virtue of the said recited Act, then and in every such Case the Executors or Administrators, or other legal Representative or Representatives, or Person or Persons possessing the Estate and Etfebts of every such Collector, or the Assignee or Assignees of every such Bankrupt or Insolvent, (hull, out of the Estate and Ett'cbls of the Party so dying, becoming Bankrupt or insolvent, pay into the Chamber of the said City, all such Sums of Money as shall be in the Hands of such Person respectively at the Time of his or their Death, or at or after the Time of his becoming Bankrupt or Insolvent, and not paid over, or so much thereof as the Estate and Eft'cbls will extend to pay, in Preference to any other Creditor, and the Receipt or Receipts of the said Chamberlain shall be a good Discharge for the said Money, to the Person or Persons paying the same; and every Executor, Administrator, or Assignec, or such other Persons paying the same as aforesaid, may to any Ablion, Suit, or Prosecution commenced or brought against him, her, or them, plead and give in Evidence the Authority of this Act for such Payment, and shall be allowed the same prior to any Specialty, Judgement, or other Debt or Demand whatsoever; and in case of Nonpayment of the same by the Spi.cc of one Calendar Month after the same shall have been demanded by any Person or Persons to be authorized by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for the principal Clerk to the

467

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 75, 76.

said Commissioners for the Time being, in his own Name to commence one or more Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at tVcJlminJhr, against such Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or other Person as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the same, in which Action no Eflbin, Protcdion, or Wager at Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXV. f. And, for the more easy and fpceay Conviction of Offenders against the said recited Act, and this present Act, be it further enacted, 1'hat all and every Justice and Justices btf >re whom any Person or Per-l'or.s shall be convicted of any Offence against: the said recited Act, or this present Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or any other Form of Words to the same Effect; (that is to say,)

7 VE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Tear of the

*4 to wit. 3 Reign of his Majesty King A.B. is [or are] convictctl before me C.D. one of his Majesty's 'Jujiiccs of the Peace for the City of London, by virtue of an Jit7 of Parliament, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

u [Here set forth the Title of the Act, and specify the Offence, and Time and Place when and where the same was committed, as the Case shall be.] Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Tear above written"

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, causes, and Proceedings, relating to or concerning the Execution of this present Act, or of the said recited Act, any Inhabitant within the said City or Liberties shall be a competent Witness, and be admitted to give Evidence, notwithstanding such Inhabitant is charged with or liable to pay any Rate by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief is hereby appointed, such Person may, within six Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of Peace at their General or Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said City of London, such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, eight Days Notice at least, in Writing, of his or her Intention to exhibit such Appeal, and the Matter thereof, to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and within four Days after giving such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said City, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide by the Order of, an:l pay such Costs as shall be awarded by, the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing, or appealed against, as they shall think proper, and the Determination of such Justices shall be binding, final, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Rate or Assessment, or any Proceeding to be had touching any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to any Complaint, C011-viction, or Appeal, or any Order or Determination thereon in pursuance of this Act, or the said recited Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be subject or liable to the Payrren. of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures infiided by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, for any Offence or Offences against this Act, or the said recited Act, unless some Proceedings shall be had according to the Directions of this Act, respecting such Offence or Offences within six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That alt and every the Provisions, Powers,-Articles, Clauses, Impositions, and Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things in the said recited Act enacted, contained, or prescribed, and not hereby varied or altered, or otherwise provided for, shall be and continue of full Force and Effect, and shall be likewise applied and extended to this Act, as fully and eftedu-ally, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the lame had severally and respectively been expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this present Act shall be deemed, adjudged, taken, and allowed to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the islands adjacent.

[17th June 1793.]

FOR the better Administration of Justice in the Island of Newfoundland, and the islands adjacenthe Xj enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by his Commission under the Great Seal, to institute

a Court

Form of Conviction.

Inhabitants may be Wimefle#.

Person* ag« g*iev<*d n av appeal to the Ge-ner*1 or <, Ju.mer Scili joe.

Rates and Proceedings not to be qu «flied for Want of Form; or removed by Certiorari.

Proceedings to be within six Months.

Powers of former Aci extended to this Act.

[Publick Act.]

His Majesty, under the Great

4-68

S-j‘, may inst'-t LI V a Cf'U't of ( 1 rinjl -tnd C'% I J i>itd c-t:on N *»*-fcundland, &c.

THe Govern* %vi h ti c A't'ice of the Ch!ef Jur-t:cc, may ir.lli-tire Surrogate Court*, &c.

Mo^e of Proceedings in the Supreme and Surrogate Courts.

In Anions excerding 40a. Jurors rr»a\ be summoi ed, but if a sufficient Number should Co? appear, two A(T;fTor», with the Chief Justice or Surrogates, may proceed to Trial.

Appeals may be made from Judgements for Sums exceeding 401. in the Surrogate Courr, and exceeding tool, in the Supreme Court.

C. 76. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

a Court of Criminal and Civil Jurisdiction, to be called The Supreme Court of 'Judicature of the Island of Newfoundland) with full Power and Authority to hold Plea of all Crimes and Misdemeanors committed within th: Hand of Newfoundland, and on the Islands and Seas to which Ships or Vessels repair from the Island of Newfoundland^ for carrying on the Fishery, and on the Banks of Nntfomidland, in the same Manner as Pica is ho!den of such Crimes and iMitJemeanors in that Part of Great Britain called England, and also with full Power and Authority to hold Plea in a summary Way, of all Suits and Complaints of a Civil Nature, arising within the island of N'lifou inland, and on the Blands and Seas aforesaid, and on the Banks of New* filmland; which Court (Tull determine such Suits and Complaints of a Civil Nature, according to the Law of England, as far as the lame can bt applied to Suits and Complaints arising in the Islands and Places aforesaid; and the said Court shall be a Court of Record, and shall be holden by a Chief Justice to be appointed by his Majesty, who shall have full Power and Authority to inquire of, hear, and determine all Crimes and Mifiiemeanors, Suits, and Complaints, cognizable in the said Court; and such Court shall have such Clerks and Mini (serial Officers as the Chief Justice shall think proper to appoint; and such Salary shall be paid to the said Chief Justice, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall approve and diredf, and such Salaries be paid to the Clerks and Ministerial Officers aforesaid, as shall be approved by the Chief Justice, with the Consent of the Governor of the Island of Nufoundland; which several Salaries shall respectively be in lieu of all other Profits and Emoluments whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor of the Island of Newfoundlandfrorti Time to Time, to institute Courts of Civil Jurisdiction, to be called Surrogate Courts, in disterent Parts of the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands aforesaid, as Occasion shall require, with full Power and Authority to hear and determine, in the like summary Way, all Suits and Complaints of a Civil Nature arising within the Island of Newfoundland, and on the Islands and Seas aforesaid, and on the Banks of Newfoundland\ which Courts shall relpediively be Courts of Record, and shall determine according to the Law of England, as far as the same can be applied to Suits and Complaints arising in the Islands and Places aforesaid; and the said Courts respectively shall be holden by a Surrogate, to be appointed from Time to Time by the Governor of the said Island, and shall have full Power and Authority to hear and determine all Suits and Complaints cognizable in the said Court; and the said Court shall have such Clerks and Ministerial Officers, with such Salaries as the Governor shall appoint, which Salaries shall be in lieu of all Profits and Emoluments whatever.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Supreme Courts and Surrogate Courts reflectively, when any Suit or Complaint shall be depending the rein, to cause to appear from Day to Day, all Persons interested in the Matter in Dispute, and to examine upon Oath such of them as it shall be deemed proper, for better discovering the Truth, and thereupon, and after due Consideration of all Circumstances, to make such Order, Judgement, or Decree therein, and award such Damages and Costs, as the Case shall require; and that in all Cases where the Cause of any Suit or Complaint shall not exceed five Pounds, the Party who is to answer such Suit or Complaint shall be made to appear in Court by Summons, and in all Cases where such Summons shall be disobeyed, or where the Cause of any Suit or Complaint shall exceed five Pounds, then that the Party who is to answer such Suit or Complaint may be caused to appear by Attachment of his or her Goods, Debts, or Effects, or by Arrest of the Person, and that the Execution of any Order, Judgement, or Decree may be enforced by Attachment of the Goods, Debts, or Credits of the Party, or by Arrest of the Person against whom such Order, Judgement, or Decree shall be made; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Chief Justice and Surrogates respectively, to authorize some Person in his or their Absence respectively, to i(Fuc Process, and do all Acts appertaining to the said Supreme Court, and Surrogate Cojrts respectively, lave and except the inquiring of, hearing, and determining of any Crime or Milde-meaner, or any Suit or Complaint of a Civil Nature.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, where the Cause of Action shall exceed the Sum of forty Shillings and it shall be prayed by the Defendant in such Suit or Complaint, that a Jury may be summoned to try such Action, it shall be lawful for the said Chief Justice and Surrogates respectively, and he and they are hereby respectively required to cause twenty-four Persons to be summoned, of whon* twelve shall be a Jury for the Trial of such Action, and to proceed therein according to Law: Provided always, That, if a Number of Jurors Efficient for the Trial of such Action having been duly summoned shall not appear to be sworn, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor of the said Island to nominate and appoint two proper Persons to be Assessors to the said Chief Justice, and for each Surrogate in his Court in like Manner to nominate and appoint two proper Persons to be his Assessors, which Assessors, together with the said Chief Justice or Surrogates respectively, shall proceed to the Trial of such Action, in like Manner as if such Jury had not been prayed.

V. And be it further enacted, That upon any Decree or Judgement given in a Surrogate Court, for any Sum exceeding forty Pounds, it shall be lawful for the Party against whom such Decree or Judgement shall be given to appeal therefrom to the Supreme Court, having first given Notice of such Intention, and having entered into a Security to the Surrogate, in Double the Sum for which such Judgement or Decree was given or made, within two Days after making or giving such Judgement or Decree, for duly prosecuting such Appeal; and upon any Decree or Judgement given in the Supreme Court, for any Sum exceeding one hundred Pounds, it shall be lawful for the Party, against whom such Decree or Judgement shall be given or made, to appeal therefrom to his Majesty in Council, having first givon Notice of such Intention, and having entered into Security, to be approved by the Chief Justice, in Double the Sum for which such Judgement or Decree was given or made, within two Days after the giving or making of such Judgement or Decree, for duly preferring

When Goods are attached, if it shall appear that the Par y is insolvent, the C< urt shall order his EflVfts to be colle«£led and distributed.

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 76. 469

fecuting such Appeal; and in all Cases of Appeal, as foonas Notice shall be given, and Security entered into as aforesaid, Execution shall be flayed, but not otherwise.

VI. And whereas it will greatly contribute to the Advancement of the Trade and Fishery of Newfound- land^ if such Effects as Persons becoming insolvent in the said Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands aforesaid, were possess'ed of or entitled unto, wirhin the said Island, or on the Islands or Seas aforesaid, or on the Banks of Newfoundland, should be divided among their Creditors with more Equality than hath hitherto been practised ;* be it further enacted, That, as often as the Goods, Debts, and Ci edits of any Person shall be attached, and it shall be made appear to the Court out of which the Process of Attachment hath issued, that the Goods, Debts, and Credits io attached are not sufficient to pay twenty Shillings in the Pound toall those who shall be Creditors by Reason of Debts contracted within the Island of Newfoundland, and on the Islands and Seas aforesaid, or on the Banks of Newfoundland, it shall be lawful for such Court to summon the Party whose Goods, Debts, and Credits are so attached, together with the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs who have sued out any Attachment, and also such Persons who are known to be Creditors as aforesaid of the Defendant, to appear in Court at a certain Day, and if upon a due Examination of the Defendant, and the said Creditors, it shall appear that he or she is insolvent, the Court shall declare him or her insolvent accordingly, and shall immediately proceed to take Order for discovering, collecting, and felling the Effects and Debts of such Person, and distributing the Produce thereof rateably nmongst all the said Creditors of such Person so declared insolvent, or to authorize some Person or Persons, being a Creditor or Creditors, to perform the same, such Person or Persons first entering into a Recognizance in such Sum as the Court shall think fit, for the due Performance of his or their Duty therein; and that such Court shall from Time to Time make such Order therein as shall be deemed proper, for better discovering, collecting, and felling the Effects and Debts, and making a rateable Distribution thereof among the said Creditors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in the Distribution to be made of the Estate and Effects of such Person so declared insolvent, every Fisherman and Seaman employed in the Fishery, who shall be a Creditor for Wages become due in the then Current Season, shall first be paid twenty Shillings in the Pound, so far as the EffeCls will go; and in the next Place, every Person who shall be a Creditor ior Supplies furnished in the Current Season, shall be paid twenty Shillings in the Pound; and lastly, all other Creditors shall be paid equally as far as the Effects will go.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it such insolvent Person shall make a true Disclosure and Discovery of all his or her Goods and Effects whatsoever, and shall conform him or herself to the Order and Direction of the said Court, the same shall and may (with the Consent of one Half in Number and Value of his or herCre-ditors) be certified by the said Court, and such Certificate, when pleaded, shall be a Bar to all Suits and Complaints for Debts contracted within the Island of Newfoundland) and on the Islands and Seas aforesaid, and on the Banks of Newfoundland, prior to the Time when he or she was declared insolvent.

IX. And be it further enacted, That where any Cause of Action shall have arisen before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, no Suit or Complaint shall be commenced thereon at the Distance of more than six Years from the Time when such Cause of Action arose.

Direction* for the Difi»ir'uu(>n of the Efl\£U of insolvent Persons,

Certificate of the Court to be a Bar to Suits for Debt prior to the Declaration of Insolvency.

Suits, where the Cause shall aiife before Aug. t, '179;, to be commenced within six Years,

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Chief Justice, or any Person or Persons appointed by him for that Purpose, under his Hand and Seal, foail have Power to grant Administration of the Effects of Intestates, and the Probate of Wills; and that the Effects of deceased Persons shall not be administered within the Island of Newfoundland, or on the Islands and Seas aforesaid, or on the Banks of Newfoundland, unless Ad-niinistration thereof, or Probate of Wills icspecting the same, shall have been duly granted by such Authority as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, In Atl for establishing Courts of Judicature in ihe Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent, for a limited Time, which Act was to have continued in Force to the tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and continue in Force until the Opening of the Supreme Court instituted by virtue of this Act, and no longer; and every Suit or Complaint which shall at that Time be depending in the said Court of Civil Jurisdiction, shall and may be proceeded upon in the said Supreme Court, in the same Manner as any Suit or Complaint originally commenced in the said Supreme Court.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Court in the Island of Newfoundland, or Islands aforesaid, (except the Supreme Court, and the Surrogate Courts appointed by virtue of this Act,) to hold Plea of any Suit or Complaint of a Civil Nature, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, That the Court of Vice Admiralty having Jurisdiction in the said Island, shall and may hold Plea of Maritime causes, (except on)y the Wages of Seamen and Fishermen, which are to be heard and determined in Manner herein after directed,) and causes of the Revenue, as heretofore practised and used: Provided also, That all Disputes which shall arise concerning the Wages of any Seaman or Fisherman, and all Offences which shall be committed by any Hirer or Employer of such Seaman or Fisherman, aeainst this or any other Act, relating to the Island of Newfoundland, or the Islands and Seas aforesaid, or the Fishery thereof, shall and may be heard and determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby incurred shall and may be recovered in the Court of Sessions, or before any two Justices of the Peace.

Chief Justice may grant Ad-n ir.ilUation, &c.

31 Geo. III. Cap. 46. continued till the Opfning of the Supreme Court.

No Court, except the Supreme and Sur» rogate Court*, to hold Pleas of a Civil Nature.

Vice Admiralty Court may hold Plea of Maritime causes, (except for Wages,) *nd causes of P.e-

*enue, Disputes respetling Wages of Seamen, &c, may be heard in the Court of Sessions, or before two Justices.

47°

Suits for Debt*

n» exceeding 40«. may re detent.ined in a fumirury Way, &c.

Chief Justice to frt'l * Form? of Prnccfj, and appoint the Fet s to nr taken in the Cooits, &c.

Fees in Surrogate Courts to be accounted for in the Supreme Court.

For the Recovery and Application of Tenuities.

C. 76, 77. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court of Session, in a summary Way, to hear and determine all Suits for the Payment of Debts not exceeding forty Shillings, and not contracted more than one Year before the Commencement of such Suits respectively; and it shall be lawful for the Court of Session, or such two Justices respectively, to award Cods therein; and such Determination and Award shall be final, and shall be carried into Execution by Attachment and Sale of the Goods and Eftedlsof the Party against whom the Determination was made.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Chief Justice to settle such Forms of Process, and such Rules of Practice and Proceeding, for the Conduct of all Pleas, Suits, and Complaints, and for the Dispaich of the Hufiness of the said Supreme Court, and Surrogate Courts, and of the Business in the Courts of Session, or before any one or more Justices of the Peace respectively, and to appoint such reasonable Fees to be taken for the Conduit and Dispatch of Pleas, Suits, Complaints, and other Business as aforesaid, and for the granting Administration of the Effects of Intestates, and for the Probate of Wills, as shall seem necessary and proper for expediting Matters with the most Convenience and least Expence to the Parties concerned therein; and such Process, and Rules of Practice and Proceeding, shall be followed and obeyed; and such Fees shall be paid accordingly, and no other; and that all such Fees received in any Surrogate Court shall be paid and accounted for by the Surrogate in the said Supreme Court; and that it shall be lawful for the said Chief Justice, and he is hereby required, to settle and limit what Fees and Poundage shall be taken by the Sheriff of Newfoundland^ and the same shall be taken, and none other.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by any Act of Parliament made, or which shall hereafter be made, relating to the Island of Newfoundland^ or the Fishery thereof, may be recovered in a summary Way in the said Supreme Court, or in any Surrogate Court; and every Penalty and Forfeiture of the Sum of ten Pounds or under, may be recovered in the Court of Session, or be-foie any one or more Justices of the Peace; and all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed, paid, or levied in any Surrogate Court*, or in any Court of Session, or before any one or more Justices of the Peace, shall be forthwith estreated, and paid into the said Supreme Court by the Surrogate, or by the Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, before whom they were recovered; and it shall be lawful for the said Supreme Court to issue Process for better compelling such Justices and Surrogates to bring to account all Monies which ought to be so paid and accounted for as aforesaid; and all Money arising from such Fees, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall be applied and appropriated towards defraying the Expence of carrying tills Act into Execution.

---

[Limitation of Actions.]

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after the Matter or Thing done;

[General Issue.]

and the Defendant in such Suit or Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon;

[Treble Costs.]

and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant has appeared, or if Judgement shall be given, upon any Verdict or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

[Continuance of this Act.]

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force until the tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for further settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Heirs Male of the Body of the late Lord Rodney, to whom the Barony of Rodney shall descend, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said late Lord Rodney to his Majesty and the Publick.

[17th June 1793.]

"23 Geo. III. Cap. 86. recited. On the Determination of the Annuity granted by the said Act, a like Annuity to be paid every succeeding Heir Male of Lord Rodney, to whom the Title shall descend. The Possessors of the Annuity may assign Jointures thereout. Treasury to direct Debentures to be made out at the Exchequer for Payment of the Annuity, without Charges. Warrant for Annuity not determinable at the Demise of his Majesty, &c. No Fees to be taken. Receipt of the Heir Male to be a Discharge. Annuity free from Taxes. Officers of the Exchequer may be sued for Neglect. Annuity not to be encumbered."

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 78. 471

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to enable his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales, to make Leases, Copies and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his said Royal Highness's Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

[17th June 1793.]

---

WHEREAS his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales now (lands seized of the Duchy of Cornwall) and the Possessions thereof, of an Estate of Inheritance under a special Form of Limitation, differing from the ordinary Rutes of Inheritance at Common Law, whereupon some Questions may grow, what Estates in the same the said most excellent Prince may legally grant, and whether Leases and Grants made by his said Royal Highness of any Manors, Offices, Lands, Tithes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Parcel of the said Duchy, or annexed to the same, will be good and effectual in Law longer than for the Life of his said Royal Highness; for avoiding of which Doubt, and for the Ease and Quiet of the Minds of x such Persons as have taken, or hereafter shall take, Leases or Grants from the said Prince, and to the End 4 -that such Persons may be lure to have good and indefeazible Etlates, and be encouraged to lay out Monies in building and repairing, or otherwise improving, the several Lands and Tenements to them demised or granted, and to be demiled or granted be it enacted by the King's moil:Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Leases or Grants made or to be made by his said Royal Highness, by Letters Patent, or Indentures, under the Great or Privy Seal of his said Royal Highnefe,;pr by Copy of Court Roll, of any Manors, Offices, Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tithes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Parcel of the Possessions of the said Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, shall be good and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and Contents of the said Leases or Grants, -against: his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and against his said Royal Highness, and his Heirs, and against all and every Person and Persons who shall or may inherit or succeed to the said Duchy, according to the said Limitation, or otherwise.

II. Provided always, That every such Lease or Grant, so made or to be made, of any Manors, Offices, Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tithes, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Possession, be, and shall be made for three Lives, or fewer, or for thirty-one Years or under, or for some Term of Years determinable upon one, two, or three Lives, and not above; and if such Lease or Grant be made in Reversion or Expectancy, that then the same, together with the Estates in Possession, do not exceed three Lives, or the Term of thirty-one Years, and be not in anywise difpunishable of Waste, and so as upon every such Lease or Grant there be or shall be reserved the aiKient or most usual Rent, or more, or such Rent as hath been reserved, yielded, or paid for such of the Premises as are or shall be contained therein for the greater Part of twenty Years next before the making of the said Leases or Grants, and shall be reserved due and payable to such as have the Inheritance or other Estate of the said Duchy, and where no such Rent hath been reserved or payable, that then upon every such Lease or Grant there be or shall be reserved a reasonable Rent, not being under the twentieth Part of the clear yearly Value of the Manors, Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tithes, Tenements, or Hereditaments contained in such Lease or Grant.

III. And whereas various Applications have been made to his said Royal Highness, as well by the Tenants of the said Duchy of Cornwall, as by other Persons, for Grants of certain Parts of the said Duchy for such Term of Years as would enable the Lessees to erect substantial Buildings thereon, and to improve the Waste Lands of the said Duchy, which it is alleged cannot be undertaken by the Lessees,

unless they are secured by a longer Iriterefl in the Premises than thirty-one Years, or a Term of Years determinable upon three Lives \ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his said Royal Highness, and his said Royal Highness is hereby empowered to make Leases and Grants, by Letters Patent or Indentures under the Great or Privy Seal of his said Royal Highness, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Parcel of the Possessions of the said Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, for any Term of Years not exceeding the Term of ninety-nine Years, expressly for the Purpose of improving the same, by erecting substantial Buildings thereon, or for the Purpose of improving Waste Lands by Cultivation, or otherwise: ^Provided, That upon all such Leases or Grants so to be made, improved Annual Ground Rents be reserved and made payable to his said Royal Highness, or to such as shall have the Inheritance or other Estate of the said Duchy; and that in all such Cases of Leases or Grants so to be made for Terms exceeding thirty-one Years, or exceeding the usual Term determinable upon three Lives, no Fines or other Confederations be taken by his said Royal Highness, further or other than the improved Annual Ground Rents hereby directed to be reserved as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Covenants, Conditions, Reservations, and Agreements contained in every such Lease or Grant, made or to be made as aforesaid, shall be good and effectual in Law, according to the Words and Contents of the same, as well for and against them to whom the Reversion of the said Manors, Offices, Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tithes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall come, as for and against them to whom the Intereil of such Leases or Grams shall come respectively, as if his said Royal Highness the Prince, at the Time of making such Covenants, Conditions, Reservations, and

Grants of the Prince of Wales* of Manors,& :. in the Duchy of Cornwall, to be effectual in Law, according to 1 heir Purport.

Terms upon which such Grants are to be made.

The Prince may grant Leases for 99 Years npo.n Annual Ground Rents, for Building, or for improving

Vv'afteJ.

For Gnnfs exceeding 3 t Years, 00 Fines :o be taken.

Agreements in Gra* t$ to be ef-in Law, according to their Concents*

4.72 C. 78 - 8o» Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A*p..ifgfr

Agreements, had been or were seized of an absolute Estate in Fee Simple, in the dame Manors, Offices* Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tithes, Tenements, or Hereditaments.

General Saving. V. Saving always to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs and > Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, (other than his foid Majesty, his Hein and Successbts*

and other than his said Royal Highness the Prince, and his Heirs and all and every Person and Person&thac shall hereafter have, inherit, and enjoy the said Duchy of Cornwaubv force of any Act of Parliament, or other Limitation whatsoeveF,) all such Rights, Titles, Estates, Customs, Interests, Tenures, Terms, Claims; and Demands whatsoever, of what Nature, Kind, or Quality soever, of, in, to, or out of the said Manors, Offices, Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tithes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any of them. Parcel of or annexed to the said Duchy of Cornwall, as they or any of them had, or ought to have had, before the making of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, and in as large and ample Manner and Form as if this Act had never been made, this Act, or any Thing herein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act requiring and authorizing Charles Gilbert, Esquire, Treasurer of the Eastern Division, and the Reverend Francis Tutte, the legal Representative of Randolph Tutte deceased, late Treasurer of the Western Division of the County of Sussex to pay certain Sums of Money received by them the said Treasurers, or either of them, on Account of the not raising the Militia of the said County, into the publick Stocks of the said Divisions, to be applied as therein is directed; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[11th June 1795.]

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation, at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames at or near Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal.

[30th April 1793.]

WHEREAS it is practicable to make and maintain a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Barges,

and other Vessels, from the present Oxford Canal, in the Parish of Braunston, in the County of Northampton, through, by, or near the Towns of Daventry, Newport Pagnelly Leighton Buzxardy Rick- mansworth, and Uxbridge, in the several Counties of Northampton, Buckingham, Bedford, Hertford, and Middlesex, to unite with the River Thames at or near Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also certain Collateral Cuts herein after described, to communicate with the said intended Canal, which said Canal and Collateral Cuts will open a certain Communication for the cheap and easy Conveyance of Goods,

Wares, Provisions, and Merchandize, and all heavy Commodities, between the Irish and British Channels.

and the Ports of Hull and London, and the several intermediate, populous, and manufacturing Towns and Places through, and by Means of, several Canals already made in this Kingdom, whereby the Intercourse of Trade and Commerce between the several Places aforesaid will be greatly promoted and facilitated,

Manufactures encouraged and increased, and the Agriculture of the Country, throughout the Line and Neighbourhood of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, materially assisted, by being supplied with Lime and other Manure at a moderate Expence, and will tend very much to reduce the Price of Coals throughout the whole Line and Neighbourhood of the said Canal and Cuts, and will be in other Respects of great publick Utility; but the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament :* May it therefore -please your Majesty that it may be enacted,

Proprietors named, and Power given them to make a Canal, to be called The Grandjfunflton Canal\ from the Oxford Canal, in the Parish of Braunston, through Drayton, Daventry, WeltOn, Thrutpy Long Buckby,

Wftilton, Norton, Brockhall, Dodford, Weedon Beck, Stowe, Lower Heyford, Bugbrooky Gaytony Blifworthy Stoke Bruerny Roady Grafton Regts, Yardley Gobyon, Furtho, and Cofcrove, in the County of Northampton;

Woolverton, Bradwelly Stantonbury, Great Linford. Newport Pa^nelly Willeny Little Woolftony Great tVool-4< Jlony Woughtony Simpfony Fenny Stratford, Water Eaton, Stoke Hammond, Soulbury, Linjlade% Gfovey Slap- tony Hortony Ivinghoey Pightlejlhorny Cheddington, and Marfworthy in the County of Buckingham; Leigh- ton Buzzardy in the County of Bedford; Tring, Aldbury, North Church, Great Berkhampstead, Bovingdon, Hemel Hampstead, Abbots Langley, King's Langley, Watford, and Rickmansworth, in the County of Hert- ford v Denham, in the County of Buckingham; and Harefield, Uxbridge, Cowley, Htllingdony Drayton* Har- lington, Hayes, Southally HeJlony Norwood, HanwelLlfleworthy and Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, to unite with the River Thames at the Place where the Eastern Branch of the River Brent is received by the River Thames: and to make a Collateral Cut to branch from the said intended Canal in the Panrish of Daventry, to the North-east End of the Town of Daventry; and also another Collateral Cufc to branch from the said Canal, in the Parish of Gaytony through Gaytony Rothers Thorpey Wootton Hardingftoney Dufiony and Northampton to join the present Navigation of the River Nen there; and also another Collateral Cut, to branch from the said Canal, in the Parish of Cofgrovey to the Turnpike Road leading to London at Old Stratford; and also another Collateral Cut from the said Canal, in the Parish of Rickmarf- worthy to the Town of Watford* Houses* Gardens, lie* not to be injured, except a Rick Yard and Orchard

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 80. 473

"in the Parish of Hillingdon, the Property of Fish Be Burghs Esquire, in the Occupation of

Joseph Allen; an Orchard in the same Parish, the Property of----- Williams, in the Occupation

of Francis Mattinley; an Orchard in the same Parish, the Property of William Green hilly in the a Occupation of Charles We/l3 a Messuage in Fenny Stratford, the Property, and in the Occu-<c pation of John Welchman; two Cottages in Fenny Stratford aforesaid, the Property, and in the Occupation of—:-----Mayn\ and also one other Cottage in Fenny Stratford aforesaid, the Property of

James^ucasy which are meant to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act. The Company not to lay. Elarth on the Inclosures in Stoke Bruern. The Grounds to be taken for the Canal and Col- lateral Cuts, and for the Towing Paths thereto, and the Ditches and Fences to separate such Towing Paths from the adjoining Lands, mall not exceed twenty Yards in Breadth, except in such Places where any'Docks, Basons, Reservoirs, or Pens of Water, shall be made, or where the Canal and Collateral *4 Cuts shall be raised higher or cut above five Feet deeper than the present Surface of the Land, and except in such Places where it shall be judged necessary for Boats to turn, lie, or pass each other, or where any <4 Warehouses, Cranes, or Weigh Beams, may be erected, of where any Wharfs may be appropriated for 41 the Reception of any Coals, Cime, Timber, or other Goods and Merchandizes, which shall be conveyed on the Navigation, nor in any Place more than forty* five Yards in Breadth. Line of the Canal to be *4 guided by Plans and Books of Reference. No Deviation of more than one hundred Yards, from the Plans and Books of Reference, shall be made without the Content of the Land Owners. No Towing 44 Path to be made North-west of the Canal in Welton. No Building to be erected on the Towing Paths,

*4< except for the Navigation. Bodies Politick impowered to tell and convey Lands. Lands separated into *4 small Parcels may be exchanged or fold. Contrafts and Sales to be made at the Expence of the Company. If Parties cannot agree, the Price to be settled by the Commissioners or a Jury. Yearly Rents to be charged on the Rates; or, if not paid, the Company's Boats, may be teized or distrained upon for the same. Every Person seized, or entitled in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, of or in a Freehold or Copyhold Estate, situate within the Counties of Northampton, Buckingham, Bedford, Hert-x% ford, and Middlesex, of the clear yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, and also the eldest Son or Heir Apparent of every Person having such Estate, of the clear yearly Value of five hundred Pounds, and also every 4< Person residing within any of the said Counties, and having a personal Estate, or real and personal Estate together, of the Value of three thousand Pounds, are appointed Commissioners for settling and adjusting 4C all Questions and Differences which may arise between the Company of Proprietors and the several Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, Mills, Mines, Waters, or Premites, which may be taken, used, af- fefted, or prejudiced by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted. Commissioners not to act where interested, and to take an Oath. Commissioners acting not being qualified, shall forfeit 100l. and Costs of Suit. Commissioners may act as Justices of the Peace; but not as a Commissioner whilst they hold any Place of Profit under the Act. Proceedings of the Commissioners to be entered. General Meetings of the Commissioners appointed. Meetings to determine Disputes, &c. to be held within ten Miles of the Canal. Commissioners shall fix the Price of Lands. If Parties are dissatisfied with the Dc- termination of the Commissioners, Value to be ascertained by a Jury. Verdict of the Jury, &c. to be final. If Parties are unable or unwilling to treat, a Jury to ascertain the Value. Directions given for defraying the Expences of Commissioners, Witnesses, and Jury. Persons requesting Juries to enter into Bonds to prosecute. Notice of Injury to be given to the Proprietors before Complaint to the Commissioners. Sheriffs or other Persons making Default, subject to Penalties. Compensation to be made for 41 Tithes. Verdict for Value of Lands and Damages to be ascertained separately. Power toenter and take Possession of Lands, &V. on Payment or Tender of Purchase Money. Verdicts to be recorded. Power to provide Warehouses at a Distance from the Canal. Company obliged to purchase small Pieces of Land separated in making the Canal. Purchase Money belonging to Corporations, £sfr. to be laid out to the same Uses. Commissioners to settle the Proportion of the Money to be paid to the several Persons interested. Line of the Canal in Ojlerly Lands prescribed. No Water to be taken from, or Works erected within Ojlerly Lands, or the Lands of John Robinson, Esquire, the Duke of North umberlandy or fames Clitherow, Esquire. Land Owners may become Proprietors if they desire it. Leflces may become Proprietors where Land Owners decline it. Reservoirs to be provided for supplying the Rivers Gade, Colne,

and Bulborney with as much Water as shall be taken for the Use of the Canal. An equal Quantity of Water to be returned to the River Brent as shall be taken from it. Waste Water from the Summit at Marjworth to be conveyed Southwardly. Millers not unnecessarily to draw down the Water of their Mill Streams to the Prejudice of the Navigation. If the Company deepen any Streams, they shall make good the Damage the Occupier of any Mill thereon shall sustain. Company to divert the Water from Mill Streams for rebuilding or repairing any Mill. Navigation of the Brent not to be impeded. To 44 prevent Injury to the Mills of Bax and Company. No Injury to be done to the Pipes and aqueducts for supplying Uxbridge and Hillingdon with Water. The Canal to be carried by aqueducts across the River Colne, between the Point and Uxbridge. Surplus Wages below Uxbridge and the Brent, to be conveyed into Cranford Brook. Notices and Restrictions respecting Cow Moor and Uxbridge Moor. Canal not to communicate with the Colne below Uxbridge. A Tumbling Bay to be erected upon the Colne above the

Point. Claute to prevent Mr. Hanmer*s Mill from Injury. Soil of the Lands to be laid at a Distance from Materials for making the Canal. Not to diminish the Water of the Thames and Ijts above Dzrcbef- ter Bridge* Company enabled to raise 500,000l. If not sufficient, the Company may raise a further Sum of 100,000l. among themselves; or by Mortgage. Interest to be paid in Preference to Dividends.

Five per Cent. to be paid to the Proprietors till the Works are completed. Subscribers to.have a Vote for

474 C. 80. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

every Share, by themselves or Proxies, not exceeding ten Shares but not to have more than ten Votes,r

nor act as Proxy for more than five Shares. The first, and other General Assemblies, appointed*.. General Aftembbes for chusing Committees, to confilt of one thousand Shares. Assembly of Proprietors may,

be specially convened. General Assembly to elect and appoint Officers, and take Security from them*

Powers of the Committee, and Regulations respecting the same. Committee to make Calls, and appoint Officeis, and make Contracts. Shares may be forfeited; but no Advantage to be taken of Forfeiture without personal Notice. On the Death of Subscribers before Share completed, Executors may do it*

Sharts may be fold. After a Call, no Share to be sold until the Money shall be paid. Regulations as to the Acquisition of Shares, by Marriage, or Will, or in Course of Administration. Names of Proprietors

to be entered, and Tickets of their Shares delivered to them. The following Rates of Tonnage may be taken: For all Lime and Limestone, one Farthing per Ton per Mile: For all Cattle, Sheep, Swine, and other Beasts, and all Flint and other Stones, and ail Bricks, I iles, Slate, Sand, and Fullers Earth, and act 4; Ironstone, Pig Iron, and Pig Lead, and all Kinds of Manure, (except Lime,) one Halfpennyper Ton per Mile: For all Coal and Coice, three Farthings per Ton per Mile: For all other Goods, Wares, Merr 4i chandize, and Things whatsoever, one Penny per Ton per Mile. Proportion of a Mile to be taken as Mile. Directions for Recovery of Rates. Rates may be altered. None of the Rates shall be demanded,

or taken, for any Officers or Soldiers upon their March, or any Horses, Arms, or Baggage, belonging to f 44 tl>erti, or for any Timber provided for the Use of his Majesty's Navy, or any Stores belonging to his Majesty's Naval or Military Service; and none of the said Rates shall be demanded or taken for any Gravel,

Sand, or other Materials to be employed for the Purpose only of making or repairing of any publick Roads, provided the same do not pass any Lock, but at such Time when the Water shall flow over the waste Weir of such Lock. Further Allowance to be paid for Goods remaining upon a Wharf for a 44 longer Space than twenty four Hours. Company empowered to lease the Rates. Mailers of Boats to give an Account of their Lading. What Quantities of Timber and light Goods shall he deemed aTon.

In case of Difference Concerning the Weight, Collector may weigh them. Power given to fix the Price of small Parcels. Navigation to be free upon Payment of the Rates under certain Restrictions, Drains to be made to convey Water from the Lands adjoining; and Watering Places for Cattle. Directions or fencing oft' Towing Paths. Swivel or Draw- Bridges to be shut after Vessels passed. If Company do not fence of T Towing Paths, and make Bridges, iffc. Land Owners may do it at Company's Expence. If Bridges, &c. made by the Company are inefficient, Land Owners may make others at their own Exr pence. Works damaged by Floods, to be repaired by the Company. The Company enabled to cleanse the adjoining Watercourses at the Land Owner's Expence. Lords of Manors and Land Owners may erect Wharfs, &c. But if not done within a certain Time, Proprietors may build. Regulations as to private Wharfs. Company of Proprietors or others not to use, exclusively, private Wharfs. Mailers to put

their Names on the outside of Boats. Weight of the Lading of Vessels to be marked. Boat Owners to be accountable for Damages done by the Boatmen. Masters to recover from their Servants any Sums for their Defaults. Places to be made for Boats to turn or lie in, or for other Boats to pass* Vessels ob- flruding the Navigation to be removed, and Vessels sunk to be weighed up. Penalty on Persons over- loading and obstructing the Passage of the said Canal, &<:. Penalty on Persons opening the Locks, or doing other Damage to the Navigation. Penalty on destroying the Works. Regulations of Vessels passing the Locks. Lock Keepers not to give Preference. Vessels passing Locks with less than thirty Tons, to pay for thirty Tons. Canal not to be under the Power of Commissioners of Sewers. Allowing Land Owners to carry Manure Toll-free. Rights of Lords of Manors and Land Owners to the Fishery preserved. Power for Land Owners to use Pleasure Boats. Stones to be erected every Quarter

of a Mile. Mines reserved to Lords of Manors or other Proprietors. Power to make Rollers or in- dined Planes, £sV. Cuts may be made to Mines with Consent of Land Owners. Subscribers coni- pelled to pay their Subscriptions. Canal may be made through Mrs. Seai'e's Pleasure Grounds under cerr tain Restrictions. F?o Lock to be erected within a Mile of Mrs. Scarfs Land at Bulbowne without hejr Consent. No Injury to be done to the Mills of the Honourable Mrs. Leigh. Majority of the Proprietors may make future Applications to Parliament for Power to open other Communications with the Canal.

Certain Rates to be taken by the Oxford Canal Company for Articles passing to and from the intended Canal. If those Rates fall short of a certain Amount in any Year, then the Proprietors of the intended Canal to make good the Deficiency. Oxford Canal Company to keep Account of those Rates, and per-#t mit the same to be inspected. Oxford Canal Company to keep their Canal in good Condition from the Commencement to the Junction with the intended Canal. Rights of the Oxford Canal Company t9 44 other Rates saved. The Payments to be made to the Corporation of London, over and above the Rates they are now entitled to The said Rate to die Corporation of London to be made up by the Company to a certain Annual Amount. Recovery of the Annual Payments by the Corporation of London. Rights of the Corporation of London, as Conservator of the Thames and Medway, saved. No Coals to be conveyed towards London nearer than the Mouth of the Tunnel at Langley Bury. Recovery of Fines and Forfeitures. Persons aggrieved by Irregularity in Distress to recover only the special Damages. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions. Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form, nor removed by Certiorari. Limitation of Actions. General Issue. Treble Costs. Publick Act*"

---

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 81 - 90. 475

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to amend an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines, for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines, within the Isle of Anglesey.

[17th June 1793.]

"26 Geo. III. Cap. 104. recited. The whole Amount of the Drawback encreased from 1,500l. to 2,500l."

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching Haydon Square, the New Square, Haydon Yard, Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise the Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Passages therein, or leading thereto, in the Parish of Trinity otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minories, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for the better lighting, cleansing, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments within the same.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley, Batley, Birstall, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkbarton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for supplying the Towns of Plymouth Dock, Stoke Damarel, Stonehouse, and the Parts adjacent in the County of Devon, with Water.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, one made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for enlarging the Church Yard or Cemetery of the Parish Church of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for paving and repairing certain Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, in the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex; and for paving and regulating such Parts of Old Cock Lane, and York Street, as are in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and publick Places, within such Part of the Parish of Walcot, in the County of Somerset, as is not within the Circuit, Precinct, and Jurisdiction of the City of Bath, in the same County; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions; and for establishing a proper and effective Police therein; and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Basket Men, and Basket Women, within the said City of Bath, and at a certain Distance thereof.

CAP. XC.

An Act for making a new Street from Saint George's Road in the Parish of Christchurch in the County of Surrey, through Holland's Leagure, into and across The Green Walk, and from thence into Gravel Lane,

476 C. 90 - 102. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

An Act for making a new Street from Saint George's Road in the Parish of Christchurch in the County of Surrey, through Holland's Leagure, into and across The Green Walk, and from thence into Gravel Lane, in the said Parish; and for discontinuing as a publick Highway Part of a Street called The Upper Ground Street, in the said Parish.

CAP. XCI.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester; and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal.

CAP. XCII.

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk; and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between, the Town of Chelmsford, or some Part of the Parish of Springfield, in the County of Essex, and a Place called Collier's Reach, in or near the River Blackwater, in the said County.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or nearly from the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge; and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Cropwell Butler, to the Town of Bingham, both in the County of Nottingham.

CAP. XCV.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Glamorganshire Canal, to or near the Village of Aberdare, in the County of Glamorgan; and for making and maintaining a Rail Way or Stone Road from thence to or near Abernant, in the Parish of Cadoxtone juxta Neath, in the said County.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Brecknock to the Monmouthshire Canal, near the Town of Pontypool, in the County of Monmouth; and for making and maintaining Rail Ways and Stone Roads from such Canal to several Iron Works and Mines in the Counties of Brecknock and Monmouth.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at or near the City of Gloucester, into a Place called Berkeley Pill, in the Parish of Berkeley; and also a Cut to or near the Town of Berkeley, in the County of Gloucester.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from the Town of Leicester to communicate with the River Nen, in or near the Town of Northampton, and also a certain Collateral Cut from the said Navigation.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication from the Junction of the River Foss with the River Ouse, at or near the City of York, to Stillington Mill, in the Parish of Stillington, in the North Riding of the County of York; and for draining and improving certain Low Lands lying on each Side of the said River Foss.

CAP. C.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for erecting Piers in, and for repairing and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Littlehampton, called Arundel Port, in the County of Sussex; and for impowering the Commissioners acting under the said Act to improve the Navigation of the River Arun, from the said Harbour to the Town of Arundel, in the said County.

CAP. CI.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of All Saints within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for purchasing Land for the Purpose of a Church Yard for the Use of the said Parish.

CAP. CII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Trent, at or near Swarkstone Bridge, to and through the Borough of Derby, to Little Eaton, with a Cut out of the said Canal in or near the said Borough, to join the Erewash Canal near Sandiacre, and for making Rail Ways from such Canal to several Collieries in the Parishes or Liberties of Denby, Horsley, and Smalley, all in the County of Derby.

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 103 - 116. 477

CAP. CIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Melton Mowbray Navigation, in the County of Leicester, to Oakham, in the County of Rutland.

CAP. CIV.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Loch Gilp, to Loch Crinan, in the Shire of Argyll.

CAP. CV.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from a Place called Hammerside Hill in the Parish of Ulverstone, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to a Place called Weint End, near the Town of Ulverstone aforesaid.

CAP. CVI.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near Bubwith Ferry, in the East Riding of the County of York, and making proper Approaches thereto.

CAP. CVII.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canals at or near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg; and also another Navigable Branch from, at, or near Gale Moss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster; and also for making a Navigable Branch from the said Canal, at or near Galgate, to Glasson Dock, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for draining, dividing, inclosing, and improving all the Moor Lands in the Townships of Rednest and Swinefleet, in the Parish of Whitgift, in the West Riding of the County of York.

CAP. CIX.

An Act for draining, preserving, and improving certain Lands, lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (including the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill) Weston, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbech, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Button, all in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

CAP. CX.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Caller, in the Township of Warmfield cum Heath, to or near the Town of Barnsley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, in the Township of Cawthorne, in the West Riding of the County of York; and certain Railways, and other Roads to communicate therewith.

CAP. CXI.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Collieries at Shipley and Westhallam, in the County of Derby, to the Erewash Canal, in the Parish of Stanton by Dale, in the said County.

CAP. CXII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation, in the Parish of King's Norton, into the Borough of Stratford upon Avon; and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the North End of the Shropshire Canal, in the Township of Rockwardine Wood, in the County of Salop, to the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Ancholme, in the Parish of South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, into the Parish of Caistor, in the said County.

CAP. CXV.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, in the Township of Swinton, to or near the Town of Barnsley, in the Parish of Silkstone, in the West Riding of the County of York; and certain Collateral Cuts branching out of the said Canal.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act for embanking and draining certain Salt Marshes and Low Lands within the several Parishes of Spalding, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbech, and Gedney, in the County of Lincoln; and for preventing the same

478 C. 116 - 127. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Marshes and Lands from being overflowed with the Sea, and for altering an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Marshes, Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Gedney and Hamlet thereof, called Gedney Fen, in the County of Lincoln.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, at or near Stainforth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, and also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal to join the said River Dun, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act for making effectual the Statute Labour in the Shire of Inverness; and for levying Conversion Money in lieu of Labour; and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing Highways and Bridges in the said Shire; and for improving, widening, and lighting the Streets within the Royal Burgh of Inverness.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to vary and extend the Line of the Canal authorized to be made by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Hereford to the City of Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the same to the Town of Newent, in the County of Gloucester, and to amend the said Act.

CAP. CXX.

An Act for making effectual the Statute Labour, and for levying Conversion Money in lieu of Labour in certain cases, and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing High Roads and Bridges in the Coupty of Caithness.

CAP. CXXI.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal now making at or near Selly Oat, in the said County; and also certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith.

CAP. CXXII.

An Act for erecting and making a Pier and Harbour in the Cove of Trevaunance, in the Parish of Saint Agnes, in the County of Cornwall.

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act for enlarging, deepening,-cleansing, improving and regulating the Harbour of Carnarvon, in the County of Carnarvon.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act for rebuilding the Tron Church of the City of Glasgow; for opening certain Streets; for removing Obstructions in the Trongate Street; for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, opposite to the Salt Market Street; for regulating the Weight and Measure of Coals, and the Mode of carrying Wood and Timber on the Streets of the said City; for enlarging the Gaol or Tolbooth there; and for selling Part of the High or Calton Green, and also the Glebe belonging to the Inner High Church, and Parish of Glasgow.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act for enlarging, deepening, cleansing, improving, and regulating, the Harbour of Amlwch, in the Isle of Anglesey.

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act for amending an Act made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Blything, in the County of Suffolk, and for granting some further Powers and Provisions for carrying the same more effectually into Execution.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir William Harpur Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of Charity, of the Town of Bedford; and for the better Management and Disposition of the said Estates, and the Rents and Profits thereof.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. tricesimo quarto.

'AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twenty-fifth Day of November, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; being the fourth Session of the seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.'

CAP. I.

An Act for raising the Sum of eleven Millions by Way of Annuities.

[20th February 1794.]

---

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved, that the Sum of eleven Millions be raised by Annuities, in Manner herein after mentioned / and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, tsV.

Every Contributor of 100l. to be entitled to an Annuity of 3l. per Annum on 100l. from January 41 1794; an Annuity of 1 /. on 25l. from October 10, 1793; and an Annuity of 11s. $d. for sixty-six Years three Months from the said October 10, to be paid Half-yearly out of the Consolidated Fund. Contri-tv butors who have made Deposits at the Bank may pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions by Instal- ments. Guardians may subscribe for Infants. Contributors to be allowed Discount for Subscriptions paid in Advance. Annuities to be paid Half-yearly, but not till Subscriptions are completed. Annuities payable at the Bank. The Bank to appoint a Cashier and Accountant General, and the Treasury to order Money to be paid to the Cashier. Cashier to pay Annuities without Delay, and the Accountant- General to inspect his Accounts. Cashier to give Receipts for Subscriptions, which may be assigned before December 10, 1794. Cashier to give Security, and to pay Money within five Days after received, into the Exchequer, A Book to be kept in the Accountant General's Office for entering Contributors' 44 Names, a Duplicate of which shall be transmitted to the Auditor of the Exchequer. Contributors duly paying their Subscriptions to be entitled to their Annuities free from Taxes. Subscriptions paid in Part, and not completed, to be forfeited. As soon as Subscriptions are completed, they may be transferred at the Bank. Annuities to be deemed Personal Estate. Treasury may apply the Money paid into the Exchequer. Accountant General to keep Books for registering Transfers. Stock may be deviled by Will, which must be entered with the Accountant General. Transfers not to be liable to Stamp-Duty. 44 Treasury to defray incidental Expences out of Contributions, and to allow Salaries to the Cashier and Accountant General. The 3 per Cents, under this Act to be added to the Joint Stock of the 3 per Cents.; and the per Cents, to the Joint Stock of per Cents. Annuities of us. $d. to be added to the Annuities for ninety-nine and ninety-eight Years. Annuities granted by this Act to be paid our of the Consolidated Fund. Persons counterfeiting Receipts for Contributions, &c. guilty of Felony. 44 The Bank to continue a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted cease. No Fee shall be taken for receiving Contributions, or paying or transferring Annuities, on Penalty of 20l. General Issue. Treble Costs."

The following additional Du:i>*» of Excise to be pa.dj viz.

480 C. 2. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

CAP. II.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, brewed or made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England.

[21st February 1794.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament Yy assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, and rraking such permanent Addition to the publick Revenue, as shall be adequate to the inc re a fed Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or nfts for that Purpose to be passed in this Sdlion of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty theleveral new and additional Rates and Duties herein after respectively mentioned ;* and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and bo it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with tnc Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prdent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Day on which this Act shall have received his Majesty's Royal Allent, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Matters and Things herein after mentioned, over and above all Duties already imposed for or in respect thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say,

of wlft nudeln For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash, which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Enghnd from Britain called England^ for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Cf*H, for Home Tilts, orany Mixture with the same, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, one Penny:

Confutrp i^n, id.

For every Gull n For every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other Wash or Liquor which shall be brewed or made as fromoiher British aforesaid, from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, (except such as are before mentioned,) or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, one Penny:

For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash, which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, one Penny Halfpenny:

For every Gallon of Wash which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid, from Foreign refused Wine or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, (except Melasses and Sugar,) or any Mixture therewith, forextracting Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, Two-pence:

For every ninety-lix Gallons of Wash which Sir William Bishop, Armies Bishop, and George Bijhcf of

mv,,mw..... Maidjhne, or the Survivor or Survivors of them, shall produce from a Weight of Malt or other Corn, in-

from niib. of eluding the Bi'an thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve Pounds, the Sum of two Shillings and Corn,21.Sd »qr. Eight-pence thiee Farthings, and to in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity of such Walh:

For every Gallon, English Wine Mealbrc, of Spiiits, of a Strength not exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ and imported or brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the Landing thereof, Five-pence Halfpenny: ported in o England, 3d *q

For every Gail n Ar.d for every Gallon, English) Wine Measure, of such Spirits, of a greater Strength than that of one

Strergth^lkc. a to ten cvcr Hydrometer Proof, and nof exceeding three per Centum over and above one to ten over prop /rti 'natead- Hydrometer Proof, an additional Duty in Proportion to the Surplus Strength, to be paid by the Importer ditiooal Duty. thereof before the Landing thereof.

Material;, id.:

For every Gallrn fro-n Melides or Sugar, id aq.t

For ev-ry Gallon f.om Foreign Materials, except Melatfes and S.-gar, ad.

For every 96 Gallons made by Mcflri. Fishop

For every Gallon, not exceeding 1 to 10 over Proof, made in Scotland, and im*

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissionera of Excise.

Wash made in England according to 28 George III. Cap. 46, for Expoitati n to Scotland, not li- able co Duty under Distillers delivering British Spirits after patting this Act, onCon-tract* made pre-viout thereto, may add what

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Engla?id\ shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wash which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, under and according to the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions of an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, forex-tracting Low Wines or Spirits for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be charged or chargeable with any Duty or Duties of Excise granted by this Act.

this Act.

IV. And whereas Standing Contrafts may have been made before the Day on which this Act shall have received his Majesty's Royal Assent by Distillers and Makers of Spirits, for British Spirits to be delivered after the Day on which this Act shall have received his Majesty's Royal Assent;' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Distillers and Makers of Spirits delivering such British Spirits after the Day on which this Act shall have received his Majesty's Royal Assent in pursuance of such Contrafts, shall be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 2, 3.

the Wort or Wash from whence such Spirits were extrabled or made, to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to be paid for the same accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the several new and additional Rates and Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted,) shall, from and after the pa (Ting of this Act, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Consolidated Fund.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising, or to aiife, of the several Rates or Duties hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created, or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed, or to be pa fled, in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt dif-tinbtly and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking aivay the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Ala] fly in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cases for which other Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act,) shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Excise Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing, deteding, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeituics, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-en2bted in this present Act.

CAP. III.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain.

[21st February 1794.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, and making such permanent Addition to the publick Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge cc- calioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new and additional Rates and Duties herein after respectively mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Day on which this Act shall have received his Majesty's Royal Assent, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Matters and Things herein after mentioned, over and above all Duties already imposed for or in respect thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For every Gallon of Single Brandy which shall be imported into Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer, before the landing thereof, Ten-pence:

For every Gallon of Brandy above Proof, which shall be imported into Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer, before the landing thereof, one Shilling and Eight-pence:

For every Gallon ot Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, of the Produce of the Britiftj Colonies or Plantations, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer, before the landing thereof, Eight-pence:

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer, before the landing thereof. One Shilling and Four-pence:

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which, on the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, shall be in any Ware-house in which the same shall have been put, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions,

481

will be equivalent CO'. hcDut.es.

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer, and caititd to the Consolidated Fund.

Duties to be applied in defraying any increas d Charge occasioned by any Loanof this Se/Tion, and for 10 Yea;s to be kepr separate from other Monies.

The Powers of 12 Car. II. Cap. 24, and of any other Law re-]alii g to the Excise, to euend to this Act.

The following additional Duties of Excise to be paid on imported Spirits.

For every Gallon of S.rg e Brandy, l OS,:

Fur every Gallon of Brandy above Proof, n 8d.: For every G JiJ 'n of Spirits of the Britishi Colonic1', $d:

For every Gallon of such Spirits above Proof, is. 4d.

For every Gallon of such Spirit* warehoused on Feb. 12, 1704, f

482 C. 3. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

tnd afterwards delivered, 8d.

For every Gallon

above f roof so warehoused, and delivered, ti.4<i.

For every Gallon of Single Spirits imported (other than as akre-fiid;, lod.j and, F«>r every Gallon above Proof,

I*. 8si.

and Provisions contained and provided in an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, concerning the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, befor* Payment of the Duties of Excise, and lodging the same in Warehouses, and which shall, from and after the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, be delivered out of any (uda Warehouse, Eight-pence, to be paid by the Importer upon Demand:

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, over Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which, on the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, shall be in any such Warehouse, and which shall, from and after the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, be delivered out of any such Warehouse, one Shilling and Four-pence, to be paid by the Importer, upon Demand:

For every Gallon of Single Spirits, or Aqua Vita, (other than such Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, as aforesaid,) which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer, before the landing thereof, Ten-pence:

For every Gallon of Spirits or Aqua Vita, (other than such Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, as aforesaid,) above Proof, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer, before the landing thereof, one Shilling and Eight-pence.

The additional Du-y on Spirits imported Irorn the British Colonies may be bonded. &c. M the present Duties.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excite. Additional Duties on Spirits of the British Colonies to be allowed on dipping them for Stores.

Persons delivering Foreign Spirits after Feb.

1794» Contrail* made previous thereto, may add an Equivalent to the Duties. Duties to be paid into the Fxche-quer, and carried to the Confuli-dated Fund,

Duties to be applied in defraying any iiweaf-cd Charge occasioned by any Loan of this Sc/fi >n, and for jo Years to be kept separate from other Mo* oiea.

The Powert of

IX. Car. 11. Cap. 04, and at any other Low relating to the Excise, to extend (0 this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed for or in respect of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua frtta, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, imported into this Kingdom, may be bonded and secured, and shall be paid and payable in such Manner only, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as the Rates and Duties of Excise heretofore charged for or in respect of such Rum, Spirits, or Aqua lrita, may be now bonded and secured, and are by Law paid and payable.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties*by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties by this Act imposed for or ift respect of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, shall be all lowed on the Shipping thereof as Stores to be spent and consumed on board* in any Voyage to Parts beyond' the Seas, in the same Manner as the former Duties imposed thereon now are or hereafter may be*directed to be allowed by Law.

V. And whereas Standing Contrafts may have been made before the said twelfth Day of February by Importers or Dealers in Foreign Spirits, for such Foreign Spirits to be delivered after the said twelfth Day of February \ be it therefor eenacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Importers and Dealers delivering such Foreign Spirits after the said twelfth Day of February, in pursuance of such Contrafts, shall be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of such Foreign Spirits, to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Adb to be paid for the same accordingly.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That alt the Monies, from Time to Timer arising by the several new and additional Rates and Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid; (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted,) shall, from and after the passing of this Act, from Tune to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster \ and the said Money so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising, or to arise; of the several Rates or Duties hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, {hah be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the inercafed Charge occalloned by any Loan made, or Stock created, or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed, or to be passed, in this Session of Parliament'; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt* shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, For* feitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intitutled. An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cases for which other Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act,) shall be practised, uied, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levvmgi

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 3, 4. 48$

collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Excise Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing, detesting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act*

CAP. IV.

An Act for making perpetual certain Duties on Foreign Spirits, and on Sugar, imported into Great Britain.

[21st February 1794.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of your Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act 1*

for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon IVorts, Wash, and other Liquors brewed or made

in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption \ upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England; and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain; and to continue certain Ants " for difeort- tinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon 4 IVortSyJVajhy and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty.

other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of British~made Spirits from.

England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England and to continue, for a limited Timey an Atly made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty^44 to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment:

of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitay.

imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, over and above all Duties then imposed for or in respect. '

thereof, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of F xcise therein mentioned and expressed;

and it was by the said Act further enacted, That all the Monies arising, or to arise, by the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act, and paid into the Receipt c>£ his Majesty's Exchequer, after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, should, together with such other Rates and Duties as Ihouiu be granted by any Act or Acts of the then Session of Parliament for that Purpose, be a f und for the Payment and Discharge of the Principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty three thousand Pounds, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of any Act of the same Session of Parliament, and which were raised by Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of an Act of the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raifvig a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Ex- Gc0# jjij chequer Bil sy for defraying the publick Expences occasioned by the Augmentation of his Majesty's Forces in the Cap. 49.

Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety, together with such Interest as should by the said Act be directed to be paid or made payable for the said Principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds; and that upon Payment of the Ltd Principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and all Incereft to become due thereon,

or reserving, at the said Receipt of Exchequer, so much Money out of the said Fund to be established as aforesaid, as should be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the said Principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and all interest as aforesaid, and Publication thereof in the Manner to be directed by the said Act of 4, the same Session of Parliament, the said Rates and Duties by the said recited Act impaled, should from thence- forth cease and determine, and be no longer paid os payable: And whereas by an Act, made in the thirty

third Year of your Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue certain Duties of Excfe on Foi cign Spirits 33 Geo. III.

imported into this Kingdom for a limited Time; and a Jo for continuing certain Laws oj Excise therein men- CaP* 593 M<i

tionedy the said additional Rates and Duties on F oreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, granted by the said first recited Act of the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, were continued until and upon the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and the Monies arising thereby, after having satisfied the said Principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and all interest to become due thereon, in the Manner in the said Act mentioned, were directed to be earned to, and made Part of, the Fund-called The ConJ'olidntedFund; and the same now remain fi,r the further Disposition of Parliament: And whereas by another ACT made in the thirty-first Year of your Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for 31 Geo. III.

granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on Sugar imported into this Kingdom^ it was enacted, That, from Cip. 15,recited- and after the eleventh Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, there should be raised,

levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above the Duties payable by Law on and immediately before the said eleventh Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, the additional Duty therein mentioned on Sugar&imporied or brought into Great Britain,

and not warehoused; and it was, by the said Act, further enacted, That, for certain Sorts of Sugar therein mentioned, there should he allowed, on Exportation thereof to the Expoiter, a certain Drawback therein mentioned; and it was also thereby further enacted, That all the Monies arising, or to anle, by the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act, and paid into the ReceiptN f his Majesty's Exchequer, after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, should, together with such other Rates and Duties as mould be granted by any Act or Acts of the then Session of Parham* nt for that Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment and Discharge of the several Principal Sumsofeight hundred thousand Pounds, and one million and thurty-three thousand Pounds, amounting to the Sum of onq million eight hundred and thirty-three

484.

The Duties imputed by the first recited Act on S|»iru*imp*Tted# tnd ih* Duties imposed ar d Drawbacks allowed on Sugar impored by the la ft, made pei -petual.

Such Part of the second rci ed AO as requ res the Treasury to issue Orders for the Determina-tion of Duties repealed.

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the Consoli-

dated Fund;

and to be applied in defraying anjr increased Charge occasioned by any Lean of this Session } and for IO Years to be kept separate from other Monies*

*3 Geo. III. C»p. 39.

C. 4, 5. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

thousand Pounds, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of any Act of the same Session of Parliament, (and which were raised by Exchequer Bills in pursuance of the said Act of the same Session of Parliament before mentioned,) together with such Interest as should by the said Act be directed to be paid or made payable, for the said Principal Sums of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one million and thitty- three thousand Pounds; and that, upon Payment of the said Principal Sums of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and all Interest tb become due thereon, or reserving at the said Receipt of Exchequer so much Money out of the said Fund, to be established as aforesaid, as should be fufneient to satisfy and discharge the said Principal Sums of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand Pounds, 2nd Interest as aforesaid, and Publication thereof in the Manner to be direckd by the said Act of the same Session of Parliament, the said Rates and Duties thereby imposed should from thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable :* We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies, and making such permanent Addition to the publick Revenue, as shall be adequate to the increak d Charge occasior.eo by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose to be pcifled in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to continue and make perpetual the several and respective Rates and Duties herein-before mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Duties of Ex-cife imposed by the said firfst recited Act, for and in respect of Brandy, Rum, Spirits, Aqua Fitet^ and also the said Duties imposed by the said last recited Act, for and in respect of Sugar imported as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby resptolively further continued and made perpetual, and shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heiis and Successors; and that the said Drawbacks allowed by the said last recited Act shall also be, and are hereby continued and made perpetual; any Thing in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: And the said Duties and Drawbacks hereby continued and made perpetual, shall severally and respectively be paid and allowed by and to such Persons, at such Times, and in such Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the said Duties were severally and respectively payable by Law, and the said Drawbacks were directed to be allowed under or by virtue of the said Acts, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Parts of the said second recited Act, for raising a Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, requiring the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to issue their or his Orders to the respective Commissioners of Excise, or to the Commissioners of Custotns for the Determination of any of the said Duties hereby continued and made perpetual, and all Directions for the Publication thereof, as far as the same relate to the said Duties, shall be, and are hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies, from Time to Time arising by the several Rates and Duties by this Act continued and made perpetual as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted,) shall, when and as the same respectively shall take Effect by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising, or toarife, from the said Rates and Duties, when and as the same respectively shall take Effect by virtue of this Act, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created, or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed, or to be passed, in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster^ diltinftly and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, a Book or Bocks, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties paid into the said Receipt shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

CAP. V.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

[21st. February 1794.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the 1 United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better car- tying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majestfs Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 5, 6, 7. 485

Untied States 5 which said Act has been continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the fifth Day of

April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four: And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth

Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty- 14 Geo. Jir,

third Year of his present Majesty, u for giving his Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Cq% 45.

Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of A rntrica,'*

to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect c So certain Articles therein mentioned\ the Powers given by the said recited Act were extended to the Trade

and Intercourse between this Kingdom ami the BritiJlj Colonies and Plantations in America, so far as the same might relate to Iron, Hemp, and Sail-cloth, and other Articles of the Produce of any Place bordering on the Baltic, which might be exported from this Kingdom; which said last mentioned Act has also, by several subsequent Acts, been continued until the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four:

And whereas it is expedient that the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so far only as the same extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between tins Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and also that the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign mould be further continued:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so faronjy as the same extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and that the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and all the Matters and Things therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and till the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Iron, Hemp, Sail-cloth, or other Articles of the Produce of any Place bordering on the Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this Kingdom, shall be exported from hence in any other Manner than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council; or if any Goods or Commodities whatever shall be imported from any of the Territories of the United States of America, into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, other than such as by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by virtue of this present Act, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, now are, or hereafter shall be permitted to be imported; or if any Goods or Commodities shall be imported from the Territories of the said United States of America into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, in any other Manner whatever than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in (o;ce, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Amer ca, and Council, the same shall determined by forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods or Commodities

shall respectively be exported or imported, and all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Ap- ,oooodi^mparted parel belonging thereto. from the'feState*

contrary to Law, to be forfeited.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act shall and may be How Forfeiture* sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof disposed of, paid, and applied in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of Custoras may now be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in the Places where respectively the Offence shall be committed; and that the Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, and applied in like Manner, in the said Places respectively; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April 4>ne thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and till the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

V# Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Part thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

23 Geo. III. Cap. 39, so ht as relates to tht Commerce between this Kingdom and tb« United 'tare* of America, and 24 Geo. III. Cap. 49, to continat in force till April 5, 1795,

Articles from any Place bordering on tht Baltic, which nay be exported from this Kingdom, if exported contrary to Law, and Goods imported from the United State* of

are to be recovered and applied*

Act to continae in force till Aprils, »795i

but may be repealed this session.

---

CAP. VI.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

[21st February 1794.]

CAP. VII.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

[21st February 1794.]

486 C. 8. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

[21st February 1794.]

---

ffreanrble; reciting that Lu.di f tmerljr liable to a double Assessment are now possessed by PrtcfUnt*, &c,

Where any P»-lish, &c.in consequrnce there, of, shall be rated at more than 4s in the Found,

Commissioner*, on CompUinr, to examine into ihcTruth thereof,

and to certify the f^me to the Ba^om of the Exchequer be-foie 291*11 Sept. *794 i

vho are to dtf-chsrgethe Overplus before the last L>-yof No?. 1754.

Certificate of the Sum. discharged to be

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, taking into our serious Consideration such Expences as are absolutely necessary for supporting your Majesty's Government, and being resolved to supply the Tame, have, for that End and Purpose, cheerfully and voluntarily given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant unto your Majesty the several and respective Rates and Assessments hereafter mentioned and we do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, fcfc* [45. in the £:]

CXIV. And whereas the Sums that were aliefled by virtue of an Act for the former Aid of four Shillings in the Pound, which was made and passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of their late Majjeftics King William and Queen Mary, do not only govern the Proportions let upon every County, City, Riding,

Town, or other Place hereby charged with a certain Sum in this Act set down and expressed, butare also to regulate the Proportions thereof in every Hundred and Division respectively, towards the said Sum of one million nine hundred eighty-nine thousand six hundred seventy-three Pounds seven Shillings and Ten-pence Farthing: And whereas, towards the Assessments which were made by virtue of the said Act. of the fourth Year of their said late Majestics Reign, several Lands, Tenements, Rents, or other Hereditaments, of Persons refusing or neglecting to take the Oaths therein contained, were afleiled to pay double the Rates therein expressed: And whereas it is not hereby intended to impose or assess any such double Rates upon any Person or Persons whomsoever, towards the said Sum of one million nine hundred eighty-nine thousand six hundred seventy-three Pounds seven Shillings and Ten-pence Farthing, by reafun whereof some Parishes, Townships, or other Places, may be overburdened or charged with more than four Shillings in the Pound, (reckoning by the Rack-rent, and utmost improved Value of their Estates,) if a suitable Re- medy be not provided \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where the Lands, Tenements, Rents, or Hereditaments, of a whole Parish, Town, or Place, which shall have a Proportion to raise in pursuance of this Act, shall be charged with more than four Shillings in the Pound upon the yearly Value thereof, (reckoning by the Rack-rents, and the highest Improvements made of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,) towards the said Sum of one million nine hundred eighty-nine thousand six hundred seventy-three Pounds seven Shillings and Ten-pence Farthing, by this Act granted, because the Estates of Persons formerly doubly taxed as aforesaid, are hereby made liable only to a single Assessment; in all and every such Case and Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Hundred, Lathe, Wapentake, Rape, Ward, or other Division, in which such Parish, Town, or Place, doth lie, or any two or more of them, and in like Manner to and for the Commissioners of any City, Borough, Port, or Town, for which Commissioners are by this Act appointed, or any two or more of them, upon Complaint thereof to them made, for or on Behalf of the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments, in any such City, Borough, Port, Parish, Town, or Place respectively, to examine into the Matter of such Complaint; and if they are satisfied of the Truth thereof, the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby required and impowered, at any Time before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and not afterwards, to certify to the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer for the Time being, the Names of such Performs formerly doubly taxed as aforesaid, and how much their double T*x did amount to, and how much the Sum charged, by virtue of this Act, upon the Lands, Tenements, Rents, or Hereditaments, in such City, Borough, Port, Parish, Town, or Place, by occasion of their Lands being now liable to a single Assessment as aforesaid, doth exceed four Shillings in the Pound of the full and true yearly Value thereof: And the said Barons of the Exchequer, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to inquire and inform themselves, by the Oaths of two credible Witnesses at lead, concerning the Truth of the said Certificates; and in all Cases where they shall be satisfied therein, the said Barons, or any two or more of them, have hereby Power, by their Discretions, at any Time before the last Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, to discharge, or cause to be discharged, the Overplus, or so much of the Sum by this Act charged or chargeable upon such City, Borough, Town, Parish, or Place towards the said Sum of one million nine hundred eighty nine thousand six hundred seventy-three pounds seven Shillings and Ten-pence Farthing, as shall, by the Occasions aforesaid, exceed the Rate of four Shillings in the Pound $ and the said Overplus shall or may be discharged upon toe Duplicates to be returned for such City, Borough, Town, Port, Panlb, or Place respectively, and shall be allowed'upon th? Account of the respective Receivers-general and the Inhabitants of every such City, Borough, Port, Parish, Town, or Place, shall be acquitted against his Majesty, his Heirs and Succdioi s for and touching the Payment of such Overplus Monies so discharged or ordered to be discharged, by the Barons of the Exchequer, or any two or more of them, as aforesaid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that such Parish, Town, Port,* or Place, so discharged by the Basons, aid no othcis, shall have the Benefit of the Sums lo discharged by this Act; and no other Officer, or Deputy, or Clerk whatsoever, shall take any Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, for or upon Account of such Discharge; Which said respective Certificate or Certificates, or a true Copy or Copies thereof, whereby the said Parish or Parishes, Place or Places, have been discharged by the said Barons of the Exchequer of such u Overplus

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 9. 487

Overplus "Sums, shall be produced, by the Persons claiming the Benefit thereof, to the Commissioners of pfoiuccd to the the Land Tax at their next General Meeting, to ascertain the Proportion on each Division, after such Cer- ^to^Ti*r, tificate or Certificates have been obtained.

CAP. IX.

An Act for preventing Money or Effects, in the Hands of his Majesty's Subjects, belonging to or disposeable by Persons resident in France, being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France; and for preserving the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof.

[id March 1794.]

WHEREAS the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France have i fined an Order, compelling all Merchants, Bankers, and other Persons, who are possessed of any Money, funded Pro- perty, or Effects, in the different Parts of Europe, to declare all such Money, funded Property, and Effects,

in order that the same, by Violence, may betaken, and applied for the Purpose of maintaining and carrying on the unjust War in which the Persons lb exercising the Powers of Government in France are engaged against the greater Part of Europe: And whereas the direct and violent Seizure, under the said Order, of the Property of Persons, secured to them by the Laws of the Country in which it is placed, is in itself dc- structive of all Commercial Credit, and is accompanied by a Declaration, that no Debts due to the Sub- jedts of any of the Belligerent Powers shall be paid: In order therefore to prevent the Effedf intended to be produced by thcl'e unjust and violent Measures, and to protect the Property of Individuals, as far as Cir- cumltances will admit may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted and declared; and be it enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person residing or being in Great Britain shall, after the first Day of March one thousand After i^anrCRT> seven hundred and ninety-lour, and during the said War, knowingly and wilfully pay, fend, supply, or fjent'in^icat deliver, or cause to be paid, font, supplied, or delivered, either in Great Britain ox France, or in any other Britain shall pay Country, either by Payment or Remittance of any Bill of Exchange, Note, Draught, Obligation, or Order or remit any for Money, or in any other Manner whatsoever, any Money to or for the Use of the Persons exercising, or Money for the who shall exercise the Powers of Government in France, or to or for the Use of any Persons or Person who on the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, were or was, or at any Time since the Gorernment have or has been, or who, at the Time of such Act done, shall be within any of the Dominions of France, ;n France, or of or any Country, Territory, or Place, which was on the said first Day o [January one thousand seven hun- »ny Personi re-dred and ninety-four, or which shall be during the said War, and at the Time of such Act done, under the siding within the Government of the Persons exercising, or who shall hereafter exercise the Powers of Government in France, G0^rnmentUon every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted or attainted, shall be deemed, declared, and ad- or fmee January judged to be a Traitor, and shall fuft'er Pains of Death, and also lose and forfeit as in Cases of High Treason. j, 1794., he shall be deemed 1 Traitor*

II. And be it further declared and enabled, That if any Person residing or being in Great Britain, shall, if *ny such Re-

after the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and during the said War, ^ddi^r*1 f'r knowingly and wilfully fend, supply, or deliver, or cause or procure to be sent, supplied, or delivered, either J^e Yhe

in Great Britain or any other Country or Place whatsoever, any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effects pc, fons before whatsoever, to or for the Use of the Persons exercising or who shall hereafter exercise the Powers of Go- mentioned, any vernment in France, or to or for the Use of any Persons or Person who, on the said first Day of January Goods or Effeai one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, were or was, or at any Time since have or has been, or at the

Time of such Act done, shall be within any of the Dominions of France, or in any other Country, Territory, penai's of ,5

or Place, which was on the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or which Ric. II. Cap. 5.

#ha!l be during the said War, and at the Lime of such A'St done, under the Government of the Persons

exercising or who shall hereafter exercise the Powers of Government in France, every Person so offending,

being thereof lawfully convicted, shall incur and suffer the Pains and Penalties ordained and provided by the Statute of Provision and Praemunire made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard the

Second.

III. And whereas, notwithstanding the Prohibition herein-contained, a fa lie Credit may be given to Bills If ruch Re-.

of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Draughts, Obligations, or Orders for Money, by accepting or indorsing to*! >c*

the fame, or undertaking to become answerable for the Payment thereof ;* be it further enacted, 'Lhat if any ^dertakcVor of Person residing or being in Great Britain shall, after the said fftft Day of March one thousand seven hundred the parent of and ninety-four, and during the said War, knowingly and wilfully in any Manner accept or indorse, or un- any Bi.l, Note, dertake to be answerable for the Payment, in the Whole or in Part, of any Bill of Exchange, Promissory for V1* u,c Note, Draught, Obligation, or Order for Payment of Money, drawn, indorsed, or negociated by or on

Account, or for the Use of, or on the Credit cf, or on the Creditof the Effects of, the Persons exercising or forfeit double the who shall hereafter exercise the Powers of Government in France, or any Persons or Person who on the first Vaiuej - Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, were or was, or at any Time since have or has been, or at the Time of such Act done, shall be, residing or being in any of the Dominions in France, or in any Country, Territory, or Place, which was on the said first Day of January one thousand levcit hundred and ninety-four, or which shall be during the said War, and at the Time of such Act done, under Ihe Government of the Persons exercising or who shall hereafter exercise the Powers of Government in 34 Geo. III. 3 R France,

488

he /lull Mc*-wile it he shalt p*y any Order /or Money duu n, Arc. since T«n. i, 1794. in the Li niu or on Accuupt of any «>t the Periom aforelairtj

and the Payment of such Order shall not bar the Claim of the erson who might otherwise have demanded it.

If any such Re-fitfent, who had On Jan. 1, 1704, or bnce, or shall have Money, Notes or any EffedU belorg-ing to the Persont aforesaid, shall pay such Mone*, or part with such Notea, or Efifctfs, except for converting them into Money for retaining it, he shall forfeit doable the Value)

end the Payment of such Money, or parting with such Note* or Effect?, eicrpt for the Purpose aforesaid, shall not bar the CUim of any Person who might have demanded the same

except where such Money, trc.

Thia Afl not 10 extend to any Thing done by Authority of his Majesty or in his Service,

C. 9. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

Prance, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lofc double the Value of such Bill of Exchange, Profniflory Note, Draught, Obligation, or Order, to be recovered and applied as herein after directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person residing or being in Great Britain shall, after the (ati first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety* four, knowingly and wilfully, in any Manner* pay or satisfy any Bill of Exchange, Note, Draught, Obligation, or Order for Money, in Part or in the hole, which, fmee the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, has been* or at any Time during the said War shall be drawn, or accepted, or indorsed, or in any Manner negociated in, or in any Manner sent from any Part of the Dominions of France, or any Country, Territory, or Place which was on the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or at any 'Fime during the said War, and at the Time of such Ad done, shall be under the Government of the Persons exercising or who shall hereafter exercise the Powers of Government in France, or drawn, accepted, or indorsed, or in any Manner negociated by or for the Use of, or upon the Credit of, or upon the Credit of the Effects of, the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, or of any-Persons or Person who* on the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, were or was, or at any Time since have or has been, or who, at the Time of such Ad done, shall be, in any of the Dominions of France, or in any such Country, Territory, or Place as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose double the Value of such Bill of Exchange, Note, Draught, Obligation; or Order respectively to be recovered and applied as herein after directed; and the Payment of such Bill of Exchange, Note, Draught, Obligation, or Order respectively, shall not be effectual against any Persons or Person whatsoever who might otherwise have demanded the same, or the Money thereby made payable; but the Demands of all Persons whatsoever in respect of the Money expressed therein, and every Part thereof, shall remain and be in foil Force, notwithstanding such Payment, and notwithstanding such Bill, Note, Draught, Obligation, or Order shall have been paid, delivered up, or cancelled, or any Discharge shall be given thereon*

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person residing or being in Great Britain, who had on the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or had or shall have at any Time after the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and during the said War* any Money, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Draughts. Obligations, or Orders for Money, Securities for Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Effects whatsoever, of or belonging to the Persons exercizing or who shall hereafter exercise the Powers of Government in France, or to any Persons or Person who, on the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, were or was, or at any Time since have or has been, or who, at the Time of such A d done, shall be in any of the Dominions of France, or in any Country, Territory, or Place which was on the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or at any lime during the said War, and at the Time of such Ad done, shall be under the Government of the Persons exercising or who shall hereafter exercise the Powers of Government in France, shall, after the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, knowingly and wilfully pay or otherwise satisfy any such Money to any other Person* or deliver or otherwise part with such Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Draughts, Obligations* or Orders for Money, or Securities for Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Efteds, unless such Bills of Exchange* Notes* Draughts* Obligations, or Orders for Money, shall be delivered or parted with for the Purpose only of receiving and retaining the Money due thereon respectively, and such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Effects, shall be delivered or parted with for the Purpose only of felling the same, and converting the same into Money, to be received and retained by the Person or Persons so felling the same, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose double the Value of such Money, Bills of Exchange, Notes, Draughts, Obligations, Orders* Securities, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Effects respectively, to be recovered and applied as herein after directed; and no Payment of any such Money, or Delivery or Disposition of any such Bills of Exchange, Notes, Draughts* Obligations, Orders, or Securities for Money* nor any Payment or Discharge of any Money for which any such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Effects as aforesaid, shall be so sold as aforesaid, except for the Purposes aforesaid, ;shall be effectual against any Persons or Person whatsoever who might have demanded the same if such Acts had not been done; but the Demands of all Persons whatsoever in respect of such Property shall remain and be in full force* notwithstanding any Discharge of any Nature whatsoever which may be given for the same; save only and except that no such Demand shall prejudice or affect any Person who shall have received or purchased such Money, Bills, Notes, Draughts, Obligations, Orders, Securities? Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Effects respectively bona fide^ for foil Con-

'sideration, and without Notice that the same was or were paid, fold, delivered, or difpded of respectively contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

ha» beta received, or E/Fe&i purchased boa* fide, without Notice of their being paid or disposed of contrary to this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ad which shall be done by any Person, or in any Place, by virtue of or in Obedience to a Licence and Authority from his Majesty, either under his Sign Manual, or by Order in Council, or Proclamation, or from any Persons or Person to be authorized by his Majesty, under his Sign Manual, or otherwise, as his Majesty shall thinly fit, to give such Licence and Authority, or to any Ad which shall be done in his Majesty's Service, by any Person or Persons who shall be employed therein, or to any Ad which shall be done in aiaing or assisting such Persons whiift so employed, or to any Person employed, or to be employed, in his Majesty's Service, who has been, or shall be, during and for the Purpose of such Employment* in any of the Dominions of France, or in any Country, Territory, or Place, which was on the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or shall be, at any Time during the said War, under the Government of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France.

6 VH. And

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 9—ir.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit, either in Law or Equity, shall be commenced or prosecuted for the Recovery of any Debt or Demand, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Court in which such Action or Suit shall be commenced, in Term Time, or any one or more of the Judges of such Court out of Term, in a summary Way, to discharge the Defendant or Defendants arrested on Mesne Process, and to flay all further Proceedings in such Action or Suit, upon such Terms as to such Court or Judge respectively shall appear necessary to enforce the Provisions of this Act.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture, or to answer for any Damage for not paying or not delivering any Money, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Securities for Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effcds, at any Time after the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, the Payment or Delivery whereof, after the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, is prohibited by this Act.

delivering Notes or Effects after Feb. 1, the Payment or Delivery whereof after March

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing done in Obedience to this Act shall alter or affed the Right, Title, orlntereftof any Person whomsoever, to, or in any Property whatsoever. Real or Personal, or any Contract or Agreement whatsoever, further or otherwise than as in this Act is expressed.

further than

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this A'd, shall be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall be sued for a'*.l recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, Stay of Proceedings, except by such Rule or Rules of the Court wherein the Action or other Proceeding shall depend, as shall be thought in Justice necessary for special Cause to be expressed in every such Rule, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XT. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person shall be committed, for any Offence against this Act, to any Common Gaol or other Place, there to remain until delivered by due Course of Law, it shall and may be lawful for any of the Justices of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or for any of the Barons of the Exchequer, being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Lord Justice Clerk or any of the Commissioners of Judiciary in Scotland, if upon Application made he shall think it reasonable, to admit such Person to Bail, he or she giving fufRcient Security for his or her Appearance to answer the Matters wherewith he or she shall be charged.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Offence against this Act, committed out of this Realm, may be alleged, and be laid, enquired of, and tried in any County, Shire, or Stewartry of this Realm; and that any Offence against this Act, committed within that Part of Great Britain called England, may be alleged, and be laid, enquired of, and tried in the County where such Offence shall have been committed, or in the County of Middlesex; and that any Offence against this Act, committed within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, may be alleged, and be laid, enquired of, and tried either before the Court of Judiciary at Edinburgh, or in any of the Circuit Courts in that Part of the United Kingdom; and that all and every Person or Persons that shall at any Time be accused, or indicted, or prosecuted for any Offence made or declared to be Treason by this Act, shall be entitled to the Benefit of the Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of William the Third, intituled, An Act for regulating of Trials in Cases of Treason and Misprision of Treason; and also of the Provisions made by another Act of Parliament, passed in the seventh Year of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for improving the Union of the two Kingdoms.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That notking in this Act contained, shall be construed or taken in any Manner to alter the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent, during the present War, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to his Majestfs Enemies, or any of such Provisions.

XLV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to repeal, vary, or alter this Act, or any Clause, Matter or Thing therein contained, during this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. X.

An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail.

[1st March 1794.]

w 25 Geo. III. Cap. 55, recited; and the Duties thereby imposed to cease August 1, 1794."

CAP. XI.

An Act for repealing the Duties on the Registry of Burials, Births, Marriages, and Christenings.

[1st March 1794.] 11

11 23 Geo. III. Cap. 67, and 25 Geo. III. Cap. 75, recited; and the Duties thereby imposed to cease w October 1, 1794. This Act not to affect the Validity of any Register."

489

If any Action shall be commenced for any Demand con'ra-ry to this AO, the Court may discharge the Defendant, and stay further Procc:d« ingi.

No Person shall

he subject to any Penalty, or an-fwrr for any Damage, for not paying Money r r r, is prohibited.

This Act shall not affect the Right to any Property, &c. herein expressed.

All Fines shall betohis Majesty, and maybe recovered in any Court of Record in Westminster, Or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

Persons committed for Offences against this Act may be admitted to Bail.

Where Oft>*cet may be tried.

Persons indicted to be entitled to the Benefit of 7 Gul. III. Cap. 3, and 7 Annse, Cap. 21.

Nothing in this Act shall alter 33 Geo. III. Cap. »7.

Act may be repealed or altered this Session,

---

490 C. 12 - 14. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

CAP. XII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

[1st March 1794.]

CAP. XIII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[1st March 1794.]

CAP. XIV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned.

[28th March 1794.]

---

After Feb. 5, 1794, within the Bills of Mortality, and Feb. 10, in any other Part of England and Wales, the following a 'dition-al Stamp Duties to be paid:

For every Contra* to serve as a Clerk in order to Admission ss a Solicitor or Attorney in any Court at Westminster, loci, and in order to Admission into any Court of Great Sessions in Wales, Chester, Lrocaster, or Du

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, and make such permanent Addition to the publick Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised or Stock to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose to be passed in this Session of Parliament; have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new and additional Rates and Duties herein after respectively mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, within the Bills of Mortality, from and after the fifth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and in every other Part of England and in Wales, from and after the tenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of every Contrail in Writing made after the said fifth and tenth Days of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four respectively, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to his Admission as a Solicitor or Attorney in any of the Courts of Law or Equity herein after mentioned, in pursuance of the Laws now in force for the better Regulation of Solicitors and Attornies, the new and additional Rates and Duties following, over and above all other Rates or Duties payable by Law upon or in respeil of the same; that is to say. For and upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written any such Contrail made, whereby any Person is or shall become bound to serve as a Clerk as aforesaid, in order to his Admission as a Solicitor or Attorney in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of one hundred Pounds; and for and upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Puce of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written any such Contract made, whereby any Person is or {nail become bound to serve as a Clerk as aforesaid, in order to his Admission as a Solicitor or Attorney in any of the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, or in the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, or Durham, or in any Court of Record in England holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage shall amount to forty Shillings, and not in any of the said Courts at Westminster, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of fifty Pounds.

ham, or in any Court in England holding Pleas, where the Debt shall amount to forty Shillirgr, or 50l.

No Arch Clerk shall be admitted no left the Indenture beinrol-led with an Affidavit, within six Months, &c.

Every such Clerk previous to bit

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person who by any such Contrail as aforesaid, made after the said fifth and tenth Days of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four respectively, as hereinbefore mentioned* is or shall be bound to serve as a Clerk as aforesaid? shall be admitted to be a Solicitor or Attorney in any of the said Courts, unless the Indenture or other Writing containing such Contrail, duly stamped according to the Directions of this Act, shall be inrolled or registered with the proper Officer, to be appointed for that Purpose in the Court wherein such Person shall propose to be afterwards admitted a Solicitor or Attorney by virtue of his Service under such Contrail, together with an Affidavit of the Time of the Exception of such Contrail by such Clerk; and in case such Indenture or other Writing shall not be inrolled or registered in such Court within six Months next after the Execution thereof, together with such Affidavit of the Time of the Execution of such Contrail, then and in such Case the Service of such Clerk, under such Indenture or Writing, shall be deemed to commence from the Time of such Inrolment or Registry only, and not from the Execution of such Indenture or Writing j any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person to be admitted a SoITcitoror Attorney in any of the said Courts by virtue of any such Contrail as aforesaid, made after the said fifth and

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 14. 491

make an Affidavit of the Payment of the Duty, Sc:,

tenth Days of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four respectively, as hereinbefore mentioned, keing permitted and Service under the lame, before he shall be permitted to practise as a Solicitor or Attorney in such Court, or to be inrolled or registered therein, shall make an Affidavit of the due Payment of the Duty by this Act m Imposed, and shall assert in such Affidavit the Sum paid in respect thereof, and also shall specify the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons with whom such Contract of Service was entered into, the Time of the Execution thereof, and the Time of inrolling or registering the same; and in case such Person shall have been previously admitted a Solicitor or Attorney in some other Court, shall also specify in such Affidavit the Court in which he has been so admitted, and the Time of his Admission therein, and mall cause the same to be duly filed in the Court in which he proposes to be so admitted a Solicitor or Attorney with the proper Officer (to be appointed by each such Courtfor receiving and filing such Affidavits); and every such Affidavit shall be produced and openly read in the Court in which such Person shall be admitted a Solicitor or Attorney, before he shall be inrolled or registered therein.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in case any Person, other than such Person who shall have been admitted an Attorney in one of the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, or Durham, or in some other Court of Record in England one of the where Attornies have been accustomally admitted and sworn, by virtue of a Contraft made before the said g *3°^GrcaC fifth and tenth Days of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four respectively, as hereinbefore walef/ikc. by mentioned, and a Service in pursuance thereof, or who shall have been admitted a Solicitor in one of the said virtue of a Con-Courts of Great Sessions, or of the said Counties Palatine, or some other inferior Court of Equity in England, by virtue of a like Contraft and Service, and according to the Directions of the several Acts now in force for the Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors respectively, shall, in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Person, sue out any Writ or Process, or commence, prosecute, or defend any Action or Suit, or any Proceedings in any of the said Courts at Westminster, as an Attorney or Solicitor, for or in Expectation of any Gain, Fee, or Reward, without being admitced and inrolled an Attorney or Solicitor in one of the said Courts at Westminster, according to the Directions of the several Acts in Force for the Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety, r^one^orihcm^ with full Costs of Suit, to the Use of such Person who shall prosecute for the said Offence by Action of he shall forfeit* Debt, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein *°°l* &c*

no Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and such Person is hereby also made incapable to maintain cr prosecute any Action or Suit in any Court of Law or Equity for any Fee, Reward, or Disbursements on Account of prosecuting, carrying on, or defending any such Action,

Suit, or Proceeding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person who shall be admitted to be a Solicitor or Attorney in any of his Majesty's Courts at Wftminster by virtue of any such Contract as aforesaid, and Service under the same, and shall have duly paid the Duty of one hundred rounds by this Act imposed, may be admitted to be a Solicitor or Attorney in all or any of the Courts in this Act mentioned, without Payment of any further Stamp Duty in pursuance of this Act, subject nevertheless to all and every the Provisions prescribed by Law with relation to the Admission of Solicitors and Attornies in such Courts respectively, bc-

If any Person not admitted in

trait prior to the Days before mentioned,/hall, in his own or another Name, sue out any Writ, &c. in the Courts at Westminster, without being admitted

fore the passing of this Act.

Persons admitted in any Court at Westminster who shall have paid the Duty of 100U may b» admitted in any other of'

the before-mentioned Courts, without Payment of any further Duty; as also

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Person who shall be admitted a Solicitor or At- Persons admitted torney in any of the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, or in any Court in the said Counties Palatine, or Grg3tys5?urts°^ in any inferior Court aforesaid, by virtue of any such Contraft as aforesaid, and Service under the same, and in^vajfes

shall have paid the said Duty of fifty Pounds by this Act imposed, may be admitted a Solicitor or Attorney who ftni'l have in any of the Courts aforesaid (except the said Courts at Westminster) without Payment of any further p-id the Duty of Stamp Duty in pursuance of this Act, subject nevertheless to the like Provisions and Restrictions of former 5ol> (except the Laws in relation to such Admissions. c°uJ.ls at

minster;.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Person who shall have been admitted a Solicitor persons admitted

or Attorney in any of the Courts aforesaid, by virtue of any Contraft bona fide made, and of his Service in any of the under the same, actually commenced before the fifth and tenth Days of February one thousand seven hundred Courts aforesaid and ninety-four respectively, as hereinbefore mentioned, may be admitted a Solicitor or Attorney in all or Cr°j£*

any other of the Courts aforesaid, without Payment of any Stamp Duty by this Act imposed, in such Manner and subject to such Regulations as he might have been admitted therein before the passing of this Act. sure-msmioned,

may be admitted in any r.ther of them without Payment of any further Duty.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person, having been articled to any Attorney Articled Clerk?, or Solicitor for the Term of five Years, and having duly paid the Duty by this Act imposed, (in case such

Articles shall have been entered into after the said fifth or tenth Days of February one thousand seven hundred *o c

and ninety-four respectively,) shall, on the Event of such Attorney or Solicitor dying or leaving off his ou(y for new Practice, or of such Articles being cancelled or discharged, or on any other Event, before the Expiration of c^ntrafts with such Term of five Years, enter into any subsequent Contraft with any other Attorney or Solicitor to serve other Matters, him as his Clerk for the Residue of the said Term of five Years, such last mentioned Contraft shall not be subject to or chargeable with any of the Duties by this Act imposed; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the more effectual levying, railing, Duties to be un-collecting, and paying all the said Duties hereinbefore granted, the same shall be under the Government, dertheCareof the Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being, appointed to manage the Duties charged of°

11 ©n

49"

I'aic'nrrcn's for Cor.tr^fts to be ft *' prd prior to

Ulog ingroiled;

1 ut only one 1* rt need he then ft >irpr<J, and the Dupl cate fl-.aJ! he damped after Execution, on I'roof of Payment of Duty.

TheufuaiAUr w-ance to be made for prompt Payment of Duty. S'amps may be lttied.

Persons counterfeiting Stamp.*-, *c. guihy of Felony,

lowers, &c. of former Acts relative to Stamp Dutirs to extend to this Act.

Dutiei to be paid to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, who shall pay the same into tfce Exchequer.

C. 14. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

on {lamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and to cause such new Stamps to be provided, to denote the said several new and additional Duties respectively, as shall be requisite in that j Beh.ilf, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the said several Duties hereinbefore granted, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning ft am ped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, liable to the Duties hereby charged, shall, before the same shall beingrofled, printed, or written upon, be brought

to the head Office for stamping or marking Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and the said Commissioners, by 1 themselves or by their Officers employed under them, shall forthwith, upon Demand to them made by any Person or Persons, from Time to Time, stamp or mark, as this Act directs, any Quantities or Parcels of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, as shall be brought to them for that Purpose, the Persons so bringing the same paying to the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties for the Time being, or Ins Deputy or his Clerk, the several Duties payable for the same by virtue of this Act.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any such Contract shall be made by Inden- tures of different Parts, or Duplicates of any such Contract shall be executed by the several Parties thereto,

it shall be sufficient to stamp or mark one such Part or one such Indenture or Writing only with the Stamp or Mark hereinbefore required to be provided to denote the said Duties before such Contract shall be ingrossed, j printed, or written thereon, and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to provide one other Stamp or Mark, to be put upon such other Part or Duplicate of such Indentures or Writing which shall not have been so stamped as aforesaid, and to cause such other Part or Duplicate of such Indenture or other Writing, to be stamped or marked therewith, on sufficient Proof being made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, of the due Payment of the Duties by this Act imposed thereon, at any Time after the Execution thereof, which Stamp or Mark shall be distinguishable from any other Stamp or Mark used or provided to be used by the said Commissioners, by virtue of this or any other Act of Parliament; and every such other Part or Duplicate of such Indenture or other such Writing as aforesaid, which shall be duly stamped or marked with such Stamp or Mark as last aforesaid, shall be as available in the Law, and of the like Force and Effect in all Respects whatever, as if the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, whereon the same shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, had been duly stamped before the ingroifitig, printing, or writing the same thereon; any Thing in this Act before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same Allowance shall be made on present Payment of the said several Duties granted by this Act, and in such Manner as by any former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper is allowed.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Stamps as the said Commissioners are hereby directed and authorized to provide and use shall and may be altered and renewed from Time to Time, in such Manner as any other Stamps under the Management of the said Commissioners are by any former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and that all Persons who shall have in their Custody or Possession any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, marked with any Stamp or Mark, before the same shall have been so altered or renewed, shall have the like Remedy and Allowance as by any former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, is in like Cases directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge; or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, to resemble any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend, or sell, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to such Stamp Duty, with such counterfeit Stamp or Mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, (and not hereby altered,) shall be of full Force and Effect, with relation to the additional and new Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said additional and new Rates and Duties, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted, with relation to the said additional and new Rates and Duties.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties hereinbefore granted,

shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being, of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same being dedu#ed) into the Receipt ot Exchequer, at such Time and in such Manner a* the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper are directed to be paid, and

tke

493

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 14, 15.

the said Money so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the several Rates or Duties hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made* or Stock created or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be parted in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenues: and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, rnolefted, or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall or may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Cods awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in, or imported into, Great Britain.

[28th March 1794.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, and making such permanent Addition to the publick Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge oc- cartoned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose to be parted in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new and additional Rates and Duties herein after respectively mentioned \ and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Matters and Things herein after mentioned, over and above all Duties already imposed, for or in respect thereof, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For every thousand of Bricks which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, one Shilling and Six-pence:

For every thousand of Plain Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, one Shilling and Ten-pence:

For every thousand of Pan Tiles or Ridge Tiles, which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, tour Shillings and Ten-pence:

For every hundred of Paving Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, not exceeding ten Inches Square, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Eleven-pence;

For every hundred of Paving Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, exceeding ten Inches Square, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, one Shilling and Ten-pence:

For every thousand of Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, other than such as are hereinbefore enumerated or described, by whatsoever Name or Names such Tiles are or may be called or known, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, one Shilling and Ten-pence.

The said Duties upon Bricks and Tiles respectively to be paid by the Maker thereof.

II. And whereas it is expedient to allow Tiles, made for the sole Purpose of draining wet or marshy Lands, such Tiles being of the Description herein after mentioned, to be made free of the Duties imposed by an Act made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, amongst other Things,

for repealing the several Duties of Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and also by this Act be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatever to make, for the sole Purpose of draining wet or marshy Lands, Tiles nineteen Inches and three-tenth Parts of an Inch in Length, and thirteen Inches and three-tenth Parts of an Inch in Breadth, bent into a fcmielliptical Form, the Inside of the Crown of the Arch thereof being not less than seven Inches

perpendicular

Duties to be applied in defraying any increased Charges oeca-fioned by any Loan of this Session, and for ten Ye n 1 to be kept separate from other Monies.

General Ififue. Treble Costs,

The following; additinnalDuties to be paid on Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain:

For Bricks if, 6d. per ioooo s Plain Tiles is* lod. per icoo: Pan or Ridge Tiles 4s, iod, per 1000; Paving Tiles not exceeding 10 inches Square, lid.:

and exceeding 10 Inches is. iod. per 1000; and for all other Tiles is. iod, per 1000.

Tiles for draining Lands may be made free of any Duty.

494

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioneri of Excite. Duties to be drawn back on Expot tation.

The Powert of 12 Car. II. Cap. 24, or of any o her Law relating to the Excise, to extend to th:a Duty.

The following additionalDutiei to be paid on Importation.

For Bricks is. 6d. per icoot

Plain Tih*< (except Galley Tiles) i». lod. per igoo:

Pan or Ridge Tiles 4s. lod. per 1000: Paving Tiles not exceeding to Inches Square lid.:

and exceeding 10 Inches is. lod. per 100; and for all other Tiles (except CalleyTiles) is. jod. per 1000.

Duties on Its-portition to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Custorrs, ard payable xs former Duties.

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer and carried to the Confjli-dated Fund.

C. 15. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

perpendicular from a straight Line drawn from the one to the other Side thereof after the same is so bent, and such Sides not being at any Part thereof more than five Inches distant from each other on the Inside, and Tiles as nearly of the Dimensions and bent as nearly ir*to the Form aforesaid as may be, to be used for the Purpose aforesaid, without being charged or chargeable with any Duty for or in respect of such Tiles; any Thing in the said Act, made in the twenty-fi venth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and such thereof as lmll arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excite in Scotland for the Time being.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties by this Act imposed, for and in respect of Bricks and Tiles reflectively, shall be drawn back on the Exportation of any such Bricks and Tiles respectively as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, under and subject to the several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by any Law or Laws in force at the Time of passing this Act, relating to the Exportation of Bricks and Tiles on Drawback, provided, settled, or established.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Allowances, Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clause-s, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, /in A 7 for taxing away the Court of I Cards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force, relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and estabiished for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cases for which other Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act,) shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying, the Excise Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Allowances, Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the life of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon the several Goods herein after mentioned, which shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be imported or brought into this Kingdom from Foreign Parts, over and above all Duties of Customs already imposed thereon, the several and reflective Duties following; that is to say,

For and upon all Bricks, by whatever Name they now are or hereafter may be known, the Sum of one Shilling and Six-pence for every thousand, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

For and upon all Tiles commonly called or known by the Name of Plain Tiles, (except Galley Tiles,) the Sum of one Shilling and Ten-pence for every thousand, and so in Proportion for any greater or leiler

Quantity:

For and upon all Tiles, commonly called or known by the Name of Pan Tiles or Ridge Tiles, the Sum of four Shillings and 'Fen-pence for every thousand, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

For and upon ail Tiles, commonly called or known by the Name of Paving Tiles, not exceeding ten Inches Square, the Sum of Eleven-pence (or every hundred contaiiting five Score, and so in Proportion fur any greater or Idler Quantity:

For and upon all Tiles, commonly called or known by the Name of Pavinz Tiles, above ten Inches Square, the Sum of one Shilling and 'Fen-pence for every like hundred, and so in Proportion for any greater

or leiler Quantity:

And for and upon all Tiles, other than such as are hereinbefore enumerated and described, by whatever Name or Names such Tiles now are or hereafter may be called or known, (except Galley Tiles,) the Sum of one Shilling and 'Fen-pence for every thousand, and so in Proportion for any greater or Idler Quantity.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties hereinbefore granted upon the Importation of such Foreign Bricks and Tiles, shall be under the Management and Direction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid down in ready Money without any Discount or Deduction whatever; and the said Duties shall be raised, levied, col- edit'd, recovered, and paid, in the same Manner and Form, and under such Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and by such Rules, Ways, and Methods, as the former Duties for such Goods are respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-. enacted in the Body of this present Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the several new and additional Rates and Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the lame respectively excepted) shall, from and after the passing of this Act, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Confoii-dated Fund.

IX. Provided 1

I

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 15, 16.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the several Rates or Duties hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament, and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

X. And whereas Standing Contracts may have been made before the passing of this Act, by Makers of Bricks and Tiles, to be delivered after the passing of this Act j' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Makers of Bricks and Tiles, delivering such Bricks and Tiles after the passing of this Act in pursuance of such Contracts, shall be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of the Bricks and Tiles, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to be paid for the same accordingly.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for augmenting the Militia.

[28th March 1794.]

WHEREAS, by an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, that the Number of Private Men to be raised by virtue of the said Act, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall consist of the Numbers therein particularly mentioned: And whereas, in the present Situation of publick Affairs, it is highly necessary and expedient that the Number of the Militia Forces should be augmented P Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons, properly qualified according to the Laws now in force, shall offer to his Majesty's Lieutenant of any County to raise one or more Company or Companies, to be added to the Regiment or Battalion of any* County or Riding, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's Lieutenant to accept such Offers and to appoint such Officers accordingly; and that it shall likewise be lawful for his Majesty's Lieutenant to accept and cause to be inrolled any Number of Volunteers, not exceeding such Number as his Majesty may, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, think proper to authorize, to be added as Privates to the Establishment of such Regiment or Battalion as aforesaid, and to give to such Officers raising Companies or Privates as aforesaid, such temporary Rank not above the Rank of Lieutenant Colonel, as his Majesty shall direct: and such Lieutenant shall certify to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, the Names and Ranks of such Officers within fourteen Days after they shall be so appointed; and in case his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall, within fourteen Days after such Certificate laid before his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, signify his or their Disapprobation of any Person to be such Officer in the Militia, his Majesty's Lieutenant shall not grant a Commission to such Person, but shall grant Commissions to such Persons so appointed, who shall not be disapproved of by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, within fourteen Days as aforesaid, or of whom his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall sooner signify his or their express Approbation; and on the Certificate of his Majesty's Lieutenant, or of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Company or Companies shall be annexed, that such Company or Companies are actually raised, such Company or Companies shall be entitled to the same Allowance of Bounty, Subsistence Money, Arms, and Clothing, as the Rest of his Majesty's Militia Forces in this Kingdom.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Volunteers who shall be inrolled and added as Privates to the Establishment of each Regiment or Battalion as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the same Allowance of Bounty, Subsistence Money, Arms, and Clothing, as the Rest of his Majesty's Militia Forces in this Kingdom; and that his Majesty's Lieutenant shall, from Time to Time, as he shall find most convenient, certify to his Majesty the Number of Volunteers who shall have been so accepted and inrolled as aforesaid; and that all Persons who shall engage to serve either in Companies or as Volunteers, to be added as Privates as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shall be enlisted to serve till such Time as the Militia shall be disembodied, or till such earlier Period at which his Majesty shall think fit to reduce the said Volnnteer Companies, or to discharge the said Privates.

III. And be it enacted, That when any such Companies, or Volunteers to be added as Privates, shall be added to any Regiment, such Addition shall not make it necessary to separate such Regiment into two Battalions, but such Regiment shall remain and continue one Regiment.

IV. And whereas, by the hereinbefore recited Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, That when the Militia shall be drawn out and embodied, an Addition shall be made to the Number of Serjeants and Corporals, so that there shall be one Serjeant and one Corporal to every twenty Men :' Be it enacted, That for every twenty Men who shall be inrolled and added as Privates to

34 Geo. III. 3 S the

4-95

Duties to be applied in defraying any in- created Charge occasioned by any Loan of thi* Session, and for 10 Years to be kept separate from other Monies.

For Bricks and Tiles delivered after passing this Act.onContra£U previous thereto, an Equivalent to the Duty may be added.

26 Geo. III. C^p. 107, recited.

Lord Lieutenants may accept Offers to raise Volunteer Companies an(l also additional Volunteers to Rc« giments, Scc.

Volunteers ro be entitled to tb« fameBounty, &c. as the Rest of the Militia.

Regiment so augmented not to be made two Battalions.

A certain Proportion of Nt n-

49 6 C. 16, 17. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

com ml (Tinned Officer! to be deed,

Panto Officer*, with the Con-fjQt of tbt Inhabitant!, may allow 10l. to Volunteers. Poweri of recited Act, &c. to extend to this Act.

Continuft&ce of Ibis Act.

the Establishment of each Regiment or Battalion as aforesaid, there shall be allowed one Serjeant and one Corporal; and that it shall be lawful to add one Serjeant to act as Serjeant Major, and one other Serjeaat to act as Quarter Matter Serjeant, to each Battalion confiding of four hundred Private Men and upwards, ovet and above such Proportion of Serjeants and Corporals as aforesaid.

V. And whereas by the hereinbefore recited Act, of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is among other Things enacted, That the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of any c Parish, Tithing, or Place, shall, with the Consent of the Inhabitants, taken at a Vestry in the Manner therein mentioned, allow to any Volunteer or Volunteers, to serve in the Militia of any County or Place,

the Sum of six Pounds each, to serve in the Militia for such Parish, Tithing, or Place: And whereas it is proper that the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Tithing, or Place, Qiould be empowered to allow a further Sum ;* be it therefore enacted, That such Churchwardens and Overseers shall, and they are hereby empowered, with such Consent as aforesaid, to give to any Volunteer or Volunteers, inrolled by virtue of the said Act, any Sum on Sums of Money not exceeding ten Pounds each, such Sum or Sums of Money to be raised and recovered in the same Manner, and with the like Power of Appeal as is directed by the said Act; any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the aforesaid Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act, that shall be passed in this Session of Parliament, relative to the raising, training, paying, cloathing, embodying, and calling out the Militia, shall be applied, practised, and putin Execution, with respecto the additional Volunteer Companies, or Volunteers added as Privates aforesaid, by this Act directed to be raised, in as full and ample Manner as if the said several Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses. Matters, and Things, were herein again at large repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, feve and except so far as the same are altered by any Provisions contained in this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force until the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for regulating the Portage and Conveyance of Letters by the Carriage called The Penny Post.

[28th March 1794.]

WHEREAS every Letter sent by the Penny Port from London or Westminster% the Borough of 4 y, Southwark, or the respective Suburbs thereof, and delivered to any Person at any Place out of the Cities of London and Westminster+ the Borough of Southward and the respective Suburbs thereof, is subject to the Charge of one Penny, over and above the Penny paid upon putting every such Letter into the Penny Poll Office: And whereas, towards defraying the Expence of a more frequent and speedy De- livery of letters by the Penny Post, it is reasonable that Letters conveyed by the said Carriage called The Penny Post, from Places out of the said Cities and Borough, and the Suburbs thereof, to Places within those Cities and Borough, and the Suburbs thereof, should be charged with the Payment of an additional Penny in like Manner :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies, Officer and Officers, by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, to demand, have, receive, and take for the Conveyance of every Letter originally sent by the said Carriage called The Penny Pofty and not first naffing by the General Post, from any Place out of the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark) and the respective Suburbs thereof, to any Place within the said Cities and Borough, and the Suburbs thereof respectively, the Sum of one Penny in Addition to the Sum of one Penny now payable for the Conveyance of every such Letter.

II. And whereas a Penny per Letter for every Letter originally sent by the Penny Post (and not first passing by the General Poll) to any Place within the Delivery of the Penny Post is now paid on putting every such Letter into a Penny Post Office: And whereas it may be convenient that the Postage of Letters should be paid in one Sum, either on putting in the same or on Delivery thereof, at the Option of the Persons sending the same;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be optional in the Person and Persons fending any Letter or Letters originally by the Penny Post, (and not first passing by the General Post,) either to pay the Postage of every such Letter or not, as he or they may think proper, on putting the same into any Penny Post Office, and that where the Postage shall be paid by the Person fending the same, such Letter shall be delivered free from any other Rate or Duty of Postage.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies, Officer and Officers, to demand, have, receive,

Ti/hVnot been ta^e for Conveyance of every Letter originally sent by the Penny Post, (and not first passing by the said 00 put ling

General Post,) the Postage whereof shall not be paid on putting the same into i Penny Post Office, the ut»eri into tbt several Rates or Sums of Money herein after mentioned; (that is to fayj

Penny Toft Office,

For

td. additional to be paid for Letters sent by the Penny Pod «rrm any Place ¥ jtfvmt to any Place within London, Wed-mi r.fter, Sou h-Or ark, and the Suburb*.

Postage may be

paid if n-t 00 paring Letter! into the Office.

Thf following Ratcito be taken

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 17,18. 497

For the Conveyance of every Letter sent from any Place within the Cities of x London and Westminster% R*tc,» the Borough of Southward and the respective Suburbs thereof, to any other Place within the same Citiys and Borough, and the Suburbs thereof, the Sum of one Penny:

And for the Conveyance of every Letter sent from any Place within the same Cities and Borough, and the Suburbs thereof, to any Place out of the same, the Sum of Two-pence:

And for the Conveyance of every Letter sent from any Place out of the said Cities and Borough, and the Suburbs thereof respectively, to any Place within the same, or from any Place out of the said Cities and Borough, and the Suburbs thereof, to any ether Place out of the same, the Sum of Two-pence,

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to exempt Letters put into a Penny Poll Office to be forwarded by the General Poll, from the Payment of the Duty now chargeable thereon on putting the same into such Penny Poll, but that the Sum of one Penny a Letter for each Letter put into a Penny Post Office to be forwarded by the General Post, shall be paid upon putting the same into a Penny Pod: Office as heretofore; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of one Penny per Letter, payable upon the Delivery of every Letter originally passing by the General Post, directed to any Person at any Place or Places beyond the Delivery of the Inland or Foreign Department of the General Post Office, and within the Delivery of the Penny Post, shall be paid on Delivery by the Penny Post, in the Manner directed by an Act, made and passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to alter certain Rates of Postage, and to amend, explain, and enlarge several Provssions in an Art, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Arts relating to the Revenue of the Post Office); any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

id. to be paid »/* putting Letters into the Penny Post to be forwarded by the Geiicial Post.

The id. for Letters patting originsHy by the General Post to Places out of itl Limits of Delivery and withia I hole of the Penny Post, to be paid agree-

able to 5 Geo. III. Cap. 25.

VI. And whereas the Conveyance of Letters by the Penny Post is by Law limited to ten English Miles distant from the General Post Office in London: And whereas it may be expedient to extend the Convey- ance of Letters by the said Post beyond that Distance in certain Cases ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's Postmaster General, for the Time being, at any Time after the passing of this Act, at his and their Discretion to extend the Conveyance and Delivery of Letters by the said Carriage called The Penny Post, beyond the Distance of ten English Miles from the said General Post Office in London; any Law, Statute, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, and Regulations herein contained, with respect to the Post called The Penny Post, established within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and the respective Suburbs thereof, shall extend and be applied to the several Cities and Towns, and the Places adjacent thereto respectively, in which Penny Post Offices are already established, or hereafter may be established, within Great Britain, and that the Postmaster General, for the Time being, shall and may in his Discretion extend the Conveyance and Delivery of Letters by the Penny Post beyond the Distance of ten English Miles from such Cities and Towns in which Penny Post Offices are already or may hereafter^be established, and that the same Rates of Postage hereby made payable, shall and may be received in such Cities, Towns, and Places respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surplus which shall remain at the End of each Quarter of all Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted, after defraying the additional Expence of the more frequent Delivery of Letters by the Penny Post, shall be, and be deemed Part of the Revenue of the General Letter Office, or Post Office, or Office of Postmaster General, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

The Delivery of Letters by the Penny Post may be extended beyond 10 Miles from the General Post Office.

The Power of this Act to extend to all Places where Penny Post Offices are or shall be established.

The Surplus of the Rates at the End of each Quarter to be derraed Part of the Revenue of the General Post Office,

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence far his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs awarded to him or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs. Treble Costs,

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and within those islands.

[28th March 1794.]

WHEREAS it has been found necessary for the Convenience and Improvement of Trade and Commerce, and for the more speedy Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and from thence to the Islands of Alderney and Sark, to establish one or more Packet Boats between the Port of Weymouth in the County of Dorset or such other Port in Great

498

Postage may be taken for Letters between Great Britain and Jersey or Guernsey, or between Jersey and Guernsey.

R*ites.

Post Office! and Road? may be ftAablifeed in Jersey or Guernsey, and the like Rate* taken for JnUndPoftage M in England.

Powers of 9 Anne, Cap. id.

6 Geo. I. Cap. at.

*6 Geo. II. Cap. 13.

4 Geo. III. Cap. *4*

5 Geo. III. Cap. *5*

7 Geo. III. Cap. 5*

*2 Geo. III. Cap. 70.

23 Geo. III. Cap. 69, or

>4 Geo. III. Self, * Cap. 37.

or any other Act relating to the Post Office, to extend to Jersey and Guernsey.

Surplus of Rates u the I:nd of

C. 18. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

Britain, as his Majesty's Postmaster General for the Time being shall appoint, and the Ports of Jersey and Guernsey or one of them be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's Post-master General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at any Time after the passing of this Act, to demand, have, receive, and take for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets that shall be carried or conveyed by Packet Boats from or to the Port of Weymouth aforesaid, or from or to any other convenient Port in the Kingdom of Great Britain, to or from any of the Ports of Jersey and Guernsey aforesaid, or either of them, and to or from the Ports of Jersey from or to the Ports of Guernsey, (over and above all other Rates payable for such Letters or Packets,) according to the Rates and Sums in Sterling Money hereafter mentioned, the same being rated either by the Letter or by the Ounce $ that i$ to say*

For every Single Letter Two-pence:

For every Double Letter Four-pence:

For every Treble Letter Six-pence:

And for every Ounce Eight-pence:

And so in Proportion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs, or other Things.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's Postmaster General, at any Time after the passing of this Act, to establish Post Offices and Post Roads within the said Islands of jersey and Guernsey, or any of them, wherever it shall appear to him to be necessary and convenient for the Benefit of Trade and Correspondence so to do; and that it shall and may be lawful for such Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the Inland Port of Conveyance of all Letters and Packets, sent or conveyed by the Post within the said Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, or any or either of them, such Rates of Portage, in Proportion to the Number of Miles or Stages such Letters and Packets are carried or conveyed determined by the Post, as now are respectively settled, established, and ascertained, to be paid for the Inland Port or Conveyance of Letters and Packets, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Establishment of one or more Packet Boats, between Great Britain and the said Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Disabilities, Penalties and Methods for the Recovery of the same, and all other matters and things contained in an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all Her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenue thereof, for the Service of the War, and other Her Majesty's Occasions (and not repealed or altered by any subsequent Law); as also in an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the public Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp Duties, Post Office, and House Money, so far as the said Act relates to the Post Office; as also in an Act made in the twenty sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco, by Land or Water, and for the Ease of the fair Trader in Tobacco, and for ascertaining the Rates payable for the Portage of certain Letters, and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, so far as the said Act relates to the Post Office; as also in an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses, in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage; as also in an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to alter certain Rates of Postage, and to amend, explain and enlarge several Provisions in an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Acts relating to the Revenue of the Post Office; as also in an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending certain Laws relating to the Revenue of the Post Office; and for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Isle of Man, and within that Island; as also in an Act made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, and the Secretary to the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage; as also in an Act made in the twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Adjutant General of His Majesty's Forces, and the Comptrollers of Army Accounts, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage; and likewise in an Act made in the twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Rates of Postage for Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for preventing Frauds in the Revenue, carried on by the Conveyance of certain Goods in Letters and Packets, and for further preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from Postage, or in any other Act relating to the Post Office, shall extend and be deemed and construed to extend to the said Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and to each and every of them, and to all His Majesty's Subjects within the same Isles, as fully and effectually in every respect, as if the said several Isles, and His Majesty's Subjects therein, had been expressly included in the said several Acts or in any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surplus which shall remain at the End ' of each Quarter, of all Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted, after defraying the

C. 10-----20.

499

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III.

additional Expence of conveying Letters between this Kingdom and the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, Quarter to

shall be, and be deemed Part of the Revenue of the General Letter Office, or Post Office, or Office of Part Postmaster General, and shall be carried to, and made Part of the Consolidated Fund. ' Gcntrai^fk

Office.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested or prosecuted, for anything done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person, or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence in his, her or their Defence or Defences: and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her or their Action or Prosecution, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him, her or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

[Treble Costs.]

CAP. XIX.

An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company.

[28th March 1794.]

CAP. XX.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[4th April 1794.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repeal 'uig the several Duties of Cujhms and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof \ and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties comfojing the Publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt; certain Duties of Customs are imposed upon Paper, Paffeboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards imported into Great Britain; and by the said Act, and another Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in Foreign Wines for the Stock of certain Foreign Wines in their Possession at a certain Tirney upon which the Duties on Importation have been paid; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise\ certain Duties of Excise are imposed upon all Papers, Pastebeards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, made in Great Britain We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament iflerabled, thinking it expedient to repeal the said Duties of Customs and Excise, and to grant other Duties n lieu thereof do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the ttinghs most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of April ot\t thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, the said Duties of Customs and Excise shall respectively cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all Cases elating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that Time remain unaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or forfeitures relating thereto, which may ive been incurred at any Time before, or on the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninty-four: Provided always nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed construed to extend, to repeal the Duties of Excise by the said recited Acts, or either of them, imposed, r or in respect of Paper printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, to serve for Hangings or other fes, or the Duties of Customs for or in respect of such Paper imported into Great BritTain\ any Thing ;rein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of April |ne thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, in lieu and instead of the said respective Duties of Customs and Excise hereby repealed* there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Duties of Customs and Excise herein after respectively mentioned; (that is to say,)

*7 Geo. ITI. Cap. 13. and

*7 Geo. III. C»p. 31. recited.

Duties imposed by recited Acts, repealed;

the Dutiei oft Paper for Hangings, &c. excepted;

and the following Duties to be paid t

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Paper, fit or proper, or that may be used for or applied to the por wrjn*nf> Uses or Purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, and of all Elephant Papers, and drawin*, print-all Cartridge Papers, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India Company or ing,&c. Paper trtherwife, a Custom Duty of Ten-pence; and for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such Papers which shall be made in Great Britain, an Excise Duty of Two-pence Halfpenny: a!r3 in *m

Great Britain, ad. aq. per lb.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of coloured Papers, and Whited Brown Papers, (other than and except Elephant and Cartridge Papers,) fit and proper for the Use or Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not nt or proper, or capable of being used for or applied to the Uses or Purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India Company

For c lou'ed and Whited Brown Papers imported, 4d. and for such made in Great

<jOo C. 20. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

rCf pany cr otherwise, a Custom Duty of Four-pence 5 and for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of alt such Papers (except as aforesaid) which shall be made in Great Britain, an Excise Duty of one Penny:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Brown Paper, fit and proper for the Useor Purpose or wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for or applied to the Uses or Purposes of writing, diawin^, and printing, or either of them, which shall he imported into Great Britain, whether by the East hula Company or otherwise, a Custom Duty of Two-pence; and for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of such Brown Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, an Excise Duty of one Halfpenny:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of every Sort or Kind of Paper, not hereinbefore enumerated or described, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India Company or otherwise, a Custom Duty of Ten-pence; and for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of such non-enumerated Paper, (other than and except Papers commonly called or known by the Names of Sweating Paper and Button Paper, or Button Board,) which shall be made in Great Britain, an Excise Duty of Two-pence Halfpenny:

Britain, td. lb.

For Prown Paper imported id. and for such made in Great Britain aq. fer lb.

For e»cry other i>ort of Paper imported iod. and for eterjr ot her Sort made in Great Britain, eicept Shcating and Button, xd. 13. per it>.

For P.fte, Mill, *nd Sc^leboa'd imported xcs. and for such made in Grc-it Britain lOf. 6d. per Ca t.

For Glazed Pa-) cr in poitfd jx*. ar.dfor such ir.ade in Great F-i»a r» Su pee Cwt-

For "Paper for Hanging? imported 6d. per lb.

And fnr Books imported ll. 3% 4d. per Cwt.

Duties to be paid by the Importers or Makers.

Duties to be an* der the Management of the Commissionen of Cudoms xnd Excise re-fpcnirely.

"The different Classes of Paper.

Makers of Paper* Past t board.

For every one hundred Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, which shall be imported j,nt® Great Britain, whether by the East India Company or otherwise, a Custom Duty of twenty Shillings; and for every one hundred Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, which shall be made in Great Britain, an Excise Duty o( ten Shillings and Six-pence, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity of the same respectively;

For every one hundred Weight of Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot Preflers, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India Company or otherwise, a Custom Duty of twelve Shillings; and for every one hundred Weight of Glazed Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, an Excise Duty of six Shillings, and (b in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of printed, painted, or stained Paper, for Hangings, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India Company or otherwise, over and above all other Duties of Customs imposed thereon, an additional Custom Duty of Six-pence, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

And for every hundred Weight of Books, whether bound or unbound, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India Company or otherwise, over and above all other Duties of Customs imposed thereon, an additional Custom Duty of one Pound three Shillings and Four-pence, and (bin Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

Which said several Custom Duties upon Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively imported into Great Britain, shall be paid by the Importers thereof respectively; and the said several Duties of Excise upon Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, made in Great Britain, shall be paid by the Makers thereof respectively.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Duties of Customs by this Act imposed as shall arise or become due in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being, and such thereof as shall arise or become due in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being; and that such of the Excise Duties by this Act imposed, as shall arise or become due in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being, and such thereof as shall arise or become due in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Paper fit or proper, or that maybe used for or applied to the Uses or Purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, and also all Elephant Papers, and all Cartridge Papers, which shall be made in Great Britain, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be Papers of the First Class within the Meaning of this Act; that all coloured Papers and all Whited Brown Papers, (not being Elephant or Cartridge Papers,) which shall be made in Great Britain, f\t and proper for the Use or Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper or capable of being used for or applied to the Uses or Purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be Paper of the Second Class within the Meaning of this Act; that all Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, fit and proper for the Use or Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and nqt fit or proper or capable of being used for or applied to the Uses or Purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be Paper of the Third Class within the Meaning of this Act; that every Sorter Kind of Paper, not enumerated or described in any of the three Classes hereinbefore mentioned, (other than and except Papers commonly called and knowri by the Names of Sheating Paper, and Button Paper, or Button Board,) which shall be made in Great Britain, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be Paper of the Fourth Class within the Meaning of this Act; and that all Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, for Clothiers and Hot Preflers, made in Great Britain, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be of the Fifth Class within the Meaning of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, before he, she, or they shall make any Paper, Paste-

board.

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 20.

board, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall, from Time to Time, make true and particular Entry in Writing of every Mill, Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, and other Place, by him, her, or them respectively intended to be made use of in or for the making, drying, or keeping Paper, Fafte-board. Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, or any Materials proper to be made into Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper respectively, and of all Vats, Presses, Utensils, and Vessels by him, her, or them intended to be used in or for the making Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, at the Office of Excise within the Compass or Limits whereof such Mill, Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, and other Place respectively shall be situate; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect to make any such Entry, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, together with all the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, and all the Materials proper to be made into Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper respectively, which shall at any Time be found in any Mill, Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, or other Place, used in or for the making, drying, or keeping of Paper, Pasteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, whereof no such Entry shall be made, and also all such Vats, Presses, Utensils, and Vessels, whereof no such Entry shall be made.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper whatsoever, made in Great Britain, shall be made up by the Maker or Makers thereof in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, All such Paper when made, shall be immediately made up into Quires, each such Quire to consist of twenty four Sheets, and such Quires shall immediately afterwards be made up into Reams or Bundles, each such Ream to consist of twenty such Quires, and each such Bundle to consist of forty such Quires; and all such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively shall be immediately made up into Parcels, each such Parcel containing even Dozens of Sheets, and not less than twenty-four nor more than seventy-two Sheets each Parcel 5 and all Quires, Reams, and Bundles of Paper, and all Parcels of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall within the Meaning of this Act be deemed to consist of such Quantities respectively, and of no other; and if any such Maker or Makers of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall neglect so to makeup such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, or shall at any Time make up any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, made in Great Britain, contrary to the Directions aforesaid, such Maker and Makers shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, and also all the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, made up contrary to the Directions of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, whose Mill or Mills, or Workhouse or Workhouses is or are situate in any City or Market Town, who shall have any Paper, Pasteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper to be weighed and charged with Duty, shall give or cause to be given to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Maker or Adakers shall then be, twenty-four Hours previous Notice in Writing, of the particular Hour and Time of the Day when such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper shall be to be weighed and charged with Duty; and all and every other Maker and Makers of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, who shall have any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, to be weighed and charged with Duty, shall give, or cause to be given, forty-eight Hours previous Notice in Writing in like Manner; and the Officer or Officers of Excise shall, from Time to Time, attend agreeably to such Notice given, and when and so soon as such Officer or Officers shall so attend, such Maker or Makers, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, shall produce and bring to such Officer or Officers all the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, for or in refoetft whereof the Duty is then intended to be charged, which Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and.Glazed Paper shall be brought, inclosed, or tied up in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, All such Paper shall be inclosed and tied up with strong Thread or String in several Covers or Wrappers containing one Ream or Bundle of Paper each, and not more or less; and all such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, shall be tied up with strong Thread or String in such Parcels as aforesaid, and that the different Parts of such Thread or String shall pass over and cross each other at the Middle of the Ream or Bundle of Paper or Parcel of Pasteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively; and where the different Parts of such Thread or String shall cross each other, the same shall be passed from thence over and across the Ends and Sides of such Ream or Bundle of Paper, or Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper respectively; and on each Cover or Wrapper, produced or brought to such Officer or Officers, there shall already b* denominated, marked, written, or printed, by the Maker or Makers of such Paper, or by his, her, or their Servant, in large and legible Characters, and in Words at Length, the Class of the Paper inclosed in each such Cover or Wrapper, distinguishing in which of the said four first Classes hereinbefore mentioned the Duty for or in respect of such Paper is chargeable, together with the true Number of such Ream or Bundle of Paper, according to the Numbers of such Reams or Bundles of Paper of each such Class made by such Maker or Makers at such Mill during the then current Quarter of a Year, commencing and to be computed from the fifth Day of "January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, or the tenth Day of October, as the Case may require, in each Year; such Number to be taken progressively, beginning one, two, and so onwards according to the Number of Reams or Bundles of Paper of each such Class made at such Mill in each such Quarter of a Year and that on each such Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, there shall in like Manner, before the same shall be produced or brought to such Officer or Officers, be denominated, marked, written, or printed, in large and legible Characters, and in Words at

5

fee, to make an Entiy with the Excise Officer of their Mills, &c»

Penalty for Neglect«

All Paper, &c, to be nude up in certain Quantities.

Penalty for Default.

Notice to be given to the Excise ©fficer when Paper,

Sec, is intended to be weighed.

Officer to attend, and the Paper, &c. to be produced to him in the Manner herein specified.

5°2

If r?p-r, frc,

Vic nut pjockccd jr* tf.e piopcr Manner, lu/h Nu i;c 10 be $i*cn.

C ^trmi*Tionp*i of Excise to provide Stamps.

f en«Vy for rounteffeiting Stamps See,

or feliirg Paper with a forged Mark, A:a.

DPe&iomto P.xcifc Officer* for flamping Paper, &c.

Penalty for defacing Matks on Wrappeii, Sec*

W

>20.' Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III.

Length, the Description of such Parcel, and whether such Parcel is Pasteboard, Millboarcl, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, and the Number of Sheets in each such Parcel, together with the true progressive Number of such Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, made by such Maker or Alakers at such Mill during the then current Quarter of a Year, commencing as aforesaid; and in case any Maker or leakers of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall not, at the Hour and Timfe mentioned in such Notice, produce to such Officer or Officers, all the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, for or in respect whereof any Duty is then to be charged, such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, being tied up, and the proper Ciafs, and other the Matters hereinbefore prescribed marked, written, or printed on the Cover or Wrapper of each such Ream or Bundle of Paper, and on each such Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, according to the Directions of this Act, then every such Notice shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void, and every such Maker or Makers of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall be obliged to give a fresh and like Notice before such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper shall be taken an account of or charged with Duty, and before he, she, or they shall remove, carry, or fend away, or fuft'er to be removed, carried, or sent away, any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, from the Mill where the same shall be made.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them respectively, shall from Time to Time provide proper Stamps, Devices, or Labels, for stamping or marking of all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, made in Great Britain, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by this Act imposed, and shall cause such Stamps, Devices, or Labels to be distributed to the respective Officers of Excise for the Purpose herein after mentioned; and the said Stamps, Devices, or Labels respectively, or any of them, shall or may be altered or renewed from Time to Time as the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or the major Part of them respectively, shall think fit.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall counterfeit, or cause to be counterfeited, any Stamp, Dfevice, or Label, provided or directed to be used in pursuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit, forge, or resemble the Mark or Impression of any such Stamp or Device upon any Cover or Wrapper of or belonging to, or used with or upon, any Label affixed to any Ream, Bundle, or Quantity of Paper, or upon any Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, or shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession any such counterfeit Stamp or Device, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or shall utter, vend, or sell any Paper with a counterfeit or forged Mark or Impression of any such Stamp or Device oa the Cover or Wrapper of such Paper, or on any Label affixed thereto, or any Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, with a counterfeit or forged Mark or Impression of any such Stamp or Device upon such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, or upon any Label affixed thereto, knowing the same to be so counterfeited or forged, or shall, upon any Ream, Bundle, or Quantity of Paper, which has not been duly entered with the proper Officer or Officers, and charged with the Duty of Exdfe imposed for or in respect of such Paper, knowingly put or place any Cover or Wrapper having thereon such counterfeit or forged Mark or Impression, or any such counterfeit Label, or shall knowingly wrap or cover any Ream, Bundle, or Quantity of Paper, in any Cover or Wrapper used before as a Cover or Wrapper to any other Quantity of Paper, or shall knowingly affix, tie up, put, place,-or add, any Pasteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, having thereon the Impression of any such Stamp or Device, or any Label, whether such Stamp, Device, or Label shall be true or counterfeit, to any Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, which has not been duly entered with the proper Officer, and charged with the Duty of Excise imposed for or in respect thereof, then and in every such Case, every such Person so offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so soon as the Officer or Officers of Excise, attending to charge such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall be satisfied that the several Conditions before specified have been fully complied with, according to the Directions of this Act, and shall have also ascertained the true Quantities and Weights of all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, such Officer or Officers shall forthwith stamp or mark each and every such Ream and Bundle of Paper, and every such Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, for or in respect whereof a Duty of Excise is by this Act imposed, with the

Proper Stamp or Device to denote the Duty of Excise imposed for or in respect of such Paper, Pasteboard, lillboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, being duly charged, or shall affix to each and every such Ream or Bundle of Paper, or to every such Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, a proper Label to denote the like Duty being so charged; and such Officer or Officers shall forthwith also write his or their Christian and Surnames on each and every such Ream or Bundle of Paper, and on each and every such Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, together with the Date, Day, and Year in which the Duty was charged for or in respect thereof respectively; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully deface, obliterate, or alter any of the respective Matters or Things hereinbefore prescribed to be denominated, marked, written, or printed on the Cover or Wrapper of any such Ream or Bundle of Paper, or upon any such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, or any Part thereof, after the respective Stamps, Marks, or Labels shall have been put thereon by the Officer or Officers of Excise, or shall wilfully deface or obliterate any Impression of any such Stamp or Mark, or shall wilfully deface, obliterate, or alter any such Christian or Surname of any such Officer or Officers, or any Part c f such Christian or Surname, or any such Date, or any Part thereof, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds. ^nj

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 20

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise, at all Times* to untie and open any Ream or Bundle of Paper* tied up in any Wrapper or Cover having either of the aforesaid Classes of Paper denominated* marked, written, or printed thereon, and to take thereout, by way of Sample, one or more Sheet or Sheets of Paper, not exceeding one Sheet out of each Quire, paying for such Sheet or Sheets of Paper fb taken (if demanded) the Market Price thereof; and if such Officer or Officers shall discover in any Ream or Bundle of such Paper, any Paper or Papers of a different Class than that which shall be denominated, marked, written, or printed on the Cover or Wrapper in which such Paper shall be inclosed, then and in such Case every such Ream and Bundle respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons who shall have marked, written, or printed any such faife Class on any such Cover or Wrapper shall, for every such Offence*, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall, once in every six Weeks, make a true Entry in Writing at the Office of Excise within the Limits whereof such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper shall be made, of all the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively by him, her, or them made, within such six Weeks respectively; which Entries shall contain the true Classes of all such Paper according to the said four Classes hereinbefore mentioned, the Number of Reams and Bundles of Paper, and the real Weights of the Reams and Bundles of Paper respectively of each such Clals, and also the real Number of Parcels, and the Quantity and Weight of all such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, for or in respect whereof a Duty of Excise is by this Act imposed, on Pain to forfeit for every Neglect of such Entry the Sum of fifty Pounds; which Entries shall be verified upon Oath by the Makers of such Paper, Pasteboard, Adillboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, or his, her, or their chief Workman or Servant employed in making the same; provided that no such Maker or Makers shall be obliged to go further than the Market Town next to the Place where such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively shall be made, for the making of such Entries as aforesaid; which Oaths shall and may be administered by the proper Collector, Surveyor, or Supervisor of Excise, without any Fee or Charge for administering the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker or Makers of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall, from Time to Time, within six Weeks after he, she, or they shall make, or ought to have made, such Entry of the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper by him, her, or them made as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the Duties of Excise for all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, by him, her, or them respectively made, upon Pain of forfeiting double the Amount of such Duties.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Maker or Makers of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall remove, carry, or fend away, or fufter to be removed, carried, or sent away, from the Mill where the same shall be made, any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, by him, her, or them made, until the proper Officer shall have taken an Account thereof; nor shall remove any such Paper in any less Quantity than in a Ream or Bundle, nor any such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper in any less Quantity than the entire Paicel in which the Duty was charged, nor until every such Ream and Bundle of Paper, and every such Parcel of such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scalecoard, and Glazed Paper respectively, shall have been duly weighed and charged, and stamped, marked, or labelled as herein is directed, nor shall remove, carry, or fend away, or fufter to be removed, carried, or sent away, any such Paper, without having thereon the Cover or Wrapper in which such Paper was charged with the Duty, nor any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, without the Impression of the Officer's Stamp or Label, nor without the Officer or Officers Christian and Surnames, together with the Day and Year when such Duty in respect thereof was charged, and the several Matters hereinbefore in that Behalf prescribed being marked, written, printed, or fixed on such Cover or Wrapper of Paper, or on such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence, and every such Ream or Bundle of Paper, together with the Package containing the same; and all such Pasteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, that shall be found removing or removed contrary to the Directions of this Act, shall be forfeited, together with the Horses or other Cattle, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, used in removing or carrying the same, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Maker or Makers of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall remove or convey away any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper from the Mill or other Place where the same shall have been weighed by the Officer or Officers of Excise, for the Purpose of charging the Duty, before the Expiration of twenty-four Hours next after the same shall have been so weighed; and all and every Maker and Makers of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, shall, from Time to Time, keep all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and (Razed Paper respectively, which shall have bcenfo weighed, separate and apart from all other Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper for the Space of twenty-four Hours from the Time when the tame shall have been so weighed, unless the same shall sooner have been re-weighed by the Surveyor or Supervisor of Excise, to the End that such Surveyor or Supervisor may have an Opportunity to reweigh the same after such Officer or Officers; and if upon the re-weighing any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, any additional Weight shall be

S03

Officers may take out Sam* pies, and may seize Paper found of a differentCIafs than marked on the Wrapper.

Penalty for marking a faife Class on Wrapper.

Paper Makers to make Entries at the Excise Office every six Weeks of the Quantities made*

hut Hi all not be obliged to go further than the n-rxt Market Town.

Within fix Weeksafterfucls Entry made, the Duty to be paii on Penalty of double the Amount.

No Paper, Sec, to be removed until an Accourtt shall be taken by the Officer, See,

Penalty for DeV fault.

No Pap*-, &c. to be removed 'ill Hours afver weighing.

Paper, Sec, weighed to be kept separate, from other Parcels, that the Supervisor may re-weigh it.

kr-

5<H

Ptnalry foi Default.

On 4% Hour* previous Notice, Paper, &c. may be removed from rn: Mill to a no. her to be finifted, on Certificate from the Officer, &c.

Piper, Sec, stumped, to be kept separate from that undamped; and one Oafs apart from another.

Officers may enter Mill*, &c. and take an Account of Paper mide, and malte a Report 10 the Commissioners of Exti'e, leaving a Copy with the Maker if Ocmanced.

Penalty for not heaving such Copy.

Makers to keep Scales and Weights for the Use of the Officer, on Penalty of tool.

Penalty for providing false Weights or Scale?, See

C. 20. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

found, such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper shall be liable to, and chargeable

with the said respective Rates and Duties of Excise by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, according to such last mentioned Weight; and if any such lMaker or Makers shall remove, or cause or suffer to be removed, any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or shall not keep all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, which shall have been weighed, separate and apart from all other Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, in Manner hereinbefore directed, the Maker or Makers of such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act: contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to hinder or prevent any Maker or Makers of Paper from sending such Paper from the Mill where the same shall be made, upon forty-eight Hours Notice in Writing being previously given to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Maker or Makers shall then be, to any other Mill to be sized or finished fit for Use, in order that such Officer may attend and take an Account thereof, and provided that such Paper be removed with a proper Certificate from such Officer, expressing the Clals and Quantity of such Paper, and that when such Paper shall have been so removed to the Mill or Place where the same is to be sized or made fit for Use, the same shall be at such Mill or Place under the like Directions as to stamping, marking, labelling, and all Matters and Things, as if such Paper had been finished and sized at the Mill where made; and such Maker or Makers shall, for the Breach of any of the Directions aforesaid, be subject to the like Penalty as he, she, or they would have been subject to if the said Paper had not been removed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall at all Times keep all the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, by him, her, or them respectively made, which shall have been charged and damped, marked or labelled as aforesaid, by the Officer or Officers of Excise, separate and apart from all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, which shall not have been charged and damped, marked or labelled by the Officer or Officers of Excise, and shall also keep all Paper which shall have been so marked, damped, or labelled of one Class, separate and apart from all other such Paper so marked, stamped, or labelled, of any other Class, on Pain that all and every such Maker and Makers offending therein, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise, or any or either of them, from Time to Tithe, and at all Times by Day or by Night, but if in the Night, then k» the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every the Mills, Workhouses, Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, and other Places, entered or made use of by any Maker or Makers of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, in or for the making, keeping, or drying Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, or Materials proper to be made into Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, and by weighing, tale, or otherwise, as to such Officer or Officers shall seem meet, to take an Account of the Kinds and Quantities of the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, which (Lall have been made by such Maker or Makers, from Time to Time, and shall thereof make a Report or Return in Writing to the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or to such Person as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same, leaving or giving a true Copy of such Report under his Hand, with, for, or to such Maker or Makers, (if such Copy shall be demanded in Writing,) and such Report or Return of the Officer or Officers shall be a Charge upon such Maker or Makers respectively; and if any such Officer shall refute to give or leave a true Copy of his Report, in Writing, at the Time of taking such Accounts, such Copy being demanded as aforesaid, such Officer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings to such Maker or Makers.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall, and he, she, and they respectively are hereby required to keep sufficient and just Scales and Weights, at the Place or Places where he, she, or they shall make, or produce to be charged, any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paj>er, and also to permit and fu-fter any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the same for the Purpose of ascertain-rr.g the Duties of Excise imposed by this Act for or in respect of such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scale-board, or Glazed Paper; and if any such Maker or Makers of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall neglect to keep such Scales and Weights, or either of them, or shall not permit or fufter any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the same for the Purpose aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred rounds; and if any such Maker or Makers of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall, for the weighing of any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, provide or make use of, or cause or procure or suffer to be provided or made use of, any false, unjustj or inefficient Scales or Weights or shall prndife any Art, Device, or Contrivance, by which any such Officer or Officers may be hindered or prevented from taking (he just and true Weight of any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, then and in every such Case such Maker or Makers of Paper, Pasteboard, Miilboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, together with all such false, unjust, or inefficient Scales and Weights respectively, and the same shall and may be Seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 20.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Paper, Pasteboard, Mill- board, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall, when and so ofcen as he, she, or they shall be thereunto required by the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, or by any Surveyor or Supervafor of Excise, bring or causetobe brought and put into and taken out of the Scale, all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, belonging to such Makepor Makers, and which such Officer or Officers shall be desirous to weigh and take an Account of, or which such Surveyor or Supervisor shall be desirous to re-weigh; and shall also, on the Request of such Officer or Officers, pr Surveyor or Supervisor, by themselves respectively, and with a sufficient Number of their Servants, aid and assist, to the utmost of their Power, such Officer or Officers in weighing and taking an Account of, and such Surveyor or Supervisor of Excise, in re-weighing all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, of such Maker or Makers, on Pain of forfeiting.for every Neglect or Refusal thereof, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Surveyors, Supervisors, and Officers of Excise, shall, in the weighing and re-weighing of all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, for the Purpose of charging the Duty of Excise thereon, give the Turn of the Scale in favour of the Crown, and in lieu thereof shall allow the Makers of such Paper, Pasteboard, M;llboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, two Pounds Weight Avoirdupois upon each and every one hundred Pounds of such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper respectively 16 weighed, and so in proportion for any greater or Idler Quantity.

XXII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Maker or Makers of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall, in the weighing of any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, for the Purpose of charging the Duty of Excise thereon, make use of, or cause, permit, or suffer to be used, any Weight less than a Pound Weight, on Pain of forfeiting the said Allowance; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Paper, Pasteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, made in Great Britain, shall be fraudulently deposited, hid, or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty of any of the Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect thereof, all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively shall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the better to enable such Officer or Officers to discover such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively so forfeited, if any such Officer or Officers of Excise shall have Cause to suspect that any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper shall be so deposited, hid or concealed, in any Place or Places whatsoever, then and in every such Case if such Place or Places shall be within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, or any two or more of them, or before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Liberty where such Place or Places shall be, or in case such Place or Places shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Shire, Division, or Place where such Officer or Officers shall f'ufpeiSt the same to be deposited, hid, or concealed, setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or the Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, as the Case may require, before whom such Oath shall be made, if they or he shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant or Warrants, under his and their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, but if in the Night, then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every such Place or Places, where he or they shall so suspect such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper respectively to be so deposited, hid, or concealed, and to seize and carry away all such Paper, Pasteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, which he or they shall then and there find so forfeited, together with the Packages containing the same; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Stationer or Stationers, or Dealer or Dealers in Paper, shall bring or receive into his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Paper made in Great Britain which shall not at the Time of such Stationer or Stationers, or Dealer or Dealers receiving the same into his, her, or their Custody or Possession be an entire Ream or *bundle of Paper, and inclosed in a Cover or Wrapper having thereon the Impression of the Officer's Stamp or Label denoting the Duty of Excise by this Act imposed, to have been charged for or in respect of such Paper, nor without the Officer or Officers Christian and Surnames, together with the Day and Year when such Duty was charged, and the Class directed to be marked, written, or printed at the Time of such Duty being charged, being on such Cover or Wrapper, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds, together with all such Paper which shall be so received by any such Stationer or Stationers, or Dealer or Dealers in Paper contrary to the Directions of this Act, and all such Paper shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Stationer or Stationers, or Dealer or Dealers in Paper, nor any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall restore, return, re-deliver, or send, or procure, permit, or suffer to be restored, returned, re-delivered, or sent to any Maker or Makers of Paper, nor to any Mill, Workhouse, Storehouse, Room, or other Place, to any such Maker or Makers belonging, nor to any other Place or Places whatever, to or for the Use of any Maker or Makers of Paper,

5°5

lyialcers to assist the Officer in weighing Papr#

Penalty for Neglect.

Officers to give the Turn of the Scale in favour of the Crown, allowing the Maker alb. p-P Cwt.

hut no Weight less thin 1 b. to be used, on Penalty of lefing the Allowance,

Piper, &c. fraudulently hid to be forfeited.

Officers may search for Paper, Scc. so concealed, on War ant for so doing.

Penehy for such Concealment,

No Stationer shall receive into his Possession any Paper made in Great Britain but in an entire Ream, dec.

Penalty for Default,

No Wrapper to be returned to the Maker,

I

506

t>Vt OB oponing Paper to b« <0-ftrojed.

Maker no* to re* tei*e any such 'Wrapper.

Peralty on Stationer! fending, or Marker r«-eeiviri^ used Wrappers. Penalry not to ert^ni to Paper opened and re-rimed 3s dif-liked.

Paper, Materials, Utensil*, &c. liable to the Duties and to Peaalties^.

Paper made in Great Britain may beexportrd, end a Drawback allowed "on err-fain Conations, &c*

Drawback not to be allowed nnlefa the Paper be enclosed in the Wrapper in which it was barged with Dity, Src.

C. 20. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

any Wrapper or Cover which has been before used as a Wrapper or Cover to any Pap$r, and marked, stamped, or labelled with the Mark, Stamp, or Label directed by this Act to be used, to denote the Duties of Excise imposed for or in respect of any Sort of Paper being charged, but that all and every Stationer and Stationers, or Dealer and Dealers in Paper, shall, and they are reflectively required, upon opening any Ream or Bundle of Paper, forthwith to destroy, or cause to be destroyed, the Wrapper or Cover in which such Paper was enclosed, and the Impression of the Mark or Stamp, or the Label put thereon by the Officer or Officers of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act; nor shall any Maker or Makers of Paper. receive, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer to be received, restored, returned, re-delivered, or fent to him, her, or them, or to be kept or deposited at any Mill, Workhouse, Storehouse, Room, or other Place to him, her, or them belonging, or at any other Place to or for his, her, or their Ufc, any such Wrapper, Cover, or Label, which has been before used as a Cover, Wrapper, or Label to any Quantity of Paper, or in or with which any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper has been removed, carried, orfent away, by any Maker or Makers of Paper, on Pain that every such Stationer or Dealer, or Maker of Paper shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds, together with every such Wrapper, Cover, or Label, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excite.

XXVI. Provided always nevertheless. That nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to inflict the Paid Penalty of one hundred Pounds, for or on account of the not destroying or returning any Wrapper or Cover which hath been opened, containing therein the same identical Ream or Bundle of Paper which was removed, carried, or lent away by the Maker or Makers thereof, and which is returned to him, her, or them, on account of the same being disliked and refused by the Person or Persons to whom the same was sent, or for or on account of the not destroying or returning any Label affixed to such Wrapper or Cover; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Paper, Pasteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard, and* Glazed Paper, and all the Materials and Utensils for the making thereof, in the Custody of any Maker or Makers of Paper, Patteboaid, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, or of any Person or Persons to the liie of or in Trust for any such Maker or Makers, shall be liable and subject to, and the same reflectively are hereby made chargeable with, all the Debts and Duties for Paper, Paste-board, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively made, in Arrear and owing by such Maker or Makers, for any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, so made by him, her, or them, or in his, her, or their Mill, Workhouse, Warehouse, or other Place, and shall also be subject and liable to satisfy all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Maker or Makeis, or other Person or Persons, uling such Mill, Workhouse, Warehouse, or other Place, for any Offence against this Act, relating to the said Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Piper respectively; and it Dial! and may be lawful in all such Cases to levy such Debts, Duties, and Penalties, on such Paper, Pasteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Materials, and Utensils, or any of them, and to use-such Proceedings as may lawfully be done in relation to Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, in case the Debtors or Offenders were the true and lawful Owners of tie fame.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons who shall have actually paid the Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of Paper made in Great Britain, and to and for any other Person and Persons who shall buy. or be lawfully entitled unto any such Paper from the Person or Persons who actually paid the Duties for the same, to export such Paper to any Parts beyond the Seas by way of Merchandize, under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, slave and except the Oath herein after in that Behalf required,) so far as the same respectively are applicable thereto, which are contained, provided, settled, or established, in or by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for directing the Officers of Excise to examine and certify the Exportation of Exciseable Commodities, or in or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Exportation of Paper made in Great Britain on Drawback in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, lave and except that in lieu and instead of that Part herein after mentioned, of the Oath or Affirmation required by the find AS of the twenty-fifth Year aforesaid, to be made by the Exporter, or his Clerk or Manager, that be believes the Duties upon such Commodities had been fully paid, such Exporter, or his Clerk or Manager, shall make Oath that he believes the Duties of Excise by this Act imposed to have been fully paid for such Paper, and thereupon a Drawback of the said Duty by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Paper shall be allowed; and the Lid several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (except as aforesaid,) so far as the same respectively are applicable thereto, shall be in foil force, and shall be, and the same are hereby directed to be observed, practised, applied, and put in Execution upon such Exportation of any such Paper, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same respectively had been re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XXIX. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to entitle any Person or Persons whatsoever to any such Drawback for or in respect of any such Paper, unless the Officer of Excise, who shall attend to fee such Paper packed up in order to be exported, shall then find such Paper enclosed in the Cover or Wrapper in which the same was charged with Duty, with the Impression of the Officer's Stamp, and hit Christian and Surname, with the Date of the Charge of the Duty for or in respect of such Paper, and the Class thereof, together with the several Matters hereinbefore prescribed and directed to be marked, written, or printed, remaining on such Cover or Wrapper; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for fetch Ofill ccr.

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 20. 507

cer, who shall attend to fee such Paper packed up as aforesaid, and such Officer is hereby required to take off, or cause to be taken off, or to fee taken off, all and every the Impressions of the Officer's Stamp or Label from every Ream or Bundle of such Paper intended to be packed up in order to be exported, before the same is packed up in order to be exported; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may also be lawful to and Printers or

for any Person or Persons using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Printer or Bookseller in Great Britain, Bookseller* may to export any printed Books, either unbound, or bound with any Materials reflectively liable to any Duties 0A

of Excise, and for which the Duties of Excise imposed for or in respect thereof have been paid, and printed Virion* °n~ on Paper of the first Oafs hereinbefore mentioned, and for all which Paper so to be exported the Duty by,

this Act imposed shall have been paid, to any Parts beyond the Seas, by way of Merchandize, under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures*

(save and except the Oaths herein after respectively required,) so far as the said Rules, Regulations, Re-ftridions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures respectively, can or may be applied thereto, which are contained, provided, settled, or established, in or by the said Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty aforesaid, save and except that in lieu and instead of that Part herein after mentioned of the Oath or Affirmation required by the said Act, to be made by the Exporter or his Clerk or Manager, that he believes-the Dunes upon such Commodities have been fully paid, such Exporter, or his Clerk or Manager, shall, in Case such printed Books unbound shall be to be exported, make Oath that he believes the Duty of Excise by this Act imposed to have been fully paid for such Paper, and also that he believes that no Drawback has been before received by any Person or Persons whatever, for or in respect of such Paper or any Part thereof; and in case such primed Books bound with any such Materials as aforesaid, shall be to be exported, then such Exporter, or his Clerk or Manager, shall make further Oath, besides the Oath before mentioned, that he believes the several Duties of Excile by any Act or Acts of Parliament imposed for or in respect of the Materials of which the Binding is composed to have been paid, and that he believes that such Book or Books has not or have not before been sold to any Person or Persons, not using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Printer or Bookseller; and in case such Book or Books shall be printed in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern Languages, such Exporter, or his Clerk or Manager, shall, over and besides the several Matters hereinbefore directed to be sworn to, make Oath that he believes that the said Book or Books was not or were not printed within the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them, by Permission of the Vice-Chancellors of the same respectively, nor within the Universities of Scotland, or any of them, by Permission of the Principals of the same respectively; and that Drawback to be a Drawback of Two-pence par Pound Weight Avoirdupois shall be allowed for and in respect of such printed allowed tn such Bocks unbound or bound with such Materials as aforesaid, under and subject to the said several Rules, Re- ExPortatKn* gulations. Refttidions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures (except as is is this Behalf before excepted); and which Rules, Regulations, Reflections, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (except as aforesaid,) so far as the same respectively can or may be applied to the Exportation of such printed Books, shall be extended to the same respectively, and shall be in full force, and the same are hereby di-reded to be observed, practised, applied, and put in Execution, upon such Exportation of such printed Books, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same respectively had been re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XXXI. Provided always nevertheless. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed Such Drawback or construed to extend, to entitle any Person or Persons whatsoever to any such Drawback for or in respect to be

of any such printed Books, unless the Paper thereof shall have visible in the Subdance thereof a Mark com- ^au^Mark be mon-ly called a Water Mark, of the Date of the present Year of our Lord in the following Figures 1794, visible in the or in like Manner of some subsequent Year of our Lord; nor for or in respect of the Paper of any Books Paper, nor for in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern Languages, printed within the two Universities of Oxford and Latin Books, Cambridge, or either of them, by Permission of the Vice-Chancellors of the same respectively, or within &c* Pri.nted \n the Universities of Scotland, or any of them, by Permission of the Principals of the same respectively; nor for or in respect of Bibles, Testaments, Psalm Books, or Books of Common Prayer, printed in the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them, by Permission of the Vice-Chancellors of the same respectively; nor for or in respect of Bibles, Testaments, Psalm Books, Books of Common Prayer, Confession of Faith, or larger or shorter Catechisms, printed by the King's Printers in England and Scotland respectively; nor for or in respect of any other printed Books which have ever been before sold to any Person

not using and exercising the Trade or Business of a Printer or Bookseller: Provided also, That nothing in to°aVca Draw'* this Act contained shall extend to deprive any Person or Persons of any Drawback to which he, she, or they back on Exporr-would have been entitled if this Act had not been made, on the Exportation of Paper which shall be made ation of Paper in Great Britain, and charged with Duty before the paiiing of this Act, but that every such Drawback shall charged with be allowed $ any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. ^mV^his

XXXII. And, for preventing Frauds in the Exportation of Paper on Drawback, be it further enacted by Books without the Authority aforesaid, That it any Printer, Bookseller, or other Person, Avail, in any Package or Parcel Water of Books intended for Exportation on Drawback, put or pack up any Book or Books, the Paper whereof Mark> &c* Put shall not have visible in the Substance thereof such Water Mark as aforesaid, or any Book or Books which Draw-

shall have been previously (old to any Person or Persons not using or exercising the Trade or Business of a back, f0 be f0J. Printer or Bookseller, or any Book or Books which shall have been before exported, or any Book or Books feiud. in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern Languages, or any Bible, Tefl ament, Plalm Book, or Book

S°8 C. 20. Anno tricdlmo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

of Common Prayer, Confession of Faith, or larger or shorter Catechism, printed within the Universities of England and Scotland, or any of them, by Permission of the Vice-Chancellors and Principals of the same respectively, or any Bible, Testament, Pfaltn Book, Book of Common Prayer, Confdhon of Faith, or larger or shorter Catechism, printed by the King's Printers in England and Scotland respectively, then and in Inch Case all and every such Package or Parcel, and all the Books of every Kind therein contained, shall be forfeited, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise. S'airntM may

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and c*w?3o<‘kdiAc' ^or an^ ^er^on or Persons using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Stationer in Great Britain, to ex|x>rt retain Coal °° anV ri*l<*'d Account-Books made of Paper of the first Class hereinbefore mentioned, bound with any Materials diiiuns respectively liable to any Duties of Excise, (for all which Paper lb to be exported the Duty by this Act

imposed shall have been paid,) to any Parts beyond the Seas, by way of Merchandize, under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (faveand except the Oaths herein after respectively required,) so far as the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures respectively, can or may be applied thereto, which are contained,

provided, settled, or established in or by the said Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, save also and except that in lieu and instead of that Part herein after mentioned of the Oath or Affirmation required by the said Act to be made by the Exporter, or his Clerk or Manager, that he believes the Duties upon such Commodities have been fully paid, such Exporter, or his Clerk or Ma-1 nager, shall make Oath that he believes the Duty of Excise by this Act imposed to have been fully paid for such

Paper, and also that he believes that no Drawback has been before received by any Person or Persons whatever, for or in respect of such Paper, or any Part thereof, and that he believes the lame have not before been Drawback to be (old to any Person or Persons not using or exercising the 'Frade or Business of a Stationer; and that a Draw-aiioweo on such back of Two-pence per Pound Weight Avoirdupois shall be allowed for and in respect of such ruled Ao-Esportation $ count-Books bound as aforesaid, under and subject to the said several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures (except as is in this Behalf before excepted); and which Rule?, Regulations, Restrictions, F ines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (except as aforesaid,) so far as the same respectively can or may be applied to the Exportation of such ruled Account Books, shall be extended to the same, respectively, and shall be in full force, and the lame are hereby directed to be observed, practised, applied, and put in Execution upon such Exportation of such ruled Account-Books, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same respcdrvdy had been re-enacted in the Body of this Act. hot not onless

XXXIV. Provided always nevertheless. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed l^C YnerMark or construe^ to extend, to entitle any Person or Persons whatever to any such Drawback for or in respect of lc T.ublr, &c. any ^ucj1 rujej Account-Books, unless the Paper thereof shall have visible in the Substance thereof a Mark, commonly called a Water Mark, of the Date of the present Year of our Lord in the following Figures 1794, or in like M toner of forne subsequent Year of our Lord, nor for or in respect of any ruled Account-Books which have ever been before sold to any Person not using and exercising the Tiadc or Business of f Stationer.

Pr»of of Paper

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Question shall arise, whether iein? of the any Paj>er is really and bona fide of or belonging to the Oafs marked, written, or printed on the Cover or ciaisimarked on Wrapper containing the same, (although such Paper should appear to have been entered or kept in the upon the* C Officer's Books, as being of or belonging to such Class,) the Proof of such Paper being really and bona fit Owaen. of and belonging to the Class marked, written, or printed on the Cover or Wrapper containing the same,

shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer of such Paper by the Oaths of two or more credible Witnesses, being skilful and experienced Persons, competent to decide by Examination thereof.

Penalty frr ob-

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatfbevev Bruiting offi- shall ailaulr, oppose, molest, obstruct, or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of

ters* this Act, or of any of the Powers or Authorities given by this Act, all and every such Person or Persons

so offending shall, for every such Offence, severally forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, on Paper

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Encouragement wfed in printing of Learning, so much Money as shall from Time to Time be paid for the Duties of Excise granted by this Eat n Books, ic. Act for any Quantities of Paper which shall be used in the printing any Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, tieaof EnUod or Northern Languages, within the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them, by Pfcr-maVbc drfwn million of the Vice-Chancellors of the same respectively, shall and may be drawn back and repaid in Manner back in the following; (that is to say,) the Chief Manager of the P refs in each of the said Universities shall and may

Manner herein from Time to TVne make Proof, by Oath in Writing, before the Vice-Chancellor, who is hereby em-

fyecified; powered to administer the same, expressing therein the Kinds and Quantities of the Paper so used, and how

much the Excise Duties thereof payable by this Act doth amount to; which said Oath in Writing, certified by the Vice-Chancellor, and produced to the Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, the said Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall forthwith, from Time to Time, issue his or their Orders or Warrants to the respective Commissioners of Excise, to cause Payment to be made of such Money as the Excile Duties payable by this Act for the Paper.so used in the priming of the said Books in the said Universities as aforesaid shall amount to; the same Payment to be made without Fee or Charge whatsoever, and without Delay, to such Person or Persons as the said respective Vice-Chancellors shall authorize and appoint to receive the same, out of any of {be Excile Duties upon Paper arising by this Act; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

at tlfe fot such

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Encouragement Backs printed of Learning, so much as shall from Time to Time be paid for the Duties of Excise granted by this Act for

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto

£1 v> i\

printing liibles, &c.

Conditions on which such Drawbacks are to be allowed:

any Quantities of Paper which shall be used in the printing any Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or >*»Uiive-G. Northern Languages, within the Universities of Scotland, or any of them, by Permission of the Principals *ic5of Scotland* of the same respectively, Qitil and may be drawn back and repaid in Manner following; (that is to say,)

(he Chief Manager of the Press in each of the said Universities, shall and may from Time to Time make Proof, by Oath in Writing before the Principal, (who is hereby empowered to administer the same,) expressing therein the Kinds and Quantities of the Paper so used, and how much the Excise Duty thereof payable by this Act doth amount to; which Oath, in Writing, being certified by the Lid Principal, and produced to the Lord Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall forthwith from Time to Time issue his or their Orders or Warrants to the respective Commissioners of PJx-cife, to cause Payment to be made of so much Monies as the Excile Duties upon the Paper so used in the printing of the said Books in the said Universities of Scotland shall amount to; the same Payments to be made without any Fee or Charge whatsoever, and without Delay, to such Person or Persons as the said respective Principals shall authorize and appoint to receive the same, out of any of the Excise Duties upon Taper arising by this Act in Scotland; any Thing in this ASX contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And whereas it is expedient that an Allowance should be made for all Paper used in printing Treasury to or-

Bibles, Testaments, Pfaim Books, Books of Common Prayer, and Confession of Faith, and the larger and der a Drawback

shorter Catechism be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to °J *b: ,m and for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time jp r u t ,n being, upon being satisfied that the Duty of Excise by this Act imposed had been fully paid for any Quantity of Paper of the first Class hereinbefore mentioned used in the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them., by Per mi (lion of the Vice-Chancellors of the same, or used by the King's Printers in England and Scotland respectively, in the printing of Bibles, Testaments, Pfaim Books, Books of Common Prayer of the Church of England, the Book commonly called or known in Scotland by the Name of the Confession of Faith, or the larger or shorter Catechism of the Church of Scotland, to issue his or their Orders or Warrants> from Time to Time, authorising and directing the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, out of the Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of Paper made in Great Britain, to pay and allow to such Vice-Chancellors and King's Printers respectively, or to the Person or Persons by them respectively authorized to receive the same, a Drawback or Allowance of Two-pence per Pound Weight, for all such Paper so used as aforesaid.

XL. Provided always nevertheless. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to entitle any Person or Persons whatever to any such Drawback or Allowance, for or in respect of any such Paper used in the printing any such Bibles, Testaments, Pfaim Books, Books of Common Prayer, Confession of Faith, or the larger or shorter Catechism, unless the said Paper shall have visible in the Substance thereof a Mark, commonly called a Water Mark, of the Date of the present Year of our Lord, in the following Figures 1794, or of some subsequent Year of our Lord, nor unless the Chief Manager of the Press in such Universities respectively, or such King's Printers in England and Scotland re-fbedlively, shall, at lead forty-eight Hours before any such Paper is begun to be prepared for printing, give or cause to be given to the proper Officer of Excise, a Notice in Writing of the Intention to print such Paper, specifying in such Notice the Number of Reams or Bundles of such Paper so intended to be printed, and whether the same is to be printed for Bibles, Testaments, Pfaim Books, Common Prayer Books, Books of Confession of Faith, or the larger or shorter Catechism, of what Size the intended Impre/fion or Edition of such Book intended to be printed is to be, and of how many Copies the intended Impression or Edition thereof is to consist, nor unless all such Paper shall, on such Officer's Attendance, be produced to him, inclosed in the original Covers or Wrappers in which the same was charged with Duty, with the Impression of the Officer's Stamp and his Christian and Surname, and the Date of the Charge of the Duty, with the Class of such Paper, and the several Matters hereinbefore prescribed and directed to be marked, written, or printed, remaining on such Covers or Wrappers respectively, nor unless such Chief Managers or King's Printers respectively shall provide good and sufficient Scales and Weights, and permit and aftift such Officer to use the same for the Purpose of ascertaining the true Quantity and Weight of such Paper, nor unless the Chief Manager of the Press in such Universities respectively, or such King's Printers respectively, shall, in Lke Manner, within one Month next after the Whole of such Impression or Edition shall have been printed off, disguised, and finished, give or cause to be given to the proper Officer of Exci/e forty-eight Hours Notice wi Writing of such Impression or Edition being printed oft, dried, and finished, and thereupon such Officer shall attend and inspect. examine, and weigh the whole of such Impression or Edition unbound and in Sheets, and shall thereupon give and deliver to such Chief Manager of the Press or King's Printer, as the Case may require, a Certificate in Writing of his havingfo done, speccifying therein the Name of such Book, together with the Size thereof, and the Number of Copies of which such Impression or Edition consists, and the Weight of the Paper on which the same is printed, but if such Weight shall exceed the Weight of the Paper actually produced to and taken Account of by the proper Officer previous to the printing thereof as aforesaid, then and in such Case such last mentioned Weight shall be inserted in such Certificate, and the Allowance shall be made for no greater Quantity or Weight than the Weight specified in such Certificate; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. Provided also, That no such Allowance shall be made for or in respect of any such Paper used in Further Con-the printing any such Bibles, Testaments, Pfaim Books, Books of Common Prayer, Confession of Faith, diiionson which or the larger or /horter Catechisms, unle/s the Chief Manager of the Press in such Universities respectively, ru:h or such King's Printers respectively, shall make and subscribe on the Back of such Certificate such Oaih in tc * Writing as is in each respective Case herein after prescribed; that is to say, the Chief Manager of the

5io

C. 20. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

Press in the said Universities of Oxford and Cambridge respectively shall make Oath before the Vice-Chancellors of the said Universities respectively, (which Oaths they the said Vice-Chancellors respectively are hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) of the Quantity and Weight of the Paper actually made use of in the printing of any such Impression or Edition of the Bible, Testament, Psalm Book, Book of Common Prayer, Confession of Faith, or larger or (hotter Catechism, as the Case may be, and that such Chief Manager of the Press believes the Duty by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Paper used in the printing of the Impression or Edition mentioned in such Certificate has been fully paid, and that no Drawback or Allowance has been before claimed or paid for or in respect of such Paper, or any Part thereof; and the King's Printers in England and Scotland respectively shall make Oath before the Commissioners of Excise, or any two or more of them, in England and Scotland respectively, (whidh Oath they the said respective Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) of the Quantity and Weight of the Paper actually made use of in the printing of any such Impression or Edition of the Bible, Testament, Psalm Book, Book of Common Prayer, Confession of Faith, or larger or (hotter Catechism, as the Case may require, and that such King's Printer believes the Duty by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Paper used in the printing of such Impression or Edition has been fully paid, and that no Drawback or Allowance has been before claimed or paid for or in respect of such Paper, or any Part thereof, and that the Whole of the said Impression or Edition of such Bible, Testament, Psalm Book, Book of Common Prayer, Confession of Faith, or larger or shorter Catechism, has been printed by him or them at his or their usual and ordinary Printing-House, on his or their own Account, under and by virtue of the exclusive Patent, Authority, or Privilege belonging to him or them as such King's Printer, and for his or their sole and entire Benefit, Profit, Emolument, and Advantage.

Pasteboard made

XLII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That Pasteboard made in Great Britain, wholly of in Great Britain paper which shall have paid the Duties charged and chargeable by this Act, shall not be charged with any fllail have paid further or other Duties by virtue of this Act, upon the passing or annexing together the Sheets of such Paper, the Duty not li- and its receiving thereby the Denomination of Pasteboard or Pasted Paper*

able to further Charge.

Persons taking a false Oath to be liable to the Penalty for Perjury.

Foreign Paper imported in less Quantity than a Ream, forfeited.

Officers of the Customs at the Port of Importation to stamp Foreign Paper, and the Commissioners to provide Stamps &c,

Penalty for defacing, &c. such Stamps, See,

This Act not to alter 31 Geo. III. Cap. 54.

Penalty for counterfeiting Stamps, See*

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath, in any of the Cases in which an Oath is required to be taken, by virtue of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force, immediately before the passing of this Act, in order to obtain any Drawback or Allowance by this Act granted, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XLIV. And whereas it is expedient that Foreign Paper should not be allowed to be imported in any less c Quantity than a Ream be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Foreign Paper, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, in any less Quantity than a Ream, each such Ream containing twenty Quires, and each Q^Jire thereof twenty-four Sheets, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

XLV. And, in order to secure the due Payment of the Duties imposed by this Act upon the Importation of Foreign Paper;' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer or Officers of the Customs at the Port or Place where any Foreign Paper shall be imported, shall cause such Paper, whether in a Ream or exceeding a Ream, to be marked, stamped, or ftaled in such Manner as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any four or more of them in England, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them for the Time being, shall think fit to direct; and the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to proper Stamps, Marks, or Seals, for marking, (tamping, or sealing all Foreign Paper imported, to denote the charging the Duties thereon, and the same to cause to be distributed to the proper Officers of the Customs, for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, which Officers are hereby enjoined and required to mark, stamp, or seal the lame, in such Manner as the said Commissioners respectively shall from Time to Time think fit to direct, which Stamps, Marks, or Seals, to be provided in pursuance of this Act, may be altered or renewed, from Time to Time, as the said respective Commissioners shall from Time to Time think fit to direct.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall, with Intent to defraud his Majesty of his just Duties, wilfully cut out, obliterate, or deface, or wilfully fufter to be cutout, obliterated, or defaced, the Stamp, Mark, or Seal put by any such Officer or Officers of the Customs upon such Foreign Paper, to denote the proper charging of the Duty on such Paper, every such Perfoivor Persons shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Ream or other Parcel of Paper on which the Stamp, Mark, or Seal, put by any such Officer or Officers, shall be so wilfully cut out, obliterated, or defaced.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or vary or in anywise affieft any of the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually securing the Duties upon Foreign printed^ painted, or Jtained Paper imported into Great Britain.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall counterfeit, or cause to be counterfeited, any Stamp, Mark, or Seal, provided by the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, in pursuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit, forge, or resemble the Mark or Impression of any such Stamp, Mark, or Seal, upon any Paper, or shall have in

his,

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto

An A11owi??e

for Do ics on Taper, &c. djmageriin feed* inp by Water wi'hin this Kingdom, to be paid on Certificate by the Juf» ticei at the (^uaact SeificAla

his, her, or their Custody or Possession any such counterfeit Stamp, Mark, or Seal, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or shall utter, vend, or sell any Paper with a counterfeit or forged Mark, or Impression of any such Stamp, Mark, or Seal thereon, knowing the same to be so counterfeited or forged, or shall, upon any Ream or Quantity of Foreign Paper, which has not been duly entered with the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, and charged with the Duty of Cuiroms by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Paper, knowingly put or place the Impression of any such counterfeit or forged Stamp, Mark, or Seal, or shall knowingly affix upon any Ream or Quantity of such Paper, any Stamp, Mark, or Seal which shall have been before affixed, marked, stamped, or sealed upon any other Ream or Quantity of Foreign Paper, then, and in every such Case, every such Person so offending therein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Duties of Excite by this Act imposed for or in respect of any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, made in Great Britain, shall have been paid, if any such Paper, Pasteboard, Miiiboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper shall happen to be damaged by the casting away or sinking of the Barge or Veil'd in which the same shall be transported from one Part of this Kingdom to another within the lame, that the Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Shire, or Division, where such Accident shall happen, shall, at the next General Quarter Sessions to be held for such County, Riding, Shire, or Division, upon Proof of such Damage and of Payment of the Duties as aforesaid, determine and settle the Quantity of the Damage done to such Paper, Millboard, Pasteboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, by the casting away or sinking of such Barge or Vessel, and an Allowance to be made in respect thereof, and to give a Certificate under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of them present at such Sections, of the Sum allowed, which Allowance shall bear the same Proportion to the Whole of the Duties so paid as the said Damage shall appear to bear to the Value of such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper before the same was so damaged; upon producing of which Certificate to the Officer appointed to collect the said Duties, he shall repay or allow to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Paper, Paffcboaid,

Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, out of the Duties paid for the same, so much Money as the Sum certified by the said Justices shall amount unto; or in Default thereof, that such Proprietor or Proprietors shall and may dedud the Allowance so certified out of the next or any other subsequent Monies becoming due from such Proprietor or Proprietors, for or in respect of the Duties imposed by this Act, for or in respect of any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, by him, her, or them made in Great Britain.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, where any such Loss or Damage shall happen as aforesaid, the Person or Persons who shall sustain the same shall, three Days at the lead before the next General Quarter Sessions, give or leave Notice in Writing thereof with the Collector of Excise of the District or Coliedion where such Loss or Damage shall happen, and of his, her, or their Intention of applying at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, for such Allowance in respect of cife. such Damage or Loss.

LI. ‘ And whereas Standing Contracts may have been made before the fifth Day of April one thousand On Paper 4c.

seven hundred and ninety-four by Makers of or Dealers in Paper, for serving publick Offices, Societies, livered alter.

or private Persons with Paper, to be delivered in point of Time after the said fifth Day of April one thousand APri* 5» *794* seven hundred and ninety-four be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Makers of, °"0^ct^er*e^ a* or Dealers in Paper serving such Paper, after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and pnor e,e #'* ninety-four, in pursuance of such former Contracts, shall be allowed to add a Sum equivalent to the Excels of Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Paper, over and above the Duties hereby repealed, to the Contract Price of such Paper, and such Makers and Dealers shall be entitled, by virtue of this Act, to be paid for the same accordingly.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, relating to Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, made in Great Britain, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

LLII. ‘ And whereas it is expedient to repeal a certain Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of *r Geo. UT.

his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the present Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, trap. 14, rc- and Scaleboards made in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof j* be it therefore Pcaled» enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

TIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions,

Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and T hings which, in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of fffirds and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force, relating to his Majesty *s Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collcding, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them,* (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by 34 Geo. III. 3U this

Notice of Inteo* tion to *«pt»ly for such A'*l >vnnce to be given to Collector of

Equivalent to the Duty may be added to lh€ Frice.

How Penalties

may be sued for, and how to be applied.

Powers of I*

Car. II. Cap 24, Scc, to extend t9 this Act,

512 C. 20. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

1

V)oti<« of Customs imposed by this Act to be raised as the Duties repealed were raised, &c.

This Act not to charge with the Duties, any of the aforesaid Articles imported from the Isle of Man under 5 Geo. III. Cap. 43-

this Act,) shall be practised and put in Execution in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said Duties of Excise upon Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scale-board, and Glazed Paper respectively hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in th s present Act.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Customs by this Act imposed shall (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act) be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, recovered, answered, and paid in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the Means* Ways, or Methods by which the Duties of Customs upon Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, by this Act respectively repealed, were or ought to be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, colle-Cttd, recovered, answered, and paid; and that all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scale-board, and Glazed Paper respectively, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Customs is by this Act imposed, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act) to all and every the Conditions, Rules, R guiations, kcftrictions, Provisions, and Forfeitures respectively to which Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, at and immediately upon the Commencement of this Act, respecting the Revenue of Customs; and all and every Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, of ai.y Nature or Kind whatsoever, for any Offence whatsoever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, at and immediately before the Commencement of this Act, made for securing the kevenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Powers, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, (unless where expressly altered by this Act,) shall, and the same are hereby respectively directed and declared to extend to, and the same respectively shall be applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of the said Duties and Customs by this Act imposed, in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things respectively were particularly repealed and re enacted in the Body of this Act.

LVI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duties of Customs any of the aforesaid Articles wmch shall he imuorttd fioin the Isle of Man, under the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions of an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing and further Improvement of the Revenues of Customs^ Excise, Inland and Salt Duties; at id for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the Isle of Man; and for allowing the Importation of several Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of the said Island., under certain Restrictions and Regulations.

Penalty on Importing for Sale, Books first printed in this Kingdom and te-printed in <iny other, &c.

Ommissionert of Customs and Excile may reward their Officers felling such Books.

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer.

1S 750l. to be set apart thereout Quarterly, and the Rem tinker to be applied »n defraying any

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to import or bring into this Kingdom, for Sale, any Book or Books first composed, written, or printed, and published in this Kingdom, and re-printed in any other Country or Place whatsoever; and if any Bcrfon or Persons shall import or bring, or cause to be iinDorted or brought into this Kingdom, for Sale, any printed Book or Books first composed, written, or printed and published in this Kingdom, and re-printed in any other Country or Place as aforesaid, or shall knowingly fell, publish, expose to Sale, or have in his, her, or their Possession for Sale, any such Book or Books, then every such Book and Books shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, and the same shall be forthwith made Waste Paper; and further, that every Person and Persons so offending, being duly convicted thereof, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, and double the Value of each and every Copy of such Book or Books which he, she, or they shall so import or bring, or cause to be imported or brought, into this Kingdom, or shall knowingly fell, publish, expose to Sale, or cause to be sold, published, or exposed to Sale, or shall have in his, her, or their Possession for Sale, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and the Commissioners of Customs in England and Scotland respectively, (in case the same shall be seized by any Officer or OiEcers of the Customs,) and the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, (in case the same shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise,) shall also reward the Officer or Officers who shall seize any such Books which shall be so made Waste Paper of, with such Sum or Sums of Money as they the said respective Commissioners shall think fit, not exceeding the Value of such Books; such Rewards respectively to be paid by the said respective Commissioners out of any Money in their Hands respectively arising from the Duties by this Act imposed: Provided, That this Act shall not extend to any Book that has not been printed or re-printed in this Kingdom within twenty Years before the same shall be imported, nor to any Book re-printed Abroad and inierted among other Books or Tracts to be sold therewith in any Collection where the greatest Part of such Collection shall have been first composed or written Abroad.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund; and that at the End of every Quarter of a Year after the passing of this Act, that is to say, on the fifth Day of Aprils the fifth Day of July, the tenth Day of October, and the fifth Day of January in every Year, there shall be set apart at the said Receipt, out of the Monies arising from the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, the Sum of eighteen thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, being one-fourth Part of the Average Yearly Produce for three Years next before and ending on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 20, 2r.

four, of the Rates and Duties upon Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, which are repealed by this Act; and that after setting apart such Quarterly Sums as aforesaid, the Remainder of the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties granted by this Act shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created or to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, a Book or Books, in which all the Surplus Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever*

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing by him, her, or them done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall or m.ay plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action cr Suit, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

LX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy and Victualling Bills; and for providing for the regular Payment of all Navy and Victualling Bills that shall be issued in future.

[4th April 1794.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, having taken into our serious Consideration the present State of the Debt of your Majesty's Navy, and being desirous to make some Provision towards Satisfaction thereof, have resolved, that all Persons interested in or entitled unto any Bills payable in the Course of the Navy or Victualling Offices,

which were made out on or before the thirty-first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety- three, who should, on or before the twelfth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four,

carry the same, after having had the Interest due thereupon computed and marked upon the said Bills at the Navy or Victualling Offices respectively, to the Office of the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, to be marked and certified by him or his Paymaster and Cashier to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, should be entitled in respect of the same to one hundred and one Pounds Capital Stock for every one hundred Pounds contained in such Certificates, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum, the said Capital Stock to be attended with Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be paid and payable at the Times and in the Manner herein mentioned We, your Majesty's most faithful Commons, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons interested in or entitled unto any Bill or Bills payable in the Course of the Navy or Victualling Offices, which were made out on or before the thirty-first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, who shall, on or before the twelfth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-foui, carry the same, after having had the Interest thereupon computed up to the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and marked upon the said Bills at the Navy or Victualling Offices respectively, to the Office of the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, shall have in Exchange for the same from such Treasurer, or his Paymaster or Cashier, a Certificate to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Amount of the Principal and Interest computed thereupon, and the Persons that shall be so possesstd of any such Certificates shall, upon Delivery thereof to the said Governor and Company, be entitled in respect of the same to the Sum of one hundred and one Pounds Capital Stock for each one hundred Pounds contained in such Certificates, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum, which said Capital Stock shall he attended with Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annual., to commence from the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and shall be paid and payable at the Bank of England at the Times and in the Manner herein mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and mny be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall be possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto any Bill or Bills payable in Course out of his Majesty's Offices of the Navy or Victualling, which were respectively made out in the said respective Offices on or before the thirty-first Day of A'larch one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to deliver such Bill or Bills to the respective Treasurers of the said Offices, to be marked, computed, and certified in such Manner as is herein after mentioned at any

513

occasioned by any Loan of this Seffin, &c.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

[Commencement of Act.]

NavyorVifloal-ling Bills made outbefore March 31, 1793, w5tK Interest to March. I, 1794, marked thereon at the respective Offices, carried to the Navy Office by April 11, to be exchanged for Certificates to the Bank, entitling to i® j I. Stock per 100b

Hold era of such Bills may de-liter them to be so marked*

514

Interest on Bills to be marked upon them, before Delivery at the Navy Office.

Treasurer of the Navy to receive such Bills, mark and cancel them, and rn ke forth Certificates.

Such Certificates to entitle to an Annuity of 5I per Cent, per Ann. from Jan. I, 170

v-li'ch Hull be Jerf.'nal Eftale, and free from Taxes.

A nnuities pay-al le out of the consolidated Funi, and irredeemable, till £5,000,000 of the 3l. or *! per Cents, be paid

Treasurer of the Navy to give a Certificate for the Amount of such Bills and Interest, which may be assigned before Aug. 30, 1794, and shall l c free from Stamp Dudes.

Cinrd'ans may deliver up Bills fur Benefit of Infante.

C. 21. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

Time on or before the twelfth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and at such Place or Places as shall have been appointed by Notice given in The London Gazette, and other public Papers, for that Purpose.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Interest which became due on the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, for and in respeift of the said Navy and Victualling Bills, shall be computed and marked upon the said Bills at the Navy and Victualling Offices respectively before the same are delivered to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, and the proper Officer and Officers of his Majesty's Navy and Victualling Offices respectively is and are hereby authorized and required to compute and mark the Interest as aforesaid upon every such Bill which shall be tendered to him or them for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy for the Time being to take in and receive from all and every Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who is or are or shall be poilelTed of, interested in, or entitled unto any such Navy or Victualling Bills, all the said Bills which any such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall, on or before the said twelfth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, deliver to such Treasurer; and the said Treasurer, or his Paymaster and Gamier, is and are hereby authorized and required to mark and cancel every such Bill, and make forth and iign the Certificate herein directed to be made out in lieu of the said Bills.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, who shall deliver any such Bill or Bills to the said Treasurer as aforesaid, upon producing such Certificates as are hereby directed to be made forth by the said Treasurer in lieu of such Bills* shall, in respect of the Principal Sum hereby granted for every Sum of one hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum, have and be entitled to an Annuity after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and to be paid or payable to such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or such as he, she, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns respectively, which said Annuities shall be in lieu of all other Interest for or in respect of such Bills, and shall be payable half-yearly at the Bank of England* at two of the most usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to lay, the fifth Day of July and the fifth Day of January in every Year; the first Payment thereof to become due on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; and that all Persons and Corporations entitled to any such Annuity or Annuities aforesaid, and his, her, and their Administrators, Successors, and Assigns respectively, and all Persons and Corporations lawfully claiming under him, her, or them, shall have good, lure, absolute, and indefeazable Estates and Interests in the said Annuities, according, to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, until the Redemption thereof in the Manner herein directed, and shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all the said Annuities shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and impositions whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament; and that the said Annuities shall be irredeemable until twenty-five Millions of the Publick Debt, bearing Interest after the Rate of either three Pounds per Centum per Annum> or four Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall have been redeemed and paid off.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the delivering in of such Navy or Victualling Bills by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, or his Paymaster and Cashier, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required forthwith to give a Certificate* signed by him or them, for the principal Sum or Sums contained in such Bills, and also for the Interest which shall have been computed and marked as aforesaid to be due on the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, to such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or his, her, or their Assigns, and all such Certificates shall be assignable by Indorsement thereupon, made at any Time be* fore the thirtieth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and no longer, and no such Certificate or Alignment thereupon shall be charged witD any Stamp Duties whatever; and that the Interest so computed and marked on every such Bill shall be added to the Principal Sum contained in every such Bill' respectively, and the Amount of such Principal and Interest certified in Manner before directed shall be the Principal Sums for which the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, delivering such Bills* shall be entitled to such Capital Stock as aforesaid, after the Rate of one hundred and one Pounds for every one hundred Pounds contained in such Certificates, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum, to be attended with an Annuity after the said Rate of five Pounds for Centum per Annum.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Infant or Infants shall have be* come entitled to any of the said Bills, ill such Case the Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees of such Infant or Infants, shall or may, and he, she, or they is or are hereby empowered, for the Benefit of such* Infant or Infants, to deliver up to such Treasurer all such of the said Bills to which such Infant or Infants shall be so entitled; and such Infant and Infants, upon such Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees* delivering up such Bill, shall be entitled to such an Annuity as aforesaid as fully as any other Person or Per- ions whatever > and the said Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, shall be discharged from the

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 21.

same, so as the Name of such Infant be expressed in such Certificate or Certificates; any Thing herein contained, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in'any wise notwithstanding.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons who, as Executors, Administrators, Trustees, Committees of Idiots or Lunatics, or Persons of unfound Mind, Depo-fitaries, or Mortgagees, shall be or become possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto any of the said Bills, shall and may deliver up such Bills as they shall be respectively possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto to such Treasurer as aforesaid, to be cancelled and certified as aforesaid; and as to Executors or Administrators, the Capital Stock of Annuities which they shall be respectively entitled to in respect of the said Bills so by them delivered up, and the Dividends from Time to Time arising therefrom, shall be Assets in their Hands in the same Manner as the said Bills were or would have been had they not been so delivered up; and as to Trustees, Committees, Depositaries, and Mortgagees, the Capital Mock of Annuities which they shall be respectively entitled unto, for and in respect of such Trust or mortgaged Bills which they shall so deliver up to such Treasurer as aforesaid, and the Dividends from Time to Time arising therefrom, shall be subject and liable to the same Trusts or Equity of Redemption as such Bills were or would have been had they not been so delivered up for such Annuity as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and required to take in and receive all and every of the Certificates to be made out in lieu of the said Bills as aforesaid, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, and upon the Receipt of every such Certificate shall, and he and they is and are hereby required forthwith to give Credit in a Book or Books to be prepared for that Purpose, for the Principal Sum of one hundred and one Pounds for every Sum of one hundred Pounds contained in such Certificates so brought to him or them as aofrelaid, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum; and the Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whose Credit such Principal Sums shall be entered in the said Book or Books, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall and may have Power to assign and transfer the same, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in other Books to be prepared and kept for that Purpose; and the said Governor and Company for the Time being shall also, on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, transmit an attested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books first hereinbefore mentioned, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XI. And, for the more easy and sure Payment of the Annuities established by this Act, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England and their Successors shall from Time to Time appoint and employ one or more sufficient Person or Persons, within their Office in the City of London, to be their Chief or First Caftiier or Cashiers, and one other Person or Persons within the same Office, to be their Accountant General; and that so much of the Monies, from Time to Time, being in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the said Consolidated Fund, by this Act made applicable for that Purpose, as shall be sufficient to answer the said Annuities, shall, by the Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that Behalf, from Time to Time, at the respective Days of Payment in this Act appointed, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer to the First or Chief Caftiier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for the Time being, by way of Imprest and upon Account for the Payment o\ the said Annuities; and that such Caftiier or Cashiers, to whom the said Monies shall from Time to Time be issued, shall from Time to Time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer*

XII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accountant General for the Time being shall from Time to Time inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud; Negligence, or Delay.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies intended to be converted into Annuities by virtue of this Act, shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be one Capital or Joint Stock, on which the said Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be attending, and shall be added to and made Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities with and shall be redeemable at the same Time and in like Manner as the Annuities carrying an Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, established by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy9 Vi ft nailing, ana. Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures; and by another Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and f^ansport Bills, and Ordnance Dcben~ tures; and that all and every Person or Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money to which he, she, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall have, or be deemed to have, a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock of Annuities at the Rate aforesaid; and that the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferable as this Act directs, and not otherwise; and that there shall constantly be kept in the Office of the said Accountant General for the Time being, within the City of London, a Book or Books, wherein all Alignments or Transfers of the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuity attending the same at the Rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered \ which Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the

515

Extcutors, &c.

may deliver up

Bil's in their possession in Trust, &c.

Bank to receive Certificates, and give Credit for foil. Principal, for every 100L therein, which may be transferred, &c.

Bank to appoint an Accountant General.

Treasury to order Money to be issued at the Exchequer, for Payment of Annuities.

Caftiier to pay the same without Delay.

Accountant General to examine the Caftiier* Accounts.

Annuities to be addrd ro the 5I, per C: nts. efta-blished by 24 Geo III Stir. 2, Cap. 39, and 25 Geo. III. Cap. 32.

Book to be kept

for entering TranJets.

5*6

Annuities may be devised.

Fanic to continue a Corporation till Annuities are redeemed.

Penalty for taking Fees for marking Bill', &c.

Treasury may reward Persons employed in the Execution of this Act.

From April 5, 1794, Navy and Victualling Bill# shall be made payable on a certain Day, &c.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

»f> Geo. II?. Cap. 41, and

C. 2r, 22. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. -A.D. 1794.

Parties making such Alignments or Transfers, or if any such Party or Parties be absent, by his, her, or their Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized by Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses, and that the Person or Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made shall respectively underwrite his, her, or their Acceptance thereof, and that no other Method of aligning or transferring the said Stock, and the Annuities attending the same or any Part thereof, or any Imercft therein, shall be good and available in Law, and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers, or any of them.

XIV. Provided always, That all Persons possessed of any Share or Interest in the said Joint Stock of Annuities, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devile the same by Will in Writing, attested by two or more credible Witnesses, but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Devise until so much of the said Will as relates to such Estate, Share, or Interest, be entered in the said Office, and that in Default-of such Transfer or Devise as al'oresaid, such Share, Estate, or Interest shall go to the Executors, Administrators, Successors, and A (Tig ns.

XV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act till all the said Annuities shall be redeemed by Parliament; and the said Governor and Company, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of his or their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XVI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken for computing and marking the Interest on the said Bills, or for receiving, taking in, or cancelling the said Bills, or any of them, 01 for granting Certificates in lieu thereof as aforesaid, or for issuing the Monies for paying the said Annuities, or any of them, or for any Transfer of any Sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Act, u; on Pain that any Officer or Person offending by taking or demanding any Fee or Gratuity contrary to this Act shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered with all Costs of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Elloin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, or any more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall have Power, and, they are hereby authorized, out of the said Consolidated Fund, to reward all such Persons as shall be anyways employed in the Execution of this Act, for their Service, Pains, and Labour, and also to defray such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the same, and also to settle and appoint such Allowances as they shall think proper, for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Annuities made payable by this Act, and also for the Service, Pains, and Trouble of the said Accountant General of the said Governor and Company, for performing the Duty and Trust incumbent on or reposed in him by this Act; all which Allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the Service, Pains, and Labours of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas it is expedient to provide for the regular Payment in Course at Hated Periods of all Navy and Victualling Bills that shall be issued in future;' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety four, all Bills registered in the Course of the Navy and Victualling shall be made payable on a certain Day, to be expressed in each particular Bill, which Day shall not be later than fifteen Months from the Date of such Bill, and that the Interest On such Bilis as usually carry Interest shall commence from the Day on which the said Bills shall be registered, and shall be paid at such stated Periods as shall be indorsed in Writing on such Dill at the Time off issuing the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or or any Matter or Thing therein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General lifue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence lor his or their Defence; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him or them upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery to complete their full Number of Men, at certain Ports, for a limited Time.

[4th April 1794.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights,) continued and amended by another Act, made in the thirty-second

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 22, 23.

Year of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to continue and amend several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights ;land to amend the Laws now in force for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Seas to the Southward of //^ Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights); amongst several other particular Regulations and Restriicions therein mentioned, it is enacted, That every Ship of the Burthen of two hundred Tons, ddigned for the said Fishery, shall and is thereby obliged to have on board twenty-eight Men, besides the Master and Surgeon; and every Snip of larger Burthen an Increase of fix Men for every fifty Tons above the laid"two hundred Tons: And whereas, during the present hostilities, it may be difficult, in some cases, for the Matters or Owners of such Ships to be provided with their full Complement of Men, at the Port from whence such Ships are fitted and cleared out for the said Fishery:' For remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's mo it Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thar, from and after the fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and during the Continuance of the present Hostilities with France, it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel which is not provided with the full Complement of Men, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Acts, at the Port ftom whence such Ship or Vessel shall be fitted and cleared our, to proceed from thence to any of the Ports in the Forth of Clyde, or in Lough Ryan, or to Lerwick in the lile of Shetland, or to Kirkivallm the Orkneys, and complete the Number of Men mere; provided the Number wanted doth not exceed three common Men for every fifty Tons Burthen of Inch Ship or Vessel, but not otherwise; and upon Return of such Shin or Vessel from the said Fishery, such Men nay be landed and let on Shore at any of the Ports in the P'orth of Clyde, or in Lough Ryan, or at Lerwick, or Kirkwall aforesaid; and upon the Master or Owners of Inch Shin or Vessel producing to the proper - fencer of the Customs at the Port of his Arrival in Great Britain a Certificate under the riand of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at any of the Ports aforesaid, as the Case may be, (which Certificate they are hereby enjoined and required to give to the Master of such Ship or Vessel,) certifying the Number and the Names of the Men that were on board such Ship or Vessel at the Time of her Arrival at any of the said Ports, together with the Number and Names of the Men so taken on board such Ship or Vessel at any of the said Ports, and the Number and Names of the Men mat were landed and set on shore there respectively, upon the Return of such Ship Vessel from the Fishery, and the Master and Mate of such Ship or Vessel making Oath before the Collector and Comptroller at the Port of their Arrival in Great Britain, that the Men so taken on board as aforesaid proceeded from, thence on the said Fishery, and continued onboard during the Time such Ship or Vessel was employed in that Business, the Master or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall be entitled to the Bounty granted by the said Act passed in the thirty-second Year of his present Majesty, in the same Manner as they would have been entitled thereto, in case the full Complement of Men had been taken on bo.rd at the Pori from whence such Ship or Vessel was fitted and cleared out, and had returned on board such Ship or Vessel to such Port in Great Britain; provided all the other Regulations and Restrictions required and directed oy the said recited Acts have been duly complied with and performed; any Thing in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for amending and making perpetual an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time.

[4th April 1794.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of d'lhning a .7 printing Linens, Cottons, Calicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time); which said Act was, by another Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, continued from the Expiration thereof until the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four: And whereas the said first recited Act hath by Experience been found to be use- ful and beneficial: And whereas it is expedient that the Time limited by the said first recited Act for vest- ing the Property of New and Original Patterns for printing Linens, Cottons, Calicoes, or Muslins, in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors thereof, should be extended for a longer Time:' May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, every Person who shall invent, design, and print, or cause to be invented, designed, and printed, and become the Proprietor of any new and original Pattern or Patterns for printing Linens, Cottons, Calicoes, or Muslins, shall have the sole Right and Liberty of printing and reprinting the same for the Term of three Months, to commence from the Day of the first publishing thereof; which shall be truly printed with the Name of the Primer or Proprietors at each End of every such Piece of Linen; Cotton, Calico, or Muslin; and that if any Calico Pi inter. Linen Draper, or other Person whatsoever, from and after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, withip the Time limited by this Act, shall print, work, or copy such Original Pattern or Patterns, or cause to be printed,

% worked

5D

311 Geo. III. Cap. %tf cited.

Vf{Td« not provided wi;h the Comp!- ment of Men, pursuant to reciud Acts, at the Poit of clearing out, may complete the Numoer at certain Ports j and cn itUd to Bounty on certain Condition*

a7 Geo. III. 19 Geo. III.

Expedient to extend Time, limited by ap Geo. 1U»

Term fuitbtt extended*

518 C. 23 - 27. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

worked, or copied such Original Pattern or Patterns, or shall print or reprint, or cause to be printed or reprinted, any such Pattern or Patterns, and shall publish, sell, or expose to Sale, or in any other Manner dispose of, or cause to be pubUflied, fold, or exposed to Sale, or in any other Manner disposed of, any Linen,

Cotton, Calico, or Muslin, so printed, (without the Content of the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof hr ft

had and obtained in Writing, signed by him or them respectively in the Presence of two or more credible Witnessis,) knowing the same to be so printed or reprinted without the Consent of the Proprietor or Pro*-prietors of such Pattern; then every such Proprietor or Proprietors shall and may, if the Offence be committed in England^ by and in a special Action upon the Case, to be brought against the Person or Persons \ so offending, recover such Damages as a Jury on the Trial of lucn Action, or on the Execution of a Writ

of Inquiry thereon, shall give or a fiefs, together with Costs of Suit, in which no Wager of Law, Essoin, Privilege, or Protection, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed: And that in all other Respects A(\ made per- the said first recited Act, and all the Cluufes, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except sofar as the

PclU4l# same is varied by this Act,) shall be, and the same is hereby made perpetual.

---

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for making certain Navigable Cuts from the Towns of Buckingham, Aylesbury, and Wendover, in the County of Buckingham, to communicate with the Grand Junction Navigation, authorized to be made by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; and for amending the said Act.

[28th March 1794.]

CAP. XXV.

An Act for extending the Wyrley and Essington Canal.

[28th March 1794.]

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-Lyne and Oldham in the County Palatine of Lancaster, at the intended Aqueduct Bridge in Dukinfield in the County of Chester, to or near to Chapel Milton in the County of Derby; and a Communication by Rail Ways or Stone Roads from thence to Load's Knowl, within Peak Forest in the said County of Derby; and a Branch from and out of the said intended Canal to Whaley Bridge in the said County of Chester.

[28th March 1794.]

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in Great Britain.

[17th April 1794.]

---

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, and making such permanent Addition to the publick Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised or Stock to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new and additional Rates and Duties herein after respectively mentioned ;' and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adv ce and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Matters and Things herein after mentioned, over and above all Duties Additional Du. already imposed for or in respect thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise tres to be paid: herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For French Plate For every Square Foot superficial Measure of French Plate Glass which shall be imported into Great Gur« imported Britain, the Sum of Eight-pence three Farthings, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser 8d. jq. per Foot! Quantity:

For French Flint For every Hundred Weight of French Flint Glass, or French Enamel, Stained, or Paste Glass, or French

ciafe, &c. 141. Phial Glass, which shall be imported as aforesaid, the Sum of fourteen Shillings and Sixpence, and so in 6d. per Cwti Proportion for any greater or Idler Quantity:

For French For every Hundred Weight of French Window Glass, (not being Spread Glass,) whether flashed or

Window Glass otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass or of German (not Spread Sheet Glass, which shall be imported as aforesaid, the Sum of nine Shillings and Eleven-pence, and so in

Giah) 9s. 1 id. Proportion for any greater or Idler Quantity:

Haf- rVi For every Hundred Weight of Plate Glass and other Glass Manufactures not hereinbefore particularly

cnr8,r&c*t(e*. enumerated or ddcribed, (and not being Spread Window Glass, commonly called Broad Glqfsl nor Bottles cept^preadwin- other than Phials,) which shall be imported intp Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or dow GUf«, &c) lesser Quantity, the Sum of fourteen Shillings:

14s. per Cwu

The said feverw Duties upon Glass imported to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof:

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 27. 519

For every Hilndred Weight of Materials or Metal or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name For Miteriala soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making I"?10"*

of all Plate Glass, or in the making of Flint Glass, or Enamel, Stained, or Fade Glass, or Phial Glass, and in*cre.t\lri-so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity* ten Shillings and Eight-pence three Farthings: uii^ioYad.?*,

per Cwt.

For every Hundred Weight of Materials or Metal or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name and for Mve-Ibever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of r al* used *? all Window Glass, (not being Spread Glass,) whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly GUfs,7not called or known either by the Name of Crown Gifs, or of German Sheet Glass, and so in Proportion for bc;n2 Spread any greater or Idler Quantity, eight Shillings and three Farthings. c.'af',) 8s.

per Cwt.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland foe the Time being.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be paid the following additional Drawbacks for and upon all Glass which shall be made in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts; that is to say,

Duties to be under the M^,iagro:ent df

the Commissioners of Excise.

Additional Drawbacks MS be allowed on Exportation of

Glass made in Great Britain.

For every Square Foot superficial Measure of Plate Glass which shall be made in Great Britain, from For Plate Glass, Materials or Metal or other Preparations, for which the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall 8d. jtj.perFo#u have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, the Sum of Eight-pence three Farthings, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass, or Enamelled, Stained, or Paste Glass, or Phial Glass, For Flint Glass* which shall be made in Great Britain, from Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, for which the Duties W*

by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, *ef c*1* the Sum of fourteen Shillings and Six-pence, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of Window Glass, (not being Spread Glass,) whether flafhecl or otherwise For Window manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass or of German Sheet P1*?* (n®the* Glass% which shall be made in Great Britain, from Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, for which cfti/Tj! the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to per Cwt. Foreign Parts, the Sum of nine Shillings and Eleven-pence, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

Which laid Drawbacks shall be paid and allowed out of the Duties of Excise by Law imposed, under, sub- DnwbackttnU

{‘eft, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained and provided in and *!\wwed*f^e~ >y an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to limit a 'Ktime for the Repayment of the Duties on Ma e Servants and Carriages, by the Commissioners of Excise; and # "'77‘ also on Horses, Waggons, lVains% and Carts, by the Commissioners of Stamps; and for the Amendment effeve-ral Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, relating to the Exportation of Glass on Drawback.

IV. And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, *7 Geo. III.

amongst other Things, for repealing the Duties of Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, Clp*IJ*

certain Duties of Excise were imposed on the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, that should be made use of in Great Britain, in the making of Plate Glass: And whereas by another Act, made *7 IIr'

in the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Attfor granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Glass im- ,ia

imported into Great Britain, and for altering the Mode of charging the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain,

it was enacted, That in lieu of the Duty of Excise then chargeable and payable for or in respect of any Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, made use of in Great Britain, in the making of Cad Plate Glass,

there should be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at and after the Rate of one Pound one Shilling and Five-pence Halfpenny per Hundred Weight, for all Cast Plate Glass which should be made in Great Britain, and which should be Iquared into Plates of a Superficies not Ids than one thousand four hundred and eighty-five Inches, and of a Thickness according to their Superficies as thereinafter mentioned and described: And whereas divers Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, were by the said Act, and another Act made in the twenty-eight Year of the Reign aforesaid, for amending several Laws relative to the Gco‘

Revenue of Jixcise, made, established, imposed, and provided for and in respect of the making and manu- ap‘37'reci ' 4 facturing of such Cad Plate Glass, for ascertaining, charging, railing, and securing the said Duty thereon,

-4 and for breaking Cad Plate Glass manufactured contrary to the Directions of the said Acts in certain cases: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said last mentioned Duty, together with the said Rules,

Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, and to revive the Duty granted by the said first-recited Act Dut. f, be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said putconf.* by Duty, together with the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, shall be, and the same are tcciied aet hereby repealed; save only and except in all Cases relating to the recovering any Arrears of the said Duty, *7 G«°-1H* which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or For- c»f*i and 34 Geo. III. 3 X feitures,

520

ike Remulation* of »hv AOy and recited Atf of *8 Geo. III. for making it, replied.

Duty imposed on I'la'e O.tfr, by reci'ed Aii 17 Geo. III. Cap. i 3, revived, nd payable, ever tke additional Dut'-es under tris A O.

Revived rVy

to be raiftd, &c. agreeable to Act s in ft rce, respect-ir>g making of Cia>6.

17 Geo. III. Cap. 20. r<cited.

In lieu of Allowance by re-curd Act cn lV1 aterii Is fur making Plate GUfs, certain ©'her A 1 w-ances to be nri2de for Pots enntain-irg fnuie than I Cwt.

Offceri may me a Cure Cast Plate Glass.

Directiom about the Gauge in making it.

Cast Plate Clafi of left than 1 of an 1vch in Thickness to be broke, on Penalty of 50l.

Monies to be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the Consolidated Fund.

C. 27. Anno tricesimo quarto

feitures, relating thereto; and also saving and excepting so far as the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions respectively, or the Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, imposed for any Breach thereof respectively, may be applied to any Case relating to Cast Plate Glass, which shall have been made at any Time before the passing of this Act, and for and in respect whereof all and Angular the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures respectively shall, and the same are hereby directed to be and remain in full force, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Duty of Excise which was granted by the said first recited Act for or in respect of the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, made use of in the making of Call Plate Glass, shall be, and the same is hereby revived, and made chargeable and payable over and above the several additional Duties by this Act imposed for and in respect of the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, made use of in Great Britain, in the making of Calf Plate Glass, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said last-recited Act iud not been made; any Thing in the said last-recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it Anther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duty by this Act revived shall from Time to Time be raised, received, levied, recovered, secured, and paid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Management, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such other Powers, and subject to such Allowances, Drawbacks, Rules, and Directions, and in such Methods, Manner, and Form, (except where otherwise expressly directed by this Act,) as by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force concerning the Duties imposed for or in respect of the Materials, Metal, or other Preparations made use of in the making of Glass, or for or in respect of the paying or allowing a Drawback upon Glass, is directed or prescribed; and that such Acts respectively, and all the Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Matters, and Things therein, (except as aforesaid,) for the railing, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, or paying the said Duties, for or in respect of the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations made use of in the making of Glass, or for or in respect of the paying or allowing any Drawback upon Glass, are and shall be continued, practised, and put in Execution for and in respect of the Duty by this Act revived, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

VII. And whereas by an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, for repealing several Rates and Duties upon Glass, imposed by an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Glass in lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass, it was enacted and provided that, in Pots used for the making of Plate Glass, an Allowance should be made to the Makers of one-fourth Part of the Metal or other Materials contained therein, and of four Inches deep at the Bottom: And whereas it is expedient to alter the said Allowance, with respect to such Pots used for the making of all Plate Glass be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu and instead of the said Allowance in all Pots containing more than one hundred Weight used for the making of Blown Plate, or Cast Plate Glass, the following Allowances shall be made to the Makers of such Glass; that is to say, one-third Part of the Metal or other Materials contained therein, and of four Inches at the Bottom of every such Pot, used for the making of Blown Plate Glass, and one half of the Metal or other Materials contained therein, and of four Inches r.t the Bottom of every such Pot, used for the making of C.ift Plate Glass; and the respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively are hereby authorized and required to make the respective Allowances by this Act directed; any Thing in the said last-recited Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; which Allowances are hereby declared to be in full Compensation for all Walk, Damage, or Loss whatsoever, except the Allowance by the said Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty made and provided, where Pots used for the preparing and mixing of Metal, and other Materials for making of Glass, shall crack or break.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the Officers of Excise under whole Survey any Maker or Makers of Cast Plate Glass shall be, from Time to Time, and at all Times, to inspect, examine, and measure, as to such Officers shall seem meet, all Cast Plate Glass in the Custody or Possession of such Maker or Makers; and that no Maker or Makers of Cast Plate Glass shall at any Time set the Gauge at less than a Quarter of an Inch above the Surface of the Table, for the Purpose of calling any Plate Glass; nor shall he, she, or they have or keep in his, her, or their Custody or Possession any Plate Glass, the medium Thickness whereof, after the rough and irregular Edges are cut olF, shall be less than a Quarter of an Inch; but every such Maker of Cast Plate G.Vs shall, in the Presence of the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Maker shall be, immediately, upon being requested so to do by such Officer, break into small Pieces, to the Satisfaction of such OiScer, all Cast Plau? Glass which shall be of less Thickness than as aforesaid, so as to render such Glass unfit for any Purpose but that of remelting; and if any such Maker shall neglect or refuse so to break any such Cast Plate Glass, or shall have or keep in his, her, or their Custody or Possession any such Call Plate Glass of less Thickness than as aforesaid, such Maker and Makers shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the several new and additional Rates and Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted,) shall, from and after the passing of this Act, from Tune to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster^ and

7 the

521

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 27, 28.

the said Money so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated xFund.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the several Rates (?xr?pt

#or Duties hereby granted^, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, (except the Duties on Materials or tWc rcvivm) Metal made use of for snaking Cast Plate Glass hereby revived,) shall be deemed an Addition made to the pa°idtet"ihe Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created Lxchtqurriprr, or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Adds pa fled, or to be p il3ed, in this Session of Parliament; and that and k Pt irpa-the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, riifiinflly rar<* °‘hcf :and apart from all Other Branches of the publick Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in ;the Office tf the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such inertafed Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, For- Powsrs of Car. Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of

King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking envoy the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures Elating to the* in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance^ and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu there- Excif-, to ti-' of or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and ten<uo this Act. established, for managing, railing, levying, collefling, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cases for which other Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act,) shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, rccovuing, and paying the Excise Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punching. Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XII. And whereas, in order to deter Workmen, Servants, and other Persons employed in Glass Manu- Pen*i'j for put- factories, from putting Metals, Materials, and Preparations into the Pots used for the making of Glass after ting imo Pot*

the Gauge taken by the Officer of the Met*!, or Preparations therein, it is expedient to impose a Penalty a,7 on every such Workman, Servant, or other. erson so offending ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority J"ticelalter aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Workman or Servant of, or any other Person Gauge'hai been employed by, any Maker or Makers of Glass, shall, after a Notice in Writing has been given by such taken by the Maker or Makers of Glass to any Officer or Officers of the Division or Place where such Glass is in- Officer, tended to be made, of the filling or charging any Pot with Metal or Preparation for the making of Glass, and after a Gauge taken by the Officer of the Metal or Preparation in such Pot, put into such Pot any Metal, Material, or Preparation whatsoever, without a fresh Notice in Writing, every such Workman,

Servant, or other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise, or any three or more of them, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, and to or for any two or more Justices of the Peace in other Parts of Great Britain, residing near to the Place where any such Offence shall be committed, on Confession of the Party, or on Proof by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convifl every such ‘

Workman, Servant, or other Person so offending; and every such Workman, Servant, or other Person so convicted, shall immediately, on such Conviction, pay into the Hands of the proper Officer of Excise the said Sum of forty Shillings for every such Offence of which he shall be so convicted; and on any such Workman, Servant, or other Person refusing or neglecting to pay the said Sum of forty Shillings for every fuclt"

Offence of which he shall be io convicted, such Commissioners or Justices of the Peace, so convicting as aforesaid, shall, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals respectively, commit every Inch Workman, Servant, or other Person, so convicted, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty respectively, there to remain for the Space of fourteen Days from the Day of such Commitment 5 and no such Workman, Servant, or other Person, so committed, shall be discharged until Payment be made of the said Sum of forty Shillings for every such Offence of which he shall be so convicted, or until the Expiration of the said fourteen Days.

XIII. Provided always, That nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to a ft not to aftVft extend, to repeal, alter, or assess any Penalty or Penalties to which any Maker or Makers of Glass would, *n>; Peruhyto if this Act had not been made, have been liable by virtue of or under any Act or Acts of Parliament in

force immediately before the passing of this Act, but that all and every Maker or Makers of Glass shall JusieVforc *C still remain and continue liable to all and singular such Penalty and Penalties for any Offence or Offences p.ffingit. committed contrary to such Act or Acts of Parliament; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take Commencemiat cffe£\ as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Commencement Act.

is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the passing of this Act.

Corps Or Compands of Volunteers to be entitled to pay, and subject to Military Discipline cn certain Occasions j

but not to be fr ied but by Volunteer Officers.

Volunteer Non-commission Officers and Drummers to be billetted.

Penalty for not delivering up Arm?, &c when discharged.

Commissioned Officers difacled in Service, entitled to Half Pay,

---

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

[17th April 1794.]

£. 2,000,000.

522 C. 29 - 31. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

[17th April 1794.]

£. 1,500,000.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

[17th April 1794.]

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily inrol themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War.

[17th April 1794.]

---

WHEREAS the utmost Exertions are now requisite for increasing the Military Force in this Kingdom tic it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and* Conic nt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and-by the Authority of the same, That any Corps or Companies of Volunteers who now are; or shall hereafter be formed, in any Counties or Towns in Great Britain, during the Continuance of the present War* under Officers having Commission from his Majesty, or from the Lieutenants of Counties, or others' who may be specially authorized by his Majesty for that Purpose, and who shall at any Time, on being called* upon, by special Direction of his Majesty in case of actual Invasion, or Appearance of invasion, voluntarily march out of their respective Counties or Towns, <».- shall voluntarily alienable within the fame, to* repel such Invasion, or who shall voluntarily march on being called upon, in pursuance of an Order from-his Majesty, or from the Lord Lieutenant or Sheriff of the County, to abl within the County or the adjacent Counties, for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, shall in such Cases be entitled to receive Pay irr such Manner, and at such Rates, as the Officers and Soldiers of his Majesty's Regular Forces do now receive; and shall, during the Time of their being continued in such Service, and so receiving Pay as above* be subject to Military Discipline as the Rest of his Majesty's Regular ani Militia Troops: Provided always, That no Officer or Soldier of any Volunteer Corps shall bejiable to be tried or punished by any* Court Martial at any Time, unless such Court Martial be composed entirely of Officers serving in Volunteer Corps, formed as aforesaid, such Court Martial to be assembled by Warrant under his Majesty's Sign Manual, or by Warrant from (ome General or other Officer duly authorized to hold Courts Martial.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and other Chief Magistrates and Officers of Cities, Towns, Parishes, Tithings, and Places, and (in their Default or Absence) for any one Justice of the Peace inhabiting within or near any such City, Town, Parish, Tithing, or Place (but for no others); and they or he are or is hereby requ:red to quarter and billet the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of such Corps or Companies as aforesaid, and their Horses, in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling House*, and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine, or Mcthcglin, by Retail, upon Application made to any such Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, Tithingmen, Headboroughs, or other Chief Magistrates or Officers, by his Majesty's Lieutenant, or by the Officer commanding the said Corps or Companies.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Officer commanding any such. Corps or Company as aforesaid shall discharge from such Corps or Company any Person who shall have been inlisted or inrolled as aforesaid; and if such Person shall refuse or neglect, on being required by fuclv Commanding Officer, to deliver up any Arms, Accoutrements, or Cloathing, which shall have been entrusted to his Custody, every Person so refusing or neglecting shall, on being convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace of the County within whion such Corps or Company shall have been formed, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person whole Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, or Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding one Month; and the Monies arising by such Penalty shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place, where such Offence shall have been committed, to be applied as Part of the Stock of such County, Riding, or Place.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Commissioned Officers of the said Corps, who shall be disabled in actual Service, shall be entitled to Half Pay; and all Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers so disabled, to the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital; and the Widows of Commissioned Officers killed in the Service, to a Pension for Life.

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 31,32. 523

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall be inlisted or inrolled V-jiuntetw not

in any Corps or Company of Volunteers as aforesaid shall, during the Time that he is serving in the said

Corps or Company, be liable to serve personally, or provide a Substitute to serve in the Militia, provided he shall produce to the Deputy Lieutenants, assembled at the Subdivision Meetings, holden in the several Counties, for the Purpose of hearing Appals against the Militia Lift returned from each Parish, an Affidavit of his having been inrolled as aforesaid, and a Certificate signed by the Commanding Officer of the said Corp6 of Company, that he has, for the Space of six Weeks immediately preceding such Subdivision Meeting, punctually attended at all such Times and Places as may have been agreed upon for the Exercise of such Corps or Company.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance during the present War, |j?^Tnce

and no longer. 11

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Stamp Duty, to stamp Bills of Exchange and Notes in certain Cases.

[17th April 1794.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made and passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties now charged on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and * other Notes, Drafts, and Orders^ and an Receipts; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; certain 6 Stamp Duties were imposed on Bills oh Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Notes respectively; and

it was thereby enacted, that all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, before any Bill of Exchange^ Promissory Note, or other Note, liable to any Stamp Duty by the said Act imposed, should be ingrossed, print-1 ed, or written thereon, should be brouglft to the Head Office for stamping such Vellum, Parchment, and

Paper, and that it should not be lawful for the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vel—

turn. Parchment, and Paper, or their Officers, to (lamp any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, at any Time after any Bill of Exchange, Promdlbry Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, should be written thereon*

under any Pretence whatsoever: And whereas Cases may have arisen where, through Fraud or Imposition, innocent Persons may have taken such Securities without Stamps, or without Stamps of the proper Denomination or Value, and the bona fide Holders of such Securities may be prevented from recovering their just Demands by reason that the same, not being stamped in pursuance of the said recited Act, cannot be given in Evidence in any of his Majesty's Courts; and it is therefore expedient to give Relief in the

Cases and under the Circumstances herein after mentioned P May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefynt Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, who, on the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety four, was or were the Holder or Holders of any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, liable to 3ny Stamp Duty by virtue of the said recited Act, which shall not have been stamped, or which shall have been stamped with a Stamp of a lower Denomination or Value than is required by the said Act, to produce the same, or cause the same to to be produced, at any Time before the hrtl Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to the Commissioners appointed to manage the said Duties at the Head Office of Stamps in Middlesex, or to such Officer or Officers as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint for such Purpose; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby respectively empowered and required to examine, upon Oath or solemn Affirmation, all and every Person and Persons producing such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, and also such other Person and Persons as shall be tendered to them respectively, to give Evidence touching the same, and all Persons whom such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall think necessary to be examined touching such Bill of Exchange, Promissory or other Note, Draft, or Order, lo produced; and upon due Proof made to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Behalf such Bill of Exchange, Promissory or other Note, Draft, or Order, as aforesaid, shall be produced, was or were possessed of the same on the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and that the same came into his, her, or their Hands, upon a precedent valuable Consideration, without Fraud or Collusion, and as the true and lawful Proprietor thereof, and also' upon Proof made to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, or such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, that such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, was taken by such Holder or Holders thereof as aforesaid, without such Stamp, as is required by the said Act, through Fraud or Imposition, without any fraudulent Intention in such Holder or Holders thereof to evade the Payment of the said Duties by the said Act imposed; and if all and every such Person and Persons as aforesaid, who shall be thereunto required, shall fully answer all lawful Questions relating to such Bill of Exchange, Promiss*y Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, put to him, her, or them, by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or the major Part of them, to direct the proper Officer or Officers, and such Officer or Officers is and are hereby required, upon Payment of the Duty payable on such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, by the said recited Act, and the Sum of ten Pounds over and above the said Duty, to mark or (lamp such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft; or Order, with the proper Mark or Stamp, and to give a Receipt for the Duty artcb Sum of ten Pounds so paid on the Back of

feeb.

jt

Cap. ij*

Holden of Bfttr of Exchang^&c. on Jan. i, 1794*' liab e to Stamp Duty by recited Act, and not Aampt or improperly, m*j before Jan. X, 1795, on Proof' of do fraudulent Intention hate item stampU-

Commissioner*-of Stamps may* order such Bills. See, to be Aamp4* on Payment of the Doty, aa* 104.

524

Commissioner* may require Head l>iA«ib«-for* of Stamps to pxarr in - W it-ne(T-s refid'ng out of the Limit* of the Hf? <3 officeofSuunp, &c.

Perfrrw g*ving fe fc tvicence to be lut-j-ft to the Ltnuities for Pet jury.

j'T Geo. III. C.p. 6i, rc« cited

nd Duties there y imposed made perpetual.

9000l. to be set *patl quarterly ul ©t Duties,

C. 3?, 33. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order; and every such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order so damped, shall have and be deemed of the like Force and V alidity in the Law, as if the same had been duly damped according to the Directions of the said recited Act; and every Person or Persons procuiing such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, to be damped as directed by this Act, shall be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by reason of such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order not having been duly damped according to the Directions of the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it any Person or Persons whom the said Commissioners shall judge necessary to be examined, touching any such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order as aforesaid, shall reside out of the Limits of the Head Office of Stamps in MidcHfex, and the said Commissioners shall think lit to dispersfe with the Examination of such Person or Persons before the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, by Writing under their Hands, to which a Copy of such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order shall be annexed, to require by Name any of their Head Distributors of Stamps to exaruir* such Person or Persons, touching such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, on Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation every such Distributor is hereby empowered to aCmi-nifier); and such Distributor shall cause such Examination to be reduced into Writing, at the Cofis of the Person or Persons requiring such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Dr; ft, or Order to be damped, and shall also cause such Examinations respectively to be signed by the Persons so examined respectively, and shall transmit the same to the said Commissioners at the Cofis of such Person or Persons as aforesaid; all which Cofis the said Commissioners, cr the major Part of them, or their Officer or Officers specially lobe appointed by them for such Purpose, shall albert tin and settle at such reasonable Sum as shall be requisite for the Expence and Trouble to which such Distributor may be put in taking and returning such Examination.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, upon Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons authorized by this Act to administer such Oath or Affirmation, touching any of the Matters aforesaid, shall wilfully and corruptly give Life Evidence, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear, affirm, or allege, any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on Distilleries, and on Licences granted to Distillers, in Scotland; and for appropriating the said Duties.

[17th April 1794.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made and passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of Dim Aeries in Borland, and the Exportation of Bri- t i ill-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, ybr a limited Time, certain Excise Duties were imposed upon the Contents of Stills uied or employed in making 6t diffilling of Low Wines or Spirits, and far the rectifying, compounding, or mixing Spirits or Strong Waters in certain Parts of Scotland\ and also on Licences to be taken out by such Distillers, Redfifiers, and Compounders, of Spirits for Exportation from Scotland to England \ and also upon Licences to be taken out by Distillers of Spirits within trie Highlands of Scotland; which Duties were directed to be carried to the Consoli- dated Fund, and to continue in force until and upon the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, ard from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament:' May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's 11 oft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That tfe Lid Duties ot Excise, imposed by the said recited Act, shall be and are hereby continued and made perpetual, and that the same mail severally and respectively be paid and payable by such Persons, at such Times d in such Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as the said Duties were payable under or by virtue of the said Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, and shall continue to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, (the Charges of railing and accounting for the (amc excepted,) and to be carried to, and made Part of, the Consolidated Fund.

II. And whereas by the said recited Act the several Rates and Duties, imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament then in foice upon Low Wines or Spirits for Home Consumption, or upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, used in Scotland in the Distillation of Spirits, and upon Licences required to be taken out by any Distillers or Makers of Spirits in Scotland, were dif<?6i tinued from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, at the End of every Quarter of a Year after the passing of this Act, (that is to say,) on the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, the tenth Day of October, and the fifth Day of January, in every Year, there dull be set apart at the said Receipt, out of the Monies arising from the Rates and Duties which are continued and nude perpetual by this Act, the Sum of nine thousand Pounds, being one-fourth Part of the

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 33, 34.

Average yearly Produce for three Years next before, and ending on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, of the Rates and Duties upon Low Wines or Spirits, and upon Licences for diddling Spirits, in Scotland, which were discominued by the said recited Act; and that, after setting apart such Quarterly Sums as aforesaid, the Remainder of the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, continued and made perpetual by this Act, shall be deemed an addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Act s passed, or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, a Hook or Books, in which all the said Surplus Monies arising from the said Rates and Dubes, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution an Order of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, respecting the Exportation of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; for preventing Suits in consequence of the same; for authorizing his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, or carrying Coastwise, of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; and for making further Provisions relative thereto.

[17th April 1794.]

WHEREAS it appears that a very unusual Quantity of Pot and Pearl Ash has of late been exported or entered for Exportation to France, in Neutral Vessels, which there is Reason to suppole was intended for the Purpose of increasing the Production of Silt-petre in chat Country, to be afterwards manufactured into Gunpowder: And whereas the Exportation, or carrying out of the Ports of this Kingdom, of certain Cargoes of Pot and Pearl Ash has been Hopped by Order or Orders from the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and by the Officers of his Majesty's Customs: And whereas the said Orders and Proceedings may not be flricily justiiied by Law, but were lb much for the Service of the Publick, and so necessary for preventing his Majesty's Enemies from being supplied with Articles that contribute to the manufacturing of Naval and Military Stores, that they ought to be jufiified by Act of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that his Majesty should be inverted with the

Power to prohibit the Exportation of Pot and Pearl Ash, and of other Articles which, though not strictiy Naval or Military Stores, may, by some Process, be converted into or made useful in increasing the Quantity of Naval and Military Stores :* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent M.3 rty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Per-forral Actions and Suits, Indictments, Informations, and all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reafoil of any Act, Matter, or Thing advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, in relation to the said Orders or proceedings, or of any Contract or Agreement not performed by reason or by means of, or in obedience to, such Orders or Proceedings, be, are, and shall be discharged and made void by virtue of this Act; and that if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against; any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any such Act, Matter, or Thing so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, or such Contract or Agreement not performed, he, she, or they may plead the General (flue, and give this Act and the tpecial Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any Action or Suit so to be prosecuted or commenced lifter the eleventh Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety four, in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or futfer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against such Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their Double Coifs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy as in Cales where Coifs by Law are given to the Defendant; and if any such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted after the said eleventh Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ the Court before which such Action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted shall allow to the Defender the Benefit of the Difclvirge and Indemnity hereby provided; and shall further allow to him his Double Certs ot Suit, in all Inch Cales as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit hath been already commenced against any Person or Persons, for any such Act, Matter, or Thing, so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or torborne to be done, or on Account of any lueh Contract or Agreement not performed, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendants or Defenders in such Actions or Suits respectively, in whatever Courts in Great Britain such Actions or Suits shall have been commenced, to apply to such CJourt or Courts refbcftively, to (lay all Proceedings therein respectively, by Motion in a sum nary Way, and such Court or Courts are hereby required to make Order for that Purpose accordingly; and the Court or Gourts making such Order shall award and allow to the Defendants or Defenders respectively Double Crofts of Suit, for which they shall respectively have the like Remedy as in Cads where the Costs are by 1-aw given to the Defendants or Defenders,

525

and the Remainder to be deemed an Acvii'ion to the Rsvenuc for defraying my aH.Jiti tm1 Laan ol this Seflkn.

Preamble, reciting that Hot and Pra^l A Hi inten led for Exportation to France have been stopt.

Aflinn* for such

Proceed rga made void.

In fjsh Actions, prosecuted aUer Feb. ii, 1794, Defendant to

h ive Double Colli.

Tn A6>ions already comn en-ced the Defendants may a( ply to the Court to flay Proceedings, die.

526

His Majesty may prohibit the exporting o»-carr>-iiigCoaftwife Pot or Pearl Act, See,

and if exported, &c. contrary to such Prohibition, it may be feixed, and the OfTe jd-t rio forfeit Treble the Value, &c.

His Majesty may make such Exception as he shall think proper.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session.

31 Geo II. Cap. 15. for en«

couraging the Exportation of Culm to Lilbor', and

13 Geo. III. Cap. 70, for continuing the said Act, further continued to March 315, >795*

So much of »7 Geo. III. Cap. 31, as di-rests That Spirits shall be deemed of the Strength denoted by Clarke's Hydrometer continued to June 1, 1797,

C. 34 - 36. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

III. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may, by Proclamation or Order in Council, when he shall see Cause, and for such Time as shall be therein expressed, prohibit the exporting, or carrying Coast-wife, or the attempting to export, or carry Coastwise, any Pot or Pearl Afn, or other Articles which shall be judged by his Majesty to be capable of being converted into Naval or Military Stores, or made useful in increasing the Quantity of Naval or Military Stores.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Pot and Pearl Asti, and all Articles which shall be prohibited to be exported by Proclamation or Order in Council as aforesaid, and which shall be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, or laden or laid on Board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of this Kingdom, or Coastwise, contrary to any such Proclamation of his Majesty, or Order of his Majesty in Council, shall be forfeited, and shall or may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and all and every Person or Persons offending therein, shall forfeit Treble the Value of such Articles as aforesaid respectively, as shall be so exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of this Kingdom, or Coastwise, or laden or laid on board of any Ship, Vessil, or Boat, for either of those Purposes; and such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs j provided always, that his Majesty may, by Special Licence under his Sign Manual, or in any such Order in Council or Proclamation, make such Exception with respect to the Exportation, or carrying Coastwise, of any Pot or Pearl Ash, or other Articles as aforesaid, and such Regulations concerning the Manner of exporting, or carrying the same Coastwise, as to him, with the Advice of his Privy Council, shall appear to be proper, specifying the said Articles, and also the Place or Places to and from which the same shall or may be lb exported or carried Coastwise.

V. And be it further enacted, That any Part of this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

---

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

[17th April 1794.]

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

[17th April 1794.]

---

WHEREAS an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, in the Kingdom of Portugal, the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon in British) Ships was allowed for a limited Time,

upon Payment of certain Duties and under certain Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures: And whereas by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the thirty-fiejl Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, in the Kingdom of Portugal,' and for charging a higher Duty upon Culm exported thither in Foreign Shipping \ the said recited Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was extended to the Exportation of Culm in Foreign Ships, upon Payment of certain other Duties, and under the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Forfeitures, and to have Continuance until die twenty- fifth Day of March one thou find seven hundred and ninety-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas ir is expedient that the said recited Acts, and each of them, should be further continued May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the I^ords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and each of them, shall, and the same are hereby respectively further continued until and upon the twenty-filth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, for and in icfpcdl of all Culm which shall be exported under the Regulations and Restrictions in the said Acts respectively mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making Allowances to the Dealers in Foreign I Fines for the Stock of certain Foreign Wines in their Pqfession at a certain Time, upon which the Duties on Importation have been paid; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise, as directs that all Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the Hydrometer, commonly called Clarke's Hydrometer, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any I

such Spirits to be, which was to be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and which by several subsequent Acts was continued until the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

---

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 37 - 40. 527

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for altering an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making the Rivers Mercy and Irwell navigable from Liverpool to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, by incorporating the Proprietors of the said Navigation; and to declare their respective Shares therein to be Personal Estate.

[28th March 1794.]

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal out of and from the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, now cutting, or intended to be cut, in the Parish of Budbrooke, in the County of Warwick, into the Oxford Canal, in the Parish of Braunston, in the County of Northampton.

[28th March 1794.]

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for making a Navigable Canal from or near Porthywain Lime Rocks in the Parish of Llanyblodwell in the County of Salop, to or near Newtown in the County of Montgomery; and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said Canal.

[28th March 1794.]

CAP. XL.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

[9th May 1794.]

---

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, have freely resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of seven hundred and forty thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and Four-pence, to be raised by a Lottery, to conltft of forty thousand Tickets, at eighteen Pounds ten Shillings and Four-pence each, in such Manner as is herein after directed and appointed: And whereas pursuant to, and upon the several Terms and Conditions expressed in, the said Refutation, several Persons have, in Books opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribed together the Whole of the said Sum of seven hundred and forty thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and Four-pence, and made Deposits with the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of one Pound ten Shillings and Four-pence in respeef of every such Ticket j your faithful Commons do therefore 010ft humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, &ed

"All Persons who have made Deposits, pursuant to the Resolution of the House of Commons, are required to pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions at certain Times specified. Cashier to give Security, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Treasury; and to pay all Monies received into the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to apply the Money paid in by the Cashier. 500,000l. the Amount of the Prizes, to be paid out of any Supplies granted this Session. Managers and Directors of the Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the Lottery Books prescribed. Managers to examine the Books, with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt for* 44 the same. Cnliners to return the Books, with the undisposed Tickets, with an Account of Money received and paid in Undisposed Tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. /Pickets of the Middle* Columns to be rolled up, and fastened with Thread or Silk; and cut off indentwise into a Box marked with the Letter (A), and put into another Box, to be locked up, and scaled. Books to be prepared with two Columns, on each of which 40,000 Pickets are to be printed. Tickets in the outermost Column of the Lift-mentioned Books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a Box marked with the Letter (#), &c. Public Notice to be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb. 16, 1797. Number of the Fortunate Tickets, and the Sums to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the Managers. Forging Tickets, ire. made Felony. Offenders (not in Prison), discovering Persons gudty, to receive a Pardon, and 50l. Reward. No Attainder for any Offences against this Act shall make any Corruption of Blood, Lois of Dower, or Difherilon of Heirs. Managers to be sworn. Cashier may receive the Sums subscribed before receiving the Lottery Book; giving a Note for the same 5 which shall entitle the Bearer to a Ticket for every 18l. lor. 4d. paid. After May 23, 1794, the Cashier

34 Geo. III.

3 V

[S2?] C. 40. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

may deliver Tickets not exceeding in Value Half of the Sum actually subscrtbed; and shall give Re- ceipts for the Residue of such Sums, after deducting the Value of the Tickets so delivered. Contributors,

C4 not making good their Payments within the Times limited, forfeit their Depoftts, and the Tickets to be returned to the Managers, iffc. Commissioners of the Treasury may reward the Managers, &c. as they shall think fit. The 500,000l. for the Payment of the Fortunate Tickets, -to be charged on any Sup- plies granted this Session; and shall be paid to the Proprietors, without any Deduction, on July t, 1795,

iffc. Managers to give Notice of the Times for exchanging Tickets for Certificates. Certificates to be numbered, Uc. and signed, ifc. Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to defray the incidental Expences attending the Execution of this Act. No Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution- Monies, or for Receipts, ifc. on Penalty of 20l. No Person to take down the Numbers of the Tickets at the Time of drawing, unless employed as a Clerk, or licensed so to do. Persons so licensed by the Commissioners of Stamps, to provide Books, which shall be damped on every Leaf. Commissioners 4,4 to grant such Licences only on Account of licensed Lottery Offices. Unlicensed Persons taking

down or publishing the Numbers of Tickets drawn, iffc. to forfeit j/. On Complaint, the Magi.

if rates of London may grant Warrants for apprehending Offenders. Ferlons in the actual Commission of such Offence may be apprehended by any Person, and carried before a Magi fixate, who may commit the Offender if Penalty be not paid. Informers and Constables entitled to the Penalties. Persons summoned as WitndTes not appearing, iffc. to forfeit '50l. Form of Conviction. Penalty may be mitigated. Convictions not removeable. Commissioners shall not be required to grant a Licence for dealing iti Lottery Tickets, unlds it shall appear that the Party is of good Character and Reputation, and able to answer the Penalty required by Law, and lie shall have deposited a certain Number of Tickets, iffc. Persons to whom Licences are granted, to give Bond agreeably to 22 Geo. III.

Cap. 47. At the End of twelve Months after Expiration of Licences, the Commissioners may give up

Bonds, or put them in Suit. Licences of Persons neglecting to deposit or divide into Snares 50 Ticketsto

be void; and the Defaulters to be published in the Gazette, iffc. In Cases where Licences under 44 22 Geo. III. Cap. 47, are declared void, in such Cases Licences granted after the Commencement of this 44 Ashall be void for Offences against this Act, or 27 Geo. III. Cap. 1. Licences may be refused to Per- Tons convicted. Persons continuing on their Houfbs the Words Lkcnfed, iffc. after Expiration of jtheir Licences, iffc. to forfeit 20l. Executors, ifc. may be authorized to carry on Business for the Residue of the Terms of Licences. No "Pickets to be divided into any ocher Shares than Halves, Quarters, Eighth?, 44 and Sixteenths, on Penalty of 50l. Application and Recovery of Penalties. Form of Shares of Tickets. Persons counterfeiting Shares, iffc. guilty of Felony."

Persons having

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to have in his in their Cudcuy or their Custody or Possession, or in his or their House, Shop, Office, or Place, any Register or Lift of the ny Keynieror Numbers of the Tickets in the Lottery established by this Act, other than complete Numerical Registers or but ^h-ieha6' Lifts containing all the Tickets in the said Lottery, in Books of tire respective Dimensions and damped in partivuUr'ited Manner herein directed, or such Numerical Lift of each Day's Drawing, as shall be printed and pub-V lUhed under the Authority of this Act by the said Managers and Directors, or true and full Copies thereof respectively; nor for any Person or Persons to set down in any such Register or Lift, or in any Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, the Order, Course, or Priority of drawing any such Ticket or Tickets, other than such Tickets to which Benefits shall belong, under this Act, as being first or last drawn on any Day; - nor to set down in any such Register or Lift, or in any Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, the Time in which any such Ticket shall be drawn on any Day, or in any Manner whatever, either by writing or printing, to mark, denote, or signify, the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day of drawing any such Ticket or Tickets, except such Benefit Tickets as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall knowingly keep or have in his or their Custody or Pofidfion, or in his or their House, Shop, Office, or Place, any Register or Lift containing any Numbers of the Tickets in the said Lottery, other than such Numerical Registers or Lifts, or Copies thereof as aforesaid, or shall set down in any Register or Lift whatever, either by writing or printing, the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day of drawing any such Ticket or Tickets, other than such Tickets to which Benefits shall belong as aforesaid, or any Marks, Figures, or Numbers, to mark, denote, or signify the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day of such Drawing, except asaforc-or keeping any feid > or by himself, or themselves, or by any other or others, keep any Office, Shop, or Place, for Place for exa. examining, or in such Office, Shop, or Place, shall examine, or cause to be examined, for any other Person mining Ticket?, or Persons, or permit any other Person or Persons to examine any Number or Numbers of such Tickets, hi MDy ?jhcr. whether with or without Reward, by any Register or Lift of Tickets whatever, other than such Numerical iaiTift Z7o Register or Lift* ora true Copy thereof as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons keeping or causing to be forfeit 50l. kept any Register or Lift of Tickets in the said Lottery, shall give, or cause or procure to be given, any Notice or Information whatever to any Person or Persons of the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day of drawing any Ticket or Tickets, except such Benefit Tickets as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; and every such Lift or Register or Copy as aforesaid, made contrary to the Directions of this Act, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Constable, or other Officer of the Peace, or by any Person employed by the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties in the Execution of the several Acts for the Regulation of Lotteries, and upon Production

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 40.

[528]

thereof before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, such Justice or Justices shall and may, by his or their Order in Writing, direct the same to be detained, or otherwise if he or they shall think fit, to be destroyed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon Complaint or Information made upon Oath, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, of any Offence committed against the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty in any House or Place within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, whereby any of the Offenders may be liable to Punishment as Rogues and Vagabonds, it shall and may be lawful coand for the said Justice or Justices before whom such Oath shall be taken, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and impower any Person or Persons by Day or by Night, (but if in the Night-time, then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, who are hereby required to be aiding and assisting the rein,) to break open the Doors, or any Part of such House or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, and to enter into such House or Place, and to seize and apprehend all such Offenders, and all other Persons who shall bedifeovered in such House or Place, and who shall have knowingly aided or assisted, or been any Ways concerned with any such Offender or Offenders in committing such Offence, and to convey them before any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, wherein such Person shall be so apprehended, to be dealt with according to Law as aforesaid; and all Persons who shall be discovered in such House or Place, knowingly aiding, assisting, or any Ways concerned with such Offender or Offenders in carrying on any Transactions respecting the said Lotteries, or either of them, contrary to the express Provision^ of the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year aforesaid, shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and punishable in like Manner as is directed by the said Act or this Act, as the Case may require; and it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers having the Execution of such Warrant, and all other Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, to stop, arrest, and detain, all and every the Person and Persons so discovered in such House or Place, and to convey the said Person and Persons before such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall forcibly obstruct, of-pose, molest, or hinder, any such Officer or Officers, or others acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, in the due Execution of their Duty, or in the due entering into such House or Place, or in the seizing, detaining, or conveying before such Justice or Justices, any such Offenders or other Persons as aforesaid, every such Person so obstructing, oppoling, molciting, or hindering as aforesaid, shall be deemed an Offender against Law and the public Peace, and the Court before whom any such Offender shall be tried and convicted shall and may order such Offender to be fined, imprisoned, and publicly whipped, as in their Discretion shall be thought fit; and all Persons, although not discovered in such House or Place as aforesaid, who shall employ or cause to be employed any Person or Persons in carrying on any of the Transacb'on3 aforesaid, or in aiding or assisting any such Person or Persons, shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and shall be punishable in like Manner as is directed by the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year aforesaid.

On CompVnt on Oa'h of Offences against 27 Geo III. Cap. t. whereby the Pait>e8 may be liable to Pu-nilhmer.t as Rogues, Jt-ftices may auifionze Persons to break open Houses, &c.

Persons discovered in fu< h Houses c n-cerned in carry-ina on illegal Transactions, to be punished as Rogues, and may be arrested, &c.

Penalty on Persons obstructing Officers, &o.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall not Manner in be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to commence or enter, cr cause or procure to be commenced which Aflionr or entered, or filed or prosecuted, any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminjl e)\ for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties inflicted by any of the Laws nienced.C f touching or concerning Lotteries, or by this Act, unless the same be commenced, entered, fiied, and prosecuted, in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, or in the Name or Names of some Officer or Officers appointed by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties; and if any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall be commenced or entered in any other Person's Name or Names than as is before mentioned, the same, and all Proceedings thereupon had, are hereby declared to be null and void, and the said Court or Courts, where such Proceedings shall be so commenced, shall cause the same to be stayed; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Writ or Process shall issue against Where the any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties for any Offence committed against any Pc-

Law touching or concerning Lotteries, or against this A cl, and the Amount of the Penalty or Penalties sued lor shall not be inserted therein, or no Affidavit thereof shall be made or filed according to the Directions of the ;n writs, the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Plaintiff or Informer shall not Defendant to be proceed to arrest the Body or Bodies of the Defendant or Defendants, but shall serve him or them person- ^rved with a ally with a Copy of the Process, and shall and may proceed therein in like Manner as in Cases of Debt, r£e

where the Cause of Action does not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds in the said Courts respectively; any recc s* c* Thing in the said last mentioned Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be brought before any two or more Justices of Offenders ad-the Peace, and shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences against the said Act of the twenty-seventh Krpues

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or of this Act, whereby such Person shall be adjudged a Rogue ay h^com?3

[ 3 V 2 J and mined.

528

PrrcrHirg* not icmovib ic by Certiorari.

Cenerd Issue.

[Treble Costs.]

11 Geo. III. Cap. 47. recited.

Company may continue their Bond D-bt of a,000,cocl and borrow a further Sum of l, QOO, OOol.

C. 40, 41. Anno trieduno quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

and a Vagabond, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to order such Offender to be sent to the House of Correction, there to remain for any Space of Time, not exceeding six Calendar Months, nor Ids than one Month, and until the final Period of the drawing of the Lottery, in respect whereof such Offence shall be committed, and such Proceedings shall not he subject to Appeal, nor shall be removed or removable by Certiorau, or other wile, into any Court whatever.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be feed, most (led, or |)Vo(lcuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this A cl, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the Gcntral Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence, in his, her, or their Defence or IXfences; and if afterwards a V7erdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise; then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such Plaintiff ot Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to empower the East India Company to continue a Bond Debt of two Millions, and to increase the same by a further Sum, as Circumstances may require.

[9th May 1794.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for placing the Stock, called East India Annuities, under the Management of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and ingrafting the same on the three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, in Redemption of a Debt of four millions two hundred thousand Pounds owing by the Publick to the East India Company; and for enabling the said Company to raise a Sum of Money by a further Increase of their Capital Stock, to be applied in Discharge of certain Debts of the said Company; it was amongst other Things enabled, that it should be lawful for the said Company, with the Consent of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury,

or any three of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time or Times thereafter, to open Books and receive Subscriptions for enlarging their then present Capital Stock or Fund of five Millions to any Sum not exceeding the further Sum of one Million, (o as to make their whole Capital Stock the Sum of six Millions; and that the said Company should, out of the Monies to arise by the said Subscriptions, in the first Place, apply so much thereof as should be (Efficient for the Purpose in reducing their Bond Debt in Great Britain to the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds; and after such Reduction made, or a sufficient Sum let apart and reserved for that Purpose, that the said Company should and might apply and dispose of the Residue of the Monies arising by the said Subscriptions, in the Discharge of such other Debts due or coming due from them, as they should think fit: And it was thereby also enacted, that after the said Bond Debt should have been so reduced to one million five hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid, it should not be lawful for the said Company again to increase the same beyond that Amount, unless with the Approbation of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, for that Purpose in Writing first had and obtained, and that the whole Increase to be made to the said Bond Debt should in nowise exceed the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds: And whereas the said Company have accordingly received Subscriptions in the Manner by the said Act directed, whereby their Capital Stock hath been increased to six Millions, and the said Company have, out of the Monies arising by the said Subscriptions, paid, bought up, or otherwise discharged Bonds to the Amount of one million one hundred and fifty thousand five hundred and seventy-five Pounds, or thereabouts, and have set apart a sufficienc Sum for the Purchase or Discharge of as many more Bonds as will reduce the said Debt to two Millions: And whereas in the present State of the Affairs of the said Company it will be for their Convenience and Advantage that, inliead of applying any further Part of the Money which hath arisen by the said Subscriptions in or towards a further Reduction of their said Bond Debt be- yond the Sum already set apart as aforesaid, the Company should be permitted to apply the same to the general Purposes of their Commerce, and to continue on Foot the said Bond Debt of two Millions, and it is also expedient that the said Company should be permitted to increase their said Bond Debt by a further Sum not exceeding one Million, as Circumstances may require May it therefore please your Majesty that if may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to keep on Foot and continue their said Bond Debt in Great Britain at the aforesaid Amount of two Millions, and to apply the Surplus Monies of the said Subscriptions remaining, after reducing or setting apart a (Efficient Sum to reduce the said Bond Debt to the Amount aforesaid, to and for the general Purposes of their Trade and Commerce; and further, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Company, by and with the Approbation and Consent

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 41, 42. $29

of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India for the Time being, at any Time or Times hereafter, to borrow upon and issue Bonds, under their Common Seal, for any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one Million, for the Purposes of Their Trade, as Circumstances may require; any Thing contained in the said Act, or in any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for granting to Foreign Ships put under his Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies surrendered to his Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors; and for repealing an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and also so much of an Act passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty as amends the said Act.

[9th May 1794.]

WHEREAS, in consequence of Articles of Capitulation, whereby certain Foreign Colonies, or Parts of Foreign Colonies, have been, or may hereafter be, surrendered to his Majesty during the present War, certain Foreign Ships and Vessels may have been put, or may be put, under his Majesty's Protection: And whereas the said Ships and Vessels, not being taken and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty, cannot, by the Laws now in force, be registered as Prize Ships, and be entitled to the Privileges and Advantages of such Ships: And whereas it is just and expedient that Ships or Vessels, which shall have been or may be so put under his Majesty's Protection, should be admitted, in like Manner as Prize Ships, to the Privileges and Advantages of British Ships or Vessels, under certain Regulations and Restrictions Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Foreign Ships and Vessels heretofore owned by the Subjects of his late most Christian Majesty, which, in consequence of any such Capitulation, shall have been or may be so put under his Majesty's Protection, at the Time of, or in consequence of, the Surrender of any Foreign Colony, or Part of any Foreign Colony, to his Majesty, shall and may be registered in like Manner as Ships taken and condemned as lawful Prize may, by the Laws now in force, be registered, and shall, by virtue thereof, become entitled to the Privileges and Advantages of British Ships or Vessels, under the Regulations and Restrictions herein after mentioned: Provided always, That no such Ship or Vessel shall be so registered but upon producing a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of the Person who commanded in Chief, by Sea or by Land, at the Time when such Foreign Colony, or Part of Foreign Colony, was surrendered to his Majesty, or in case of the Death or Departure of any such Officer before such Certificate shall have been so given, then upon a like Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Person who shall command in Chief, by Sea or by Land, at such Colony, or Part of Foreign Colony, testifying that such Ship or Vessel was put under the Protection of his Majesty at the Time of, or in consequence of, such Surrender; and upon Oath being taken and subscribed, before the Person or Persons authorized to make such Registry, and grant such Certificate of Registry, respectively, (which they are hereby respectively empowered to administer,) by the Owner of such Ship or Vessel, if such Ship or Vessel is owned by or belongs to one Person only, or, in case there shall be two joint Owners, then by both of such joint Owners, if both shall be resident within twenty Miles of the Port or Place where such Register is required, or by one of such Owners, if one or both of them shall be resident at a greater Distance from such Port or Place, or if the Number of such Owners or Proprietors shall exceed two, then by the greater Part of the Number of such Owners or Proprietors, if the greater Number of them shall be resident within twenty Miles of such Port or Place as aforesaid, not in any Case exceeding three of such Owners or Proprietors, or by one of such Owners, if all shall be resident at a greater Distance, declaring, in the Form and Manner herein after directed, that such Ship or Vessel is wholly owned by natural-born British Subjects, or by Aliens that have been naturalized or made Denizens, or by Persons who have become British Subjects by virtue of feme Capitulation as aforesaid, and have taken the Oath of Fidelity and Allegiance to his Majesty in consequence of such Capitulation, or by any or either of the before-mentioned Descriptions of Persons, and none other: Provided also, That such Registry shall not be made, nor Certificate of such Registry be granted, for any Ship or Vessel that has been or may be so put under his Majesty's Protection in the Island of Saint Domingo, but at the Port of Kingston in the Island of Jamaica; nor for any Ship or Vessel that has been or may be so put under his Majesty's Protection in any of the French Leeward Islands, but in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica; and that the said Port of Kingston in the Island of Jamaica, and the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, shall respectively, for the Purpose of such Registry, be deemed and taken to be the Port to which such Ship or Vessel belongs.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Oath before directed to be taken shall be in the Form and Manner following:

Vessels owned by Subjects of the late French King, pot under his Majesty Protection, to be emit led to the Privileges of British Vessels, under certain Restriction?.

Where Registry of such Shipa is to be granted.

53

Form of Oath to be taken previous to such Registry,

Such Vessels may export and, import, as herein specified.

His Majesty, on the Arrival of any such Vessel in any Port of Great Britain, may authorize it to be registered s a Prize Ship.

From July 20,

1794>noSubj-&

of heLteFrtni h King to be on board any such Vessel bound to any of,) is Ma-j ift/'a Dominions unless he produce a Certi.

C. 42. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

I A.B. of [Place of Residence and Occupation], do make Oath, That the Ship or Vessel [Aymw], of A [Port or Place], whereof [Master's Name] is at present Master, being [Kind of Bui It, Burthen, be,

as defer ibed in the Certificate of the firveying Officer], was [when and where built, or if Prize, Capture and Condemnation, or if put under his Mu]fly's Protection, when and where]; and that I the said A.B. [and the other Owners' Names and Occupations, if any, and where they respectively reside, videlicet, Town,

Place, or Parish and County, or if Member of and resident in any Factory in Foreign Parts, or in any Foreign Town or City, being an Agent for or Partner in any House or Copartnership^ actually carrying on Trade in Great Britain or Ireland, the Name of such Factory, Foreign Town, or City, and the Names of such House or Copartnership,] am [or are] sole Owner or Owners] of the said Vessel, and that no other Person or Persons whatever hath or have any Right, Title, Interest, Share, or Property therein or thereto; and that I the said A.B. [and the said other Owners, if any] am [or are] truly and bona fide*

Subject [tfr Subjects] of Great Britain, and that I the said A.B. have not [nor have any of the other Owners 'to the he/l of my Knowledge and Belief] taken the Oath of Allegiance to any Foreign State what- ever [except wider the Terms of fine Capitulation, defers bing the Particulars thereof ], or that since my taking [or his or their taking] the Oath of Allegiance to [naming the Foreign States respectively to which he or any of the said Owners jhaV have taken the same 1, and prior to the passing of an Act in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the find her hicrease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, I have [or, he or they hath or haveJ become a Subject or Subjects] of Great Britain, [either by his Alajejbfs Letters Patent as a Denizen or Denizens, or, natures*

lized by Act of Parliament, as the Case may be, naming the Dates of the Letters of Denization, or the Act or Acts of Parliament for Naturalization, respectivelyf] or [as the Case may be] I have [or, he or they hath or have] become a Denizen [K/-, Denizens or natualized Subject or Subjects, as the Case may be] of Great Britain by his Majesty's Letters Patent, or by an Act of Parliament, passed since the first Day of c4" January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, [naming the Times when such Letters of Denization have been granted respectively, or the Year or Years in which such Act or Acts of Naturalization have passed respectively,] or, that I A.B. and the other Owners, if any, having become British Subject or Subjects by virtue of a Capitulation [discribing the Particulars thereof as to Place, Date, and Parties] nave, or he or they hath or have taken the Oath of Fidelity and Allegiance to his Majesty the King of Great Britain, [discribing the Times when, the Place where, and before whom taken,] in consequence of such Capitulation; and that no Foreigner directly or indirectly hath any Share, or Part, or Interest in tire laid Ship or Vessel."

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Ship or Vessel, being registered and having a Certificate of Registry as aforesaid, and being navigated as British Ships are now or may hereafter be required by Law to be navigated, to export from any such Colony, or Part of Foreign Colony, so surrendered to his Majesty, to any of the British Dominions in Europe, to any of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Islands in America or the West Indies, to any Foreign Blands in the West Indies, not belonging to any Sovereign or State at War with his Majesty, to the Territories of the United States of America, to all other P^rts of the Continent of America and the Blands adjacent, to the Western Islands commonly called Azores, and Madeira and Canary Islands, to the Coast of Africa and the Blands adjacent, and to none other Place whatever; and also to import into any such Foreign Colony, or Part of Foreign Colony, so surrendered to his Majesty, from any of the aforesaid Dominions, Colonies, Plantations, Territories, Coast, or Islands, and from none other Place whatever, such Goods and Commodities respectively, and none other, as any British-built Ship or Vessel may by Law import or export to and from the aforesaid Dominions, Colonies, Plantations, Territories, Coast, and Blands respectively; and such Exportation and Importation respectively shall be made in like Manner, and under and subject to the like Duties, Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, as if such Exportation or Importation was made in any British-hu&t Ship or Vessel.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, at any Time, on the Arrival of any such Ship or Vessel in any Port of Great Britain, upon Application to him made, and upon Consideration of such Circumstances as shall satisfy his Majesty of the Expediency thereof, to authorize any such Ship or Vessel (without Payment of any Duty whatever for the said Ship or Vessel, or the Sails and other necessary Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereof,) to be registered, and to have a Certificate thereof, as in the Case of a Prize Ship, in any Port in the Kingdom of Great Britain, ar)d such Ship or Vessel so registered shall in such Case be entitled to all the Privileges and Advantages which belong by Law to Ships taken and condemned as lawful Prize.

V. And, in order to prevent disaffected or suspected Persons, who have resided in any such Foreign Colony, or Part of Foreign Colony, which has been or may be so surrendered to his Majesty, from obtaining Admission into any Part of his Majesty's Dominions in any Ship or Vessel whatever, among the Mariners who may be employed to navigate the same, or as Passengers on board thereof,' be it further enacted, That, from and after the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, no Person heretofore a Subject of his late most Christian Majesty, being a White Person or Mulatto, or Free Negro, shall be employed to navigate any Ship or Vessel, bound from any such Foreign Colony, or Part of Foreign Colony, to any Part of his Majesty's Dominions, or be conveyed as a Passenger on board thereof from any such Foreign Colony, or Part of Foreign Colony, unless such Person shall produce a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of the Person who commands in Chief as aforesaid in such Foreign Colony, or Part of Foreign Colony, or at the Port or Place therein from whence such Ship or Vessel shall fail, testifying that such

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 42, 43.

Person has taken the Oath of Fidelity and Allegiance to his Majesty; and that no Negro Slave belonging to any Person whatsoever, heretofore a Subject of his late most Christian Majesty, shall be so employed or conveyed, but upon a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of his Master, (which Master shall have taken the Oath of Fidelity and Allegiance as aforesaid,) certifying the good Character of such Negro Slave, and testifying that his Conduct has been such that he may be safely admitted into the Ports of his Majesty's Dominions; which Certificate shall be indorsed by the Person who commands in Chief his Majesty's Troops or Vessels at the Port or Place from whence such Ship or Vessel shall fail, signifying that he has no Reason to doubt of the Truth thereof, upon Pain that the Master or other Person, having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Person employed or conveyed in his Ship or Vessel, who has not such Certificates respectively.

VI. And whereas, by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, it is enacted that no Alien,

or Person not born within the Allegiance of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, or naturalized or made a free Denizen, shall exercise the Trade or Occupation of a Merchant or Factor in any Lands, Islands, Plantations, or Territories to his Majesty belonging, or in his Possession, or which might thereafter belong unto or be in the Possession of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Asia, Africa, or America, upon Pain of the Forfeiture and Loss of all his Goods and Chattels, or which are in his Possession :' Be it enacted, That every Person, although an Alien born, and not naturalized nor made a free Denizen, who shall reside in any Island or Place which has surrendered, or which shall hereafter surrender to his Majesty, and be in his Majesty's Possession in the West Indies, and who shall have taken the Oatn of Fidelity and Allegiance to his Majesty, according to the Terms of the Capitulation under which such Island or Place shall have surrendered, shall be, and shall from the Time of such Surrender be deemed to have been entitled to exercise the Trade or Occupation of a Merchant or Factor in any such Island or Place; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas an Act was passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, which Act was to continue and be in force for five Years, to be reckoned from the tv/enty-fifth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which has been since further continued by several Acts of Parliament, and is now in force: And whereas, by an Act passed in the fif- tee nth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to revive several ASis for the P uni some nt of Persons destroying "Turnpikes or Locks, or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament, and for other Pur- pojes therein mentioned; and to continue several Acts relating to Rice, to Frauds in the Customs, to the clan- define Running of Goods, and to Copper Ore of the British Plantations; and for extending the Liberty given by the Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for carrying Sugar of the Growth of the British Sugar Colonies in America, to Ships belonging to any of his Majesty1 s Subjects ref ding in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and for the more effectual preventing the cutting of Star or Bent; Sugar of the Growth of the British Sugar Colonies in Aimerica was permitted to be carried from the said Colonies diredfly to Foreign Parts, in Ships belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects residing in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law: And whereas, in order to secure the bringing into the Ports of his Majesty's Dominions in Europe, Sugar the Produce of such Parts of the West Indies as have lately or may hereafter come into his Majesty's rofleflion, it is expedient that the same should be repealed :' Be it enacted, That the said Act passed in the twelfth Year of Ids late Majesty's Reign, and io

much of the said Act passed in the fifteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, as relates to the carrying Sugar of the Growth of the British Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, from the said Colonies diredfly to Foreign Parts, in Ships belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects residing in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, be, and the same are hereby repealed.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to enable Subjects of France to enlist as Soldiers in Regiments to serve on the Continent of Europe, and in certain other Places, and to enable his Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of France, to serve and receive Pay as Officers in such Regiments, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions.

[9th May 1794.]

'WHEREAS, during the present War between Great Britain and France, it may be expedient to raise Regiments to serve on the Continent of Europe, or in the Dominions of his late most Christian Majesty; and to enlist, as Soldiers in such Regiments, such Persons who were

Suijedts of his late most Christian Majesty as shall be willing to enlist themselves in his Majesty's Service; and to enable certain Numbers of them to serve and receive Pay as Officers in such Regiments, and as Engineers, under Restrictions:' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for all such Persons who were Subjects of his late most Christian Majesty, as shall be willing to serve his Majesty, to enlist as Soldiers, and to accept Commissions

or

53-i

ficate of his having taken the Oath of Fidelity See, on Penalty on the Mailer*

ii Car. U. Cap. ]S, recited.

Aliens residing in any Place surrendered to his Majesty in the West Indies may act as Met -chants or Factors.

11 Geo. II, Cap. 30, and

15 Geo. III. Cap. 33, recited,

and the former and Part of the laittr repealed.

Subjr&i of the late French King

532

fniy enift ar><l accept Cormr.it-fion^ to fe've on t he Continent ot Europe, fee.

Such Officers not en'i'.led to H if 1 av, nor a iy such 3< l:ier 1 i *b!<* to Penalty for pr',tViTing the i'opiih Religion.

Soch Tronps ir ay be bnded in Great V. Pain, for c'-r..in Purpose?. See.;

but no more than

5,coo to be in the Kingdom at one Time.

Officers and Soldiers to be liable to such Article! of War as his Majesty shall eitaalish, dec.

[Continuance of Act.]

23 Geo. III.

lap, 761 continued to June *°>-* 1795.

So much of 10 Geo. III. Cap. 37, a* relates to regulating Fee* of Officers of

C. 43,44. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

or Letters of Service from his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or from Persons duly authorized by his Majesty to grant the same, (which Commissions it shall be lawful to grant.) to serve as Officers or as Engineers in any Part of the Continent of Europe or in the Islands of Guenijt\\ Jerfy, Alderney, and Sark, or in any Part of the Dominions of his late most Christian Majesty: Provided, That no such Officer or Soldier shall be enabled by this Act to serve as an Officer, or Engineer, or Scldier, in any Place, except on the Continent of Europe, or in any of the Islands of Guervjcy, Jersey, AlUierney, and Sark, or in any Part of the Dominions of his late most Christian Majesty: Provided also, That no such Officer, when he shall be reduced, shall be entitled to receive Half Pay: Provided also, That no such Person as aforesaid shall be liable to any Pain or 1'enahy for having enlisted as a Soldier in any such Regiments as aforesaid, by reason of his having proteffed the Popish Religion, and not having declared the tame at the Time of his enlisting.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall be deemed necessary or expedient to bring any such Troops as aforesaid to any Port or Place in Great Britain, for the Purpose of Rendezvous, or with a View to Operations Abroad, and it shall be deemed necessary or expedient to land such Troops in any Part of Great Britain, for Health or Exercise, it shall be lawful so to do, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding Provided always, That such Troops so landed shall not be marched into the Country to any Distance greater than five Milts from the Sea Coast: Provided also, That Notice of landing such Troops shall, within fourteen Days after such Landing, be given to both Houses of Parliament, if Parliament shall be then assembled; and if not, then within fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That there shall never be at any one Time within this Kingdom a greater Number of Persons who shall have been enlisted under the Authority of this Act than five thousand Men,

IV. Provided always, and be it further declared and enacted, That all and every such Officers and Soldiers respectively shall, whilst in his Majesty's Service as aforesaid, be subject and liable to such Articles of War as his Majesty shall think fit to establish for the better Government of such Forces and for bringing Offenders against the same to Justice, and for constituting Courts Martial, with Power to try, hear, and determine any Crimes or Offences by such Articles of War, and inflict Penalties by Sentence or Judgment of the same: Provided always, That no Officer or Soldier shall, by such Articles of War, be (ubjed to any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, for any Crime which is not expressed to be so punishable by an Act of this Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for tunishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters); nor for such Crimes are expressed to be so punifluble in the said Act, in any Manner or under any Regulations which shall not accord with the Provisions of the said Act: Provided also, That every Person who shall be enlisted as a Soldier under the Authority of this Act shall be attested in such Manner as his Majesty shall direct by such Articles of War, and not otherwise; and that such Officers and Soldiers respectively shall take such Oath for their Fidelity, during thek Continuance in his Majesty's Service, as his Majesty shall in like Manner direct, and no other.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in force and have Continuance during the Cud War, and from the End thereof to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; and to revive and continue so much of two Acts made in the tenth and sixteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and or the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland.

[9th May 1794.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be further continued;' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, (intituled, An Act for tjiablishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland and the Islands adjacent,) which was to continue in force until the tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-live, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for continuing so much of an Act, made in the third Year of his present Majestys Reign intituled, An Act to continue and amend two Acts made tn the twenty frjl and twenty-eighth Years of his late Majestys Reign, f or encouraging the making of indice in 5 " the

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 44,45. 533

u the British Plantations in America, and for extending the Provisions of an Act of the thirtieth Year of his late Majesty's. Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to opanish Prize Goods taken finee the late Declaration of tvar with Spain/' as relates to encouraging the making of Indico in the Britiftl Plantations in America, and for explaining so much of an Act made in the ffth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in America, a$d for extending the same to the Naval Officers there,) as relates to regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America; which Act was to be in force from the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventy, for and during the Term of two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was by four Acts made in the twelfth, fourteenth, nineteenth, and ttventy-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, at which Time the said Act expired; and also so much of an Act passed in the fzx-teenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; and for regulating the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland,) as relates to the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland; which Act, as to such Part thereof as aforesaid, was to have Continuance so long as the said Act passed in the tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, should be continued and remain in force; and which Act, of the sixteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, is therefore now no longer in force, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be revived, and so much and such Parts of the said Acts as aforesaid are hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Effect from the passing of this Act, for and during the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and every Collector, Comptroller, and other Officer of his Majesty's Customs, and every Naval Officer in the said Colonies respectively, shall be, and they are hereby declared to have been, from the Time the said Acts expired and ceased to be in force respectively, and for and during the Continuance of this Act, entitled to ask, demand, take, and receive such rees as they would respectively have been entitled to ask, demand^ take, and receive, if the said Acts had been continued and remained in force respectively.

Custom* and Natal officer* in America}

and so much of 16 Geo. III. Cap. 47, as relabel to Fee* of Officers of Customs in Newfoundland, re-\iv-d, and to continue in force five Year*, &c.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to enable his Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature in Norfolk Island.

[9th May 1794.}

WHEREAS by an Act, made and passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal judicature on the Eastern Coast of New South Wales, and the Parts adjacent; it is enacted, that his Majesty may, by his Commission under the Great Seal, authorize the Person to be appointed Governor, or the Lieutenant Governor in the Absence of the Governor, of the Eastern Coast of New South Wales, and the Islands adjacent thereto, to convene, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, a Court of Judicature, for the Trial and Punishment of all such Outrages and Misbehaviours as if committed within this Realm would be deemed and taken, according to the Laws of this Realm, to be Treason. or Misprision thereof, Felony, or Misdemeanor, which said Court shall proceed to try such. Offenders after the Manner therein mentioned:

And whereas, from the increased Number of Persons in Norfolk Island^ being one of the said

Islands adjacent to the said Eastern Coast of New South Wales, and from the Delay and Difficulty aitend ing the Conveyance of Prisoners from the said Norfolk Island to his Majesty's Settlement on the said Eastern Coast of New South Wales, the due Execution of the said Act hath been greatly retarded and im- peded :' For Remedy thereof, and to the End that the Benefits of the said Act may be more effectually extended to his Majesty's Settlement on Norfolk If and \ be it enacted by the King's tnoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That his Majesty may, by his Cotrunidion under the Great Seal, authorize the Lieutenant Governor, or Person for the Time being administering the Government of his Majesty's Settlement in Norfolk Island, to convene, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, a Court of Judicature for the Trial and Punishment of all such Outrages and Misbehaviours as if committed within this Realm would be deemed and taken, according to the Laws of this Realm, to be Treafbn, or Misprision thereof, Felony, or Misdemeanor; which Court shall consist of the Judge Advocate, to be appointed in and for his Majesty's Settlement in Norflk If and, together with four Officers of his Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, and shall proceed to try all Persons who shall offend in any of the Premises, by calling such Offenders respectively before them, by causing the Charge against him, her, or them respectively to be read over, which Charge shall always be reduced into Writing, and shall be exhibited to the said Court by the Judge Advocate, and by examining Witnesses upon Oath, to be administered by such Court, as well for as against such Offenders respectively, and afterwards adjudging by the* Opinion of the major Part of the Persons composing such Court, that the Party accused is or is not (as the Case shall appear to them) guilty of the Charge, and by pronouncing Judgment therein (as upon a Conviction by Verdict) of Death, if the Offence be Capiral, or of such corporal Pun'rshment, not extending ta capital Punishment, as to the said Court shall seem meet.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Provost Marshal, or other Officerto be for that Purpose appointed by such Lieutenant Governor, or Person for the Time being administering the Government of his Majesty's

17 Geo. III. Cap. ft, recited.

H:» Majesty may authorize the Lieutenant Governor of Norfolk Island to convene a Court of Judicature for Trial of Offender*:

Who are to be Members of it, and how they are to proceed*.

Provost Mar dial to execute ihe Judgment of the Court*

534 C. 45, 46. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

Settlement in Norfolk Island as aforesaid, shall cause due Execution of such Judgment to be had and made, under and according to the Warrant of such Lieutenant Governor, or Person for the Time beingadministering the Government of his Majesty's Settlement in Norfolk If and as aforesaid, under his Hand and Seal, and not otherwise: Provided always, That Execution shall not be had or done on any capital Convict or Convids, unless four Persons present in such Court shall concur in adjudging him, her, or them, so accused and tried as aforesaid, to be respectively guilty, until the Proceedings shall have been transmitted to his Majesty, and by him approved, ccedin's to be tnnCnmted to his Majesty.

Unl«fv four Members concur i 1 adjudging capital Ort'cnd-e»s. the Pro-

Court to v-1

III. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Court shall be a Court of Re-Ctmrt vi Record. corj> and shall have all such Powers as, by the Laws of England, are incident and belonging to a Court of Record.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for taking of Special Bail in Actions and Suits depending in the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[9th May 1794.]

The Chancellor or Vice Chancellor of the County of Lin-caster may authorize Per-so* s »o take Kail in Alton* depending in the County Couir, &c.

Feci.

Justices of the Court may make Rules h r jollifying Bail, &c.

Prothonotary of kii Deputy may take Bail a, hcrttofoie.

WHEREAS it hath been found inconvenient that no Person Is empowered to giant Commissions for the talcing and receiving Recognizances of Bail in AvStions and Suits commenced or depending in the Court of Common Pleas, otherwise called The Court of Session for the County Pd'ntine of Lancaster,

held before his Majesty's Justices there For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, or his Vice Chancellor for the said County Palatine for the Time being respectively, shall and may, by one or more Commission or Corn-millions, under the Seal of the said County Palatine, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, empower such and so many Person or Persons (other than common Attornies or Solicitors) as he, or either of them, shall think, fit and necessary, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, to take and receive all and every inch Recognizance or Recognizances of Bail or Bails, as any Person or Persons shall be willing and deiirous to acknowledge or make, before any Person so empowered in any Action or Suit depending, or hereafter to be depending in the said Court, in such Manner and F orm, and by such Recognizance or Bail Piece, as Special Bails are usually, or by Law ought to be taken; which said Commissions shall be made out by the Prothonotary of the said Court, upon a Fiat or Warrant from the said Chancellor, or Vice Chancellor for the Time being, and which said Recognizance or Recognizances, Bail Piece or Bail Pieces, so taken as aforesaid, together with an Affidavit made of the due taking of the Recognizances of such Bail or Bail Piece, by some credible Person present at the taking thereof, or, being one of the People called Quakers., by his Affirmation; and which Affidavit or Affirmation the Person so empowered to take the said Recognizance or Recognizances of Bail or Bails shall be, and hereby is authorized to receive and take, and to administer the Oath or solemn Affirmation, as the Case may require, shall, within ten Days after the taking such Bail,* be transmitted to the Office of the Prothonotary of the said County, there to be filed of Record, upon Payment of the Sum of eleven Shillings and Eight-pence; and which Recognizance of Bail or Bail Piece, so taken and transmitted, shall be of full Foice and Effect: and the following Fees, and no more, shall be paid for each of the said last mentioned Commissions, and for taking the Acknowledgments of the Bail and Affidavits, or Affirmations respeefing the same; (to wit,)

The Sum of three Shillings for the Fiat or Warrant:

The Sum of eight Shillings and Sixpence for making out the Commission, besides the King's Duty and Parchment;

The Sum of five Shillings for the Seal:

The Sum of six Shillings for taking every such Acknowledgment or Bail Piece:

And the Sum of one Shilling for the taking of the Affidavit, or Affirmation of the due taking thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty's Justices of the said Court for the Time being shall and may make such Rules and Orders for the justifying of such Bails, and making the same absolute, as to them shall seem meet, so that it may not be necessary for the Cognizor or Cognizors of any such Bail or Bails to appear in the said Court to justify him or themselves, but that the same may be determined by Affidavit or Affidavits (or, being made by any of the People called Quakers, by Affirmation or Affirmations) duly taken before any Commissioner to be appointed as aforesaid, (or before the Prothonotary of the said Court for the Time being, or his officiating Deputy ex officio, as Officers of the said Court, and without any Commission for that Purpose,) touching the Value of the respective Estates, and other necessary Qualifications of such Cognizor or Cognizors; and for the swearing of each such Affidavit, or taking such Affirmation, shall be received the Sum of one Shilling, and no more.

III. Provided also nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent the Prothonotary of the said Court for the Time being, or his officiating Deputy, from taking and receiving ex officio^ and as Officers of the said Court, Recognizances of Bails in Anions or Suits commenced, or hereafter to be commenced, in the said Court, in such Manner as he and they have done, or by Law might do* if this Act had not been made-

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 46, 47. 535

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall make any Affidavit or Affirmation of the due taking of the Recognizance of any Bail, or for the Justification of any Bail, or otherwise in relation thereto, in any Suit or Action depending, or to be hereafter depending, in the said Court, shall falsely fv/ear, orfalfely affirm in or by his or their said Affidavit or Affirmation respectively, every such Person and Persons shall incur and be liable unto the like Pains and Penalties as he, she, or they would have incurred and been liable unto, if such Affidavit or Affirmation had been made and taken in open Court, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

Persons {wearing falsely to be liable to the same Penalties as would have been incurred in Courts of Record at Westminster.

V. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall, before any Person or Persons em- Persons repre-powered by virtue of this Act as aforesaid to take special Bail or Bails, represent or personate any other Per- felting others son or Persons, whereby the Person or Persons so represented or personated may be liable to the Payment ^be^fable^ of any Sum or Sums of Adoney for Debt or Damages to be recovered in the same Suitor Action wherein the Payment of such Person or Persons is or are represented or personated, as if he, she, or they had really acknowledged Money to be and entered into the same, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged, esteemed, and taken to be a deemed Felons. Felon or Felons, and fuller and incur the same Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as Persons convinced of the like Offences are liable to, by virtue of an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for taking Special Bails in the Country upon Actions and Suits depending in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at Westminster.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England;" and also an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia.

[9th May 1794.]

WHEREAS, in and by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving the rein; and to explain and ennend an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty sixth Tear of his pre-

font Majesty, intituled, u An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England,' Provision is made for the Relief of the Families of Militia Aden chosen by Lot, and of Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers serving in the Militia, in c the Cases in the said Act mentioned; but no Provision is made therein for the Families of Serjeants serving c in the said Militia Therefore be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the like Allowances shall be made to the Families of Serjeants serving in the Militia, as by the said Act is directed to be made to the Families of Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers serving the rein, such Allowance to be ordered, paid, and reimbursed by such Persons in such Manner as is direcited by the said Act, and by this Act, with respect to the Allowances made to the Families of such Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers.

the Families

33 Geo. III. Cap. 8. recited.

Like Allow* ances to be made to the Families of Serjeants, as are given by the recited Act to of CoiporaU, &c.

II. And be it further enacted fiy the Authority aforesaid, That if the Colonel or Commanding Officer of The Families of any Regiment of Militia shall discharge any Militia Man, whether Principal or Substitute, at his own Rc- Persons inrolled quest, on his producing another Adan to lerve in his Stead, and such Militia Man shall produce such Person, ^fdar'ed who shall be (worn and inrolled accordingly, the Wife and Family of such Person so produced, inrolled, theirownRe-and (worn shall be entitled to the same Relief as the Wives and Families of every other Substitute is by the quest cnihled to said Act, and this Act, entitled to Relief.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor shall, on Demand Penalty on Pa-made, in pursuance of any Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, for the Payment of any Sum of offi.-er* not Money, by virtue of the said Act of the aft Session of Parliament, or of this Act, and after the producing

of the said Order to him, refuse or neglect to pay and satisfy the Sum or Sums of Money directed to be paid ord's "of ° in or by such Order, every such Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, so refusing or neglecting to make &c.

such Payment, shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party accused, before the Justice making such Order, or any other Justice cof the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed; which said Justice is hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, to summonlhc Party accused, and to examine into the Alatter of Fast, and upon due Proof thereof as aforesaid, to give Judgment for such Penalty, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's G.oods and Chattels, in case the same shall not be forthwith paid,^ by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, causing the Overplus, if any, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to be rendered to the Party; and the Penalty so adjudged shall be paid, one Aloiety thereof to the Party aggrieved, and the other Aloiety to the Poor of the Parish.

34 Geo. III. ~ 3 Z IV. And

536

Perform aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Scfiiona.

Quarter $eflion6 may order Re-compMK'f fur Trouble of County Trea-iurrrs, &c.

34 Geo. III.

Cap. 16. recited, and Volunteers may be beat up Tor, to serve in any Coniptny xaised under it.

Volunteers to take the follow-inc

Oath.

Who may aj. itFunilUf it.

C. 47 - 49. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by any such Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, for the Payment of any such Sum of Money as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Person to appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General or Quarter Seffiops of the Peace for the same County, Riding, Division, City, or Place when any Demand, in pursuance of such Order, shall be made as aforesaid, who are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the same, and it shall be lawful for the said Justices at such Sessions to award and order, where they shall see Occasion, the Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money which such Appellant, as Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, ought to have paid in pursuance of such Order, made by virtue of the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, or this Act, and hath neglected to pay in Manner aforesaid.

V. And whereas the Treasurers of the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Towns, Divisions, and Places in England necessarily incur and have extraordinary Trouble, Labour, and Expence in transacting and ne gotiating the Btifiness and Duty of their respective Offices whilst the Militia is embodied and in actual Ser- vice; and, as the Law now (lands, no adequate Recompence or Satisfaction in many cases,* is or can be made or given to them for the same Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for every County in England^ Riding, City, Town, Division, and Place, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for each respective County, Riding, City, Town, Division, and Place, to order and di'rest such Recompence and Satisfaction as they shall think just and reasonable to be made or given to such Treasurers for their extraordinary Trouble, Labour, and Expences aforesaid, for such Time and in such Manner as they shall think proper, to be paid or allowed out of the publick Stock or Treasure of every such County, Riding, Town, Division, and Place respectively.

VI. And whereas by an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia, certain Powers are given for augmenting the Number of the Militia Forces, to continue for a limited Time P be it further enacted, That, during the Continuance of the said Act, it shall and maybe lawful for any Serjeant, Drummer, or other Person serving his Majesty, being thereunto authorized by his or their superior Officer or Officers, to beat up in any City, Town, or Place for Volunteers, to serve as Privates in any Company to be added to the Regiment or Battalion of Militia of any County or Riding in pursuance of the said Act, without incurring or being liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture for so doing; any Thing in an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Volunteer who shall be inrolled and added as a Private to the Establishment of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia of any County or Riding, in pursuance of the said Act of this Session of Parliament, shall take the following Oath:

I A.B. do sincerely swear, That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance, to his Majesty King George; and I do swear that I am a Protestant, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, during the Continuance of the present War with France, or for any lesser Time, until his Majesty shall order and direct my Discharge."

Which Oath shall and may be administered by the Persons respectively authorized and directed to administer the Oaths appointed to be taken by Persons chosen by Ballot to serve in such Militia, or by any Justice of the Peace for the County or Riding where such Volunteer shall have been inlisted.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

[9th May 1794.]

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[9th May 1794.]

2,697,000l. may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund; which may be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills on the Credit of the said Fund. Money lent on Security of this Act not to be rated to any Tax. Tallies of Loan to be (truck, &c. Orders for Repayment to be registered and paid in Course. No Fee to be taken for registering, &c. on Penalty of Treble Damages and Costs. Not to be deemed undue Pre- ference which Orders of the same Date brought the same Day are entered first, so they are all entered; nor if subsequent Orders are paid before prior ones not brought for Payment, if Money be reserved todif- charge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the Sum hereby granted to be raised by Exchequer Bills, in the Manner prescribed by the Malt Act of the present Session; the Provisions of which Act (except such as charge the Bills on the Malt Duties, and limit the Rate of Interest) to extend to this. Bills and Interest, &c. to be discharged out of the Consolidated Fund. Bank may advance Money on

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 49, 50. 537

the Credit of this Act. 231,841 /. 16s. xod. Surplus of the Consolidated; Fund, on April 5, 1794; 44 Monies raised by the Land Tax; Malt Act; Loans, 2,000,000; further Loans, 1,500,000l.; Annui-«4 ties; Lottery; 231,841l. i6r. 10d. Surplus of the Consolidated Fund on April 5, 1794; 2,697,000l. 44 hereby granted out of the Consolidated Fund, shall be applied (with the Residue of the bale of French Prizes) to the Uses hereafter expressed; 5,525,331l. iir. ^d. for Naval Services 1794; 701,736l. 44 3 s. 8^. for Land Service of the Ordnance for 1794; 576l. 19 s. 5 d. for Land Service of the Ordnance prior to December 31, 1783; 925l. 4*. 3^/. for Land Service in the Ordnance in 1792; 611,419l. 44 11 s. 8d. for ditto in 1793; 30,350l. 3 s. 6d. for Sea Service of ditto in 1793; 200,000l. to the King of Sardinia; 6,436,560l. gd. 2 q. for Land Service in 1794, viz. 1,492,812l. 12s. 2d. for 60,244 ef- festive Men, Officers, &c. in Great Britain, &c.; 677,682l. 125. 4^/. for Forces in the Plantations, 44 Gibraltar, and Wales \ 50,279l. 13;. 4^/. for Difference between British and Irish Establish-

men ts of Regiments in the West Indies, Gibraltar, and the Fleet; 8,323l. 171. xod* 2 y. for Regiments in the Indies-, 219,500l. for Recruiting, Contingencies, &V.; 210,000l. for Levy Money, isfe. 44 for Augmentation to the Land Forces; 97,389 /. is. id. for General, Staff, and Hospital Officers; 44 39,118l. i6r. yd. for Supernumerary Officers; 64,790l. iSs.^d. to the Paymaster General, Secre- tary at War, &c.; 146,843l. 10s. io d. for Reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines; 156l. 44 9 s. 2 d. for Reduced Privates, idc. of the Horse Guards; 3,030l. for Officers late in the Service of the States General; 55,092 /. 1 or for Reduced Officers of the British-American Forces; and 4,907l. 10 s. 44 for Allowances to them; 9,931l. 19^ 3 d. for Widows' Pensions; 151,742l. 5 r. rod. for Chelsea 44 FJospital; 687,420l. 145. for Militia and Fencibles; and 160,000l. for their Contingencies, &c.; 93,653l. 44 3 r. 9</. for Clothing the Militia; 185,667l. i5r. 6d. for Corps transferred, and Augmentations in 44 1793; 538,874l. for 18,000 Hanoverians-, 304,309 /. to the Landgrave of Hesse Cajfeh, 102,073 /. to the Lzndgvzvz of HeJJe Darmfladt, 24,067l. to the Margrave of Baden; 300,117l. i6r. 6^/. for FencibleCa- valry; 808,805l. 14;. 4d. for extraordinary Expences of Land Forces for 1793; 2,000,000l. for paying off Exchequer Bills, 33 Geo. III. Cap. 17.; 2,000,000l. for paying off further Exchequer Bills, 33 Geo. 44 III. Cap. 18.; 1,500,000l. for paying off ditto made out under 33 Geo. III. Cap. 32.; 46,619l. 44 13 s. yd. issued in pursuance of Addresses; 6,450l. for the Civil Establishment of Upper Canada; 44 5,315 /. for Nova Scotia; 4,400 /. for Brurjwick; 1,900l. for the Island of Saint John in America; 44 1,800l. for Cape Breton; 1,344l. n. 6d. for Newfoundland; 4,250l. for the Bahama Islands; 580l. 44 to the Chief Justice of Bermuda; 600l. to the Chief Justice of Dominica; 4,795l. for

iSW£ Wales', 13,000l. for Forts in Africa', 4,500l. for Roads and Bridges in the Highlands; 465l. 44 r 1 r. 10^/. 2y. issued to Marquis of Salisbury for rendering the House of Peers more commodious; 27,692 /, 44 4j. 6//. 2y. on account of French Refugees; 3,376l. 8 s. for Works at the Fleet Prison; 9,255l. 6s. 9 d. 44 for Works at Some ft Place, &V.; 1,814l. *5* 4* issued on account of the Commissioners for auditing Publick Accounts; 2,111 /. 1 s. issued for Discharge of Debts contracted by Mr. Fully', 1,084l. 15 s. issued to Messrs. Marsh and Spranger; 669l. 9*. 11 d. issued to Mr. Nugent; 1,504l. 10 s. 6d. issued to the Bishop of Quebec, &c.; 537l. 12 s. 6d. on account of the Commissioners for enquiring into the Laws o $Jersey\ 44 248l. 18 s. on account of Samuel Starbuck; 19,500l. {ox American Sufferers; 14,585l. 10s. 6d. issued for his Majesty's Service abroad; 2,043 h issued to the Commissioners of the Land Revenues; 211,295l. 44 6 s. 8 d. 2 q. for Part of Orders made out pursuant to 28 Geo. III. Cap. 40; and 56,796l. 7 s. 6d. for ditto made out pursuant to $0 Geo. III. Cap. 34; 10,749l. 3 s. 8^/. for Expences of Trial of Hajlings Esq.; 19,820l. 8r. io^/. for Provisions sent to New South Wales,^Ac.; 11,393l. 8*/. issued to

D. Campbell Esq. for Convicts on the Thames', 13,576l. 17 s. 8 d. 2 7. to James Bradley Esq. for Con-i4 vi£Ps in Langfone and Portsmouth Harbours; 18,844 /. 12 j. 4^. for Expences of the Mint; 200,000/* 44 towards the Reduction of the National Debt; 5,000l. to the Levant Company; 15*277l. gs, yd. 3 y. 44 issued to sundry Persons from the Civil List; 3,000l. for the Board of Agriculture; 475,022l. 13 s. 44 10d. 2 q. for Deficiency of Grants in 1793. By 33 Geo. III. Cap. 72. 156,797l. 18 s. 4a. was appropriated to be paid to Reduced Officers for 1793- The Overplus of which Sum may be disposed of to Officers maimed, CsV. as his Majesty shall direct."

CAP. L.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as directs that no Cambric or Lawn shall be imported from Ireland, until the Importation of Cambrics and French Lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by Law; to allow the Importation of Cambrics and French Lawns, from the Aufirian Netherlands, for a limited Time for making more effectual an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Fveign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for preventing the fraudulent relanding of Tobacco shipped for Exportation.

[9th May 1794.]

WHEREAS by a certain Clause contained in an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and enforce the Acts of the eighteenth, twenty-first, and thirty second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation and wearing of Cambrics and French Lawns, it was enacted, that

7 Geo. III. Cap. 43. CUnfc 5. reci'.e

538 C. 50. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

no Cambric or Lawn whatsoever should be imported from the Kingdom of Ireland into any Part of Great Britain, until the Importation of Cambrics and French Lawns into the Kingdom of Ireland should be prohibited by Law, upon Pain of forfeiting the said Goods, and the further penal Sum of five Pounds, for every Piece of Cambric or Lawn so imported: And whereas it is expedient that the said Clause in the said recited Atft should be repealed :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Clause in the said recited Act shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

and repealed.

*7 Geo. III. Cap. 13, recited,

and Cambrics and French Lawns nny be imported from the Austrian Netherlands, on Fayment of the Duties in Table (C), annexed to that Act, «Cc,}

but if not imported ir.British-built Ships, See, to be forfeited.

Cambric* im-p.»rted for Exportation, and warehoused, or which shall be heieaher imported, may be received into the

Custody of the

Importer, under certain Regula-ti ns.

Continuance of (o much of Act as relates to Cambrics.

24 Geo. III. St!f. a. Cap. 474

II. And whereas it is expedient to allow the Importation into Great Britain of Cambrics and Fremh Lawns horn the Austrian Netherlands, under the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as the Im-

portation of Cambrics and French Lawns was allowed by virtue of an Act passed in the twenty-fever.th 4 Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the everal Duties of Cu/hms'and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties compofng the Publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Aler- chandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom;

and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into any Port of Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Austrian Netherlands, any Cambrics or French Lawns, on Payment of such and the like Duties as were due and payable on the like Goods, as the same are respectively described and set forth in the T able marked (C), annexed to the said recited Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign; and the Exporters of any Cambrics or French Lawns, on which the Duties charged by this Act shall have been paid, shall be entitled, on the due Exportation thereof, to such Drawbacks as are described and set forth to be allowed on the like Goods in the said Table marked (C), annexed to the said recited Act: Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to permit or allow, during the Time limited by this Act, the Importation of any Cambrics or French Lawns, other than in British-built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, being of the Burthen of sixty Tons or upwards, and other than in Bales, cases, or Boxes covered with Sack Cloth or Canvas, each of which Bales, cases, or Boxes shall contain one hundred whole Pieces, or two hundred Demi or Half Pieces, of Cambrics or French Lawns; and in case any Cambrics or French Lawns shall be imported in any other Way, Form, or Manner, or in any less Quantity, the same shall and are hereby declared to be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Importers or Proprietors of any Cambrics or French Lawns, which shall have been imported into Great Britain for Exportation, and lodged according to Law in a Warehouse belonging to his Majesty, or which shall, after the passing of this Act, be lawfully so imported, (lull, after the passing of this Act, be at Liberty to take and receive the same into their own Custody and Possession; such Importers or Proprietors first making a regular Entry of all such Cambrics or French Lawns with the proper Officer of the Customs, and paying such Duty for the same as Cambrics and French Lawns are by this Act made subject and liable to; and the said Duties of Customs hereby imposeJ, and the Drawbacks thereof hereby allowed, shall and may be respectively managed, ascertained, levied, collected, answered, paid, applied, recovered, and allowed, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, in such and the like Manner, and in and by any of the Ways, Means, or Methods by which the Duties of Customs, and the Drawbacks thereof, imposed and allowed on the like Goods by the before-recited Act, of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paiJ, applied, recovered, and allowed; and the said Goods shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, and Forfeitures to which the like Goods were (ubjed and liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, (unless where expressly altered by this Act,) shall and are hereby dir$ded and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs hereby charged and allowed, (as far as the same are applicable thereto,) in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of this Act as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Cambrics and French Lawns from the Austrian Netherlands shall continue and be in force until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V. And whereas, by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, that, from and after the first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty- four, if any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Navy, or in the Service of the Customs or Excise, being

8

on Persons ob-rtru&ine Officers of the Navy* Cutt< ms, or F.x-cifd, in the Exercise of their Duty, liable to Punishment*

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 50. 5J9

on Shore, or going on board, or being on board, or returning from on board, any Ship, Boat, or Vessel,

within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues from the Coasts thereof, shall be hindered, opposed, obstructed, or assaulted in the due Execution of his or their Office or Duty, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, either in the Day Time or Night, all and every Person or Persons so hindering, opposing, obstructing, or act'aulting the said Officer or Officers in the due Execution of his or their Duty, and all such as shall act in his or their Aid or Assistance, shall and may be carried*and conveyed be- fore one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace redding near to the Place where such Offence shall be committed, to be dealt with in the Manner directed by the said Act: And whereas Doubts have arisen upon the true Meaning of certain Parts of the said recited Clause Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Navy, or in the Service of the Customs or Excise, being on Shore, or going on board, or being on board, or returning from on board any Ship,

Boat, or Vessel, within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues from the Coasts thereof, or within the Distance herein after particularly specified, shall be hindered, opposed, obstructed, or assaulted in the due Execution of his or their Office or Duty, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, either in the Day Time or Night; or if any Person or Persons, adfing in the Aid or Assistance of such Officer or Officers, shall be so hindered, opposed, obstructed, or assaulted, aH and every Person or Persons so hindering, opposing, obstructing, or assaulting the said Officer or Officers in the due Execution of his or their Duty, or so hindering, opposing, obstructing, or assaulting any other Person or Persons adiing in the Aid or Assistance of such Officer or Officers, and also all and every Person and Persons aiding and assisting any such Person or Persons in the Commission of any such Offence, shall and may be carried and conveyed before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Offence shall be committed; and such Justice or Justices shall, if he or they fee Cause, commit such Person or Persons to the next County Gaol, there to remain until the Court of Oyer and Terminer, Great Session, or Gaol Delivery, or until such Person shall be delivered by due Course of Law; and, in case an Indictment shall be found a gain ft him or themvhe or they shall plead thereto, without having Time to traverse the same, as is usual in Cases of Misdemeanors; and, being duly convicted thereof, shall, by Order of the said Court, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, be sentenced to hard Labour on the River "Thames, or other navigable River in that Part of Great Britain called England, for any Term not exceeding three Years, according to the Directions of an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other PunishmcrA of certain Offenders, and as is by the said Act directed for the Punishment of Persons convicted of Grand Larceny; or such Court may order such Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Term not exceeding three Years.

VI. And whereas, by the said Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, it is also enacted, that all Vessels, belonging in the Whole or in Part to any of his Majesty's Subjects, called Cutters, Luggers, Shallops, or Wherries,

(of what Built soever,) and all Vessels belonging as aforesaid, of any other Description, whose Bottoms are Clench Work, unless they shall be square rigged, or fitted as Sloops, with standing Bowsprits;

and all Vessels belonging as aforesaid, the Length ofvvnich shall be greater than in the Proportion of three Feet and an Half to one Foot in Breadth; and all Ships or Vessels belonging as aforesaid, armed for Re- fiftance, (otherwise than is thereinafter excepted,) which shall be found within the Limits or Distance therein described, shall be forfeited, together with all the Goods (if any) which shall be laden thereon, and all their Guns, Tackle, ‘and Furniture: And it was by the said Act provided that nothing therein contained should extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Ship or Vessel from having on board two*

‘ Carriage Guns of the Calibre not exceeding four Pounds, and Small Arms not exceeding two Mufkcts for every ten Men:' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said recited Proviso as extends to permit any Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Smack, Yawl, or Boat, herein after mentioned, to have Arms on board, shall, from and after the ftril Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the First Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, every Cutrer, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Smack, or Yawl, belonging in the Whole or in Part to any of his Majesty's Subjects, of which the Bottom is Clench Work, unless such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Smack, or Yawl shall be square rigged, or fitted with a standing Bowlprit, the Heel of which shall be fixed to the Main Deck by an Iron Clalp, such Clasp to be without Bitts, securely bolted through the Bowsprit and Beam of the said Deck, and the said Bowsprit to be (Laved or elevated at least two Inches in every Foot from the ftiaight Line of the Range of the Deck, and rigged with a fixed Stay for the Jibb to work upon, which Stay shall be not less than a Two-inch Rope for a Velfd of twenty Tons, and shall increase in Size not less than Half an Inch for every other ten Tons, and the said Bowsprit to be without any Traveller, or other Materials, to conduct the Jibb out and in upon the Lid Bowsprit, and without any flying Jibb set thereon, in any Manner whatever, which shall be found or discovered to have been within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within the Distance of four Leagues from the Coast thereof, or within the Distance herein after particularly specified, shall be forfeited, together with all the Goods laden thereon, and all her Guns, Tackle, and Furniture.

VIII. And whereas, by the Laws now in force, Vessels found at Anchor, or hovering, within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof, or which shall be discoveted to have been within the said Limits or Distance, are, under certain Circutnstances, subject to-

C'airfe r, of 24 Geo. III. Cap. 47. as fjr as extends to Cutter?, &?.repealed from July I, 1794. From July I,

I - 94, certain Vessels to lie fiY-feite'lj it found within certain Pittances,

540 C. 50. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

Fr m July 1, 1794, VtiTcIs bav-ng on boaoi L quors. Sec. in illegal

ties, &c. an-i found hoveling vrih'n certain Limit', to be fi>J feited;

is a HI) open

ot ccitain Description j

*nd Cutters, &c. to which they ihill belong.

Act not to extend to Whale Boats,

From July J» 1794, Lutters, &c. round within certain Limits, having on board Arms or Ammunition without Licence, to be forfeited.

Exception.

Forfeiture: And whereas it is expedient, for the better Prevention of the clandestine Importation and

Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to Duties, to extend the Provisions of such Laws in the Manner herein after expressed :* Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the hi If Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, if any Ship or Vessel, having on board any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, in any Vessel or Cask which shall not contain sixty Gallons at the least, (except only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel, not exceeding two Gallons for each Seaman,) or having on board any Wine in Casks, (provided such Ship or Vessel having Wine on board shall not exceed sixty Tons Burthen.) or having on board six Pounds Weight of Tea, or twenty Pounds Weight of Coffee, or having on board any Tobacco or Snuff, which, taken together or separately, shall exceed one hundred Pounds Weight, or having on board any Goods whatsoever liable to Forfeiture by any Act of Parliament upon being imported into Great Britain, shall be found at Anchor, or hovering, or shall be dfcovered to have been within the Limits or Distance herein after particularly mentioned, described, and set forth; (that is to say,) within asupposed straight Line from IT'alncy Island in the County of Lancaster, to Great Ormfhcad in the County of Denbigh; within a supposed straight Line from Bura/ey Island in the County of Carnarvon, to Strumbk Head in the County of Pembroke \ within a supposed straight Line from The Lizard in the County of Cornwall, to The Prall in the County of Devon; within a supposed straight Line from The Prall in the County of Devon, to The Bill of Portland in the County of Do?jet> within a supposed straight Line from Cromer in the County of Norfolk, to The Spurn Head in the County of York; within a supposed straight Line from F/amborough Head in the County of York, to The Staples in the County of Northumberland*, within a supposed straight Line from The Mull of Galloway in Scotland, to the Point of /lyre in The Isle of Man \ such Ship or Vessel not proceeding on her Voyage, (Wind and Weather permitting,) unless in case of unavoidable Necessity and Distress of Weather (of which Necessity and Distress the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall give Notice and make Proof before the Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, of any Port within the Limits of which such Ship or Vessel shall be found, immediately after the Ariival of such Ship or Vessel within the Limits of such Port); then not only all such Goods, but also the Ship or Vessel on board which they dial) be found as aforesaid, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day oGJuly one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, in case any open Boat which shall be built for rowing or failing, or for rowing and failing, belonging in the Whole or in Part to any of his Majesty's Subjects, and being of the Length of fourteen Feet, and under the Length of eighteen Feet, to be measured by a straight Line from the fore Part of the Stem to the act Side of the Transum or Stern Poll Aloft, and the Depth of which shall be greater than in the Proportion of one Inch and one Quarter of an Inch to every Foot in Length, such Depth to be taken from the upper Part of the Plank next the Keel, to the Top of the upper Strake, whether such upper Strake shall be fixed to the Boat, or shall be used as a loose or shifting Wash Strake, shall be found either upon the Water within any Port of the Kingdom of Great Britain, or Member or Creek thereof, or within four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain, or within the Distance herein particularly described, or in any Place upon Land in Great Britain, such open Boat shall be forfeited, and shall and may be icized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, unless such Boat shall have Plank of three Quarters of an Inch thick, and her Timbers one Inch apd an Half square, and not more than nine Inches distant from Timber to Timber; and if any such Boat by this Act declared to be forfeited shall be found on board, or shall belong to any Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Smack, or Yawl* such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Smack, or Yawl shall also be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this A of contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject to Forfeiture any Boat commonly called A Whale Boat, belonging to any Ship or Vessel, employed in the Fisheries carried on to the Greenland Seas or Davis's Streights, or in any Fishery to the Southward thereof, which shall not be employed or made use of in any Way whatever but in the Lid Fisheries, and which, after the Return of the said Ship or Vessel to any Port of this Kingdom, shall be laid up out of Use, according to the Laws now in force for the Regulation of the said Fisheries.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, if any Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Smack, Yawl, or Boat, belonging in the Whole or in Part to any of his Majesty's Subjects, shall be found or discovered to have been within the Limits of any of the Poits of this Kingdom, or within the Distance of four Leagues from the Coast thereof, or within the Distance herein particularly described, having on board any Arms or Ammunition whatever, except by Licence from the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, as herein after mentioned, every such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Smack, Yaw), or Boat shall be forfeited, together with all the Goods (if any) which shall be laden thereon, and all her Guns, Tackle, and Furniture, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise: Provided always, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to 2ny Ship or Vessel on a Voyage from any Part of America, or the East or fVcft Indies, or Africa, or the Mediterranean, so as to subject the same to Forfeiture for having Spirits, Tea, Coffee, or Tobacco, or Snuff onboard; nor to forfeit any Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Smack, Yawl, or Boat belonging to or employed in the Service of his Majesty's Navy, Victualling-Office, Ordnance, Customs, Excise, or Post Office; nor to any such Vessel as aforesaid, or-Lighter which shall be used solely on any Rivers, Canals,

or

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 5c, 5r. 541

or Inland Navigations; nor to any Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Smack, Yawl, or Boat whatever, the Owner of which shall have a Licence from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time bung, or any Person authorized by them to grant the same; such Licence being obtained and entered agreeably to the said recited Aof the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty, and being actually on board such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Smack, Yawl, or Boat at the Time of her being detained or examined by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and produced to him or them, on Demand, during such Detention or Examination; nor to subject to Forfeiture any Ship or Vessel for having Arms or Ammunition on board, which shall have been regularly entered and cleared at any Custom House in any of his Majesty's Dominions, as Merchandize, or for the Use of his Majesty's Stores or Garrisons, and which shall be regularly (lowed in the Hold of such Ship or Vessel; nor to forfeit any Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Smack, Yawl, or Boat which shall bona fide be wholly and foleiy employed in the Cod, Herring, Mackerel, or other Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, and shall have on board a sufficient Quantity of Hooks and Lines, or Nets, for properly carrying on the said Fisheries respectively, and shall clear out at some Port in Great Britain for such Fisheries respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry,

Smack, Yawl, Boat, or Goods forfeited and seized by virtue or under the Authority of this Act, shall and may be prosecuted, and the Forfeitures thereupon recovered and applied in like Manner as any other Vessels are or may be prosecuted, and the Forfeitures thereupon recovered and applied, by virtue of the said recited Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty.

XIII. And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, c intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snujfi and for granting new Duties in lien thereof

it is amongst other Things enacted, That no Tobacco, either manufactured or unmanufactured, after the same shall have been shipped for Exportation in or on board any Ship or Vessel, in pursuance and according to the Directions of the said Act, shall be unshipped for any Purpose whatever, or shall be re- landed in this Kingdom, (unless in case of Necessity or Distress, to save the Ship and Goods from perish- ing,) under certain Forfeitures in the said Act mentioned; which Provision hath been found insufficient 1 to prevent the fraudulent relanding of such Tobacco:' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, all and every Person or Persons who shall unship or reland, or cause or procure to be unshipped or relanded, any such Tobacco, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act, or who shall be assisting or otherwise concerned in such unshipping or relanding the same, or to whose Hands the same shall knowingly come after such unshipping or relanding thereof, over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures, shall forfeit Treble the Value of such Tobacco, to be estimated at the best: and highest Pi ice which Tobacco of the best Quality shall fell for in London at the Time when such Forfeiture shall be incurred; and if any Proprietor, Consignor or Consignee, of such Tobacco, or the Master, or any other Person belonging to or on board any such Ship or Vessel, in or on board which any such Tobacco shall have been so shipped for Exportation, shall assist in or connive at such unshipping or relanding any such Tobacco, every such Proprietor, Consignor, or Consignee, Master, or other Person, (over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures,) shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

Forfeitures may be recovered,&c. according to recited Act of 24 Geo. III.

2q Geo. III, Cjp. 68. recited;

and from July 14 1794, Person* unshipping, &c. Tobacco shipped, for Exportation* contrary thereto, to forfeit Treble the Value,

CAP. LI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble.

[9th May 1794.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Publick Expences, and making such permanent Addition to the Publick Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge oc cafioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Abb for that Purpose passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several Custom Duties herein mentioned;' and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven From July 5, hundred and ninety-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of his Ma- *79>»the jesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Duties of Customs herein mentioned; that is to say: On all Slate and {^nga*!tlpor Stone of the Produblion of Great Britain, (except as herein after is provided,) which shall be brought Coast- Brings late and wife by Sea, from any Port or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, to any other Port, or to any Stone brought Place within the Limits of any other Port within the said Kingdom, a Duty of twenty Pounds for every Coastwise 20l. one hundred Pounds, of the true and real Value thereof; which Duty shall be paid by the Proprietor or Per Cent* oi llic Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees, in ready Money, to the Collector of his Majesty's Customs at alu2# the Port or Place where such Goods shall be intended to be landed, and before the same, or any Part thereof, shall be unshipped.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one Present Dutl thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, the Duties of Customs now payable on Slate and Stone (being onSiatean*.

of

542

Sfor,f t>f Guprn* fev, &c. to cease, »r. \ 20 1. P‘ r C r»'. ct t'-e lu .* ro be piul its imporia' io'i

into G CA Bii-tain.

Value to Ve af-crrt jir.fd a» c o i d to a? Geo. III. L‘jp. 13.

Duties to be tinker the Management of the Commissionen of Customi.

1

Slate or Stone unshipped before Entry, Sec, to be forfeited.

Certain Good* nut chargeable with Duty, on certain Conditions*

Penalr? for applying Stone to be ufivi for Porcelain, &c. to Other Uses.

Pi: ifh Slate brought into anj Port to be exported, not chargeable with Duty, on certain Conditions,

C. 51. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

of the Production of the Islands of Guerr.fey, Jerfry, Alderney, Sark, and Man, or either of them) shall ceaf?, ceufc, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, and that instead and in lieu thereof, there shall he raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, on all Slate and Stone, of the Production of the said IHanJs of Gu'rnjy, 'Jerjy, Aldcnny, Sark, or Alan, or either of them, which Hull be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, a Duty of Customs of twenty Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof; which Duty shall be paid in ready Money to the Collector of his Majesty's Customs, at the Port where the same shall be so imported, although Inch Slate or Stone may be accompanied with a Certificate or ether Document, ascertaining that such Goods me of the Production of Giutb-/V, Alderney, Sark, or Alan respectively; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwith-

ilanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Value of Slate or Stone, according to which the Duties by this Act imposed are to be raised, levied, collected, and paid, shall be alcertair.cd, according to the true and real Value and Price thereof, on Shipboard, at the Port and Place where the lame shall be brought for the Purpose of being landed, by the Declaration of the Importer, Proprietor, or Con-iignoe, in such Manner and Form, and under all or any or either of such Rules, Regulations, and Relirie-tiuns (so fur as the lame are applicable and can be put in Execution) as are directed to be observed in Cases of Goods subject to Duty according to the Value thereof, by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the everal Duties of Gt/kuu awl Excise, and grant in* other Duties in lieu the reef, and for applying the said Duties, together with the oihr Duties com prying the Putdick Revenue; for f ermiiti ng the Importation of certain Gr: ds, I Pares, and Mr cl: C'\-dize the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions cf' the French King into this Kingdom; a;.j for applying certain unclaimed Atonies remaining in the Exchequer, far the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Red.utdion of the National Dent\ and all the Powers and Authorities contained in the said* Ad, so tar as they relate to Goods subject to Duty according to the Value thereof, shall be extended and applied to the Goods, for or in respect whereof a Duty is imposed by this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if the same were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority 2forefai(>, That the said Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and the same shall be raised, levied, colieded, paid, and recovered in such and the like Manner, and by such and the like Ways, Means, Methods, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures (sofar as the same are applicable and can be put in Execution) as any Duties of Customs on Goods imported, or on Goods brought Coastwise, may now by Law be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Provisions, rowers, and Authorities relating thereto were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slate or Stone, on which Duties are respectively imposed by this Act, shall be unshipped out of any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be brought into any Port of Great Britain, before a regular Entry shall be made thereof, and the Duties hereby imposed shall be paid according to the Directions or this Act, or if the said Goods shall be landed without the Presence of the Proper Orfcer of the Customs, the same shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and one Moiety thereof, after Condemnation of the same, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to the Officer or Officers who shall sue or prosecute for the same.

VI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duties imposed by tills Ad the following Goods being of the Production of Great Britain; videlicet, Any Marble, Lime Stone, or Iron Stone whatever, or any Stone cut or manuladurcd into Mill Stones. Grind Stones, or Whet Stones, or either of them, or any Stone manufactured or converted into Ports and Caps for Corn Stacks or Mowsteads, Troughs, Gate Polls, or other Articles uled for the Purports of Husbandry, or any Growan Stone, or Stone commonly called or known by the Name of China Stone, or any other Stone to be used in the Manufacture of Porcelain or of Pottery, provided the same shall be accompanied with the usual Coast Dispatches, as in case of Goods carried Coastwise free'of Duty, and that the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees thereof, shall, previous to the same being -un-shipped, or landed from on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been brought Coastwise, make, wfth the proper Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place where the same shall be brought Coastwise, a regular Entry of such Goods, and shall make Oath thereon before the said Officer, who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same, that inch Goods are intended for the Purposes above-mentioned and no other; and if such China Stone, or any other Stone, to be used in the Manufacture of Porcelain or of Pottery, shall afterwards be applied to other Uses or Purposes, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and the Owner or Proprietor thereof shall forfeit for every Ton Weight thereof the Sum of twenty Shillings, one Moiety of which shall be to the Use of the Person who shall give Information thereof, and the other Moiety to the Officer who shall sue for the same: Provided also, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duties imposed by this Act, any Slate of the Production of Great Britain,-which shall be brought into any Port of this Kingdom for the sole Purpose of being exported from such Port to Parts beyond the Seas*; provided the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees thereof, shall, previous to the same being unshipped or landed from on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been brought Coastwise,

make,

543

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 51 - 53.

make, with the proper Officer of the Customs, at the Port or Place where the same shall be brought Coast-wife, a regular Entry of such Goods, and shall make Oath thereon before the' Paid Officer, who is hereby -authorized and required to administer the lame, that such Slate is really and bona fide intended to be so exported to Parts beyond the Seas; and if such Slate shall afterwards be used in this Kingdom, the Owner o'r Proprietor thereof, not having first paid the Duty for the same as imposed by this Act on Slate brought Coastwise, such Slate shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and the Owner or Proprietor thereof shall forfeit, for every Ton Weight thereof, the Sum of twenty Shillings, one Moiety of which shall be to the Use of the Person who shall give Information thereof, and the other Moiety to the Officer who shall sue for the same; or any Slate, the Value of which (as it is on Shipboard at the Port or Place where the same shall be intended to be landed) shall not exceed the Sum of twenty Shillings the Ton; or any Stone, the Value of which as aforesaid shall not exceed the Sum of six Shillings the I on: Provided nevertheless, That the same shall be accompanied with the usual Coast Dispatches, as in case of Goods carried Coastwise free of Duty, and shall be regularly entered and landed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Value of the Slate or Stone so exempted horn Duty as aforesaid shall be ascertained by the Declaration of the Proprietor or Consignee in such and the like Manner, and that such Goods shall be subject to such and the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (except as to the Payment of Duty,) and the Officers of the Customs invested with such and the like Powers and Authorities as to such Goods as are directed to be observed, and p radii fed, and applied with regard to Slate and Stone on which a Duty is by this Act ini-poled.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to require the lYIafter of any Vessel, in or on board of which any Slate or Stone shall be shipped, to be carried Coastwise by Sea from any Port or Place within this Kingdom, to any other Port or Place within the same, or the Owners or Shippers of any such Slate or Stone to give any Bond for the due landing thereof, or to take out any Cocket or other Document on Account thereof, except such Sufferance, Warrant, Permit, or Tran fire as was required by Lawfor the shipping or carrying Coastwise of the like Goods at and immediately before the passing of this Act; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the several Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted,) shall, from and after the passing c Tthis Act, from Fime to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money, so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the several Rates or Duties hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

XL 4 And whereas Standing Contracts may have been made, before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, by the Importers or Proprietors of Slate or Stone, for or in respect whereof 4 a Duty is by this Act imposed, for serving Persons with such Slate and Stone, or either of those Articles respectively, to be delivered in point of Time after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ' 4 ninety four;' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the fifth Day of July one thouUnl seven hundred artG ninety-four, the Importers or Proprietors of such Slate and Stone for or in respect whereof a Duty is by this Act imposed, or either of those Articles respectively, which shall be delivered after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, in pursuance of such Contracts, shall be allowed to add the Duties hereby charged upon such Slate and Stone, or either of those Articles respectively, and dull be entitled by virtue of this Act to be paid the lame accordingly.

1

Penalty for using such Slate in Great Biieain without paying Duty. &c.

Value of Slate or Stone exempted from Duty to be ascertained as that liable to Duty,

Act not to re-quiie Matters of Vessels carrying Slate or Stone Coastwise* or Shippers, to give BonJ, or take out other Document than what was required before passing it* Duties to be paid into the Exchequer and carried to the Consolidated Fund,

and to be deem-, ed an Addition to the Reveoue r for defraying the increased^hargfc of any Loan of this Scttion, dec*

Duties may be added to Prices of Slate and Stone contracted for prior to and not delivered till after July *794*

CAP. LII.

An Act for paving, and otherwise improving, the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon.

[4th April 1794.]

CAP. LIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Canal of Sir John Ramsden Baronet, at or near the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton under Line and Oldham, at or near the Town of Ashton under Line aforesaid, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[4th April 1794.]

544

Person» imptison.'.d for High Treason, &c. may be detained till Feb, i,

«79S> &c>

Aftrln Scotland of 1701, ftr preventing v*mng« us Im-^ri/^nmen:, so far as may relate to Treason, &c. suspended till Feb. I, 1795, d<C,

Privileges of Parliament not invalidated by this Act.

I Oo. PI. Cap. 1,

*9 Ill, t«£.

C. 54, 55. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

[23d May 1794.]

WHEREAS a traitorous and detestable Conspiracy has been formed for Subverting the existing Laws and Constitution, and for introducing the System of Anarchy and Confusion which has so fatally

prevailed in France * Therefore, for the better Preservation of his Majesty's sacred Person, and for securing the Peace and the Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person or Persons that are or shall be in Prison within the Kingdom of Great Britain at or upon the Day on which this Act shall receive his Majesty's Royal Assent, or after, by Warrant of his said Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, signed by fix of the said Privy Council, for High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason, ortrea-sonable Practices, or by Warrant, signed by any of his Majesty's Secretaries of State, for such causes as aforesaid, may be detained in safe Custody, without Bail or Mainprize, until the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and that no Judge or Justice of the Peace shall bail or try any such Person or Persons so committed, without Order from his said Majesty's Privy Council, signed by fix of the said Privy Council, till the said first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Act made in Scotland in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and one, (intituled, An Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in TrialsJ in so far as the same may be construed to relate to Cases of Treason and Suspicion of Treason, be suspended until the said first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and that until the said Day no Judge, Justice of Peace, or other Officer of the Law in Scotland, shall liberate, try, or admit to bail any Person or Persons that is, are, or shall be in Prison within Scotland, for such causes as aforesaid, without Order from his said Majesty's Privy Council, signed by fix of the said Privy Council: Provided always, That, from and after the said first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, the said Persons so committed shall have the Benefit and Advantage of all Laws and Statutes any Way relating to or providing for the Liberty of the Subjects of this Realm, and that this present Act shall continue until the said first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and no longer.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to invalidate the ancient Rights and Privileges of Parliament, or to the Imprisonment or Detaining of any Adember of either House of Parliament during the Sitting of such Parliament, until the Matter of which he stands suspected be first communicated to the House of which he is a Member, and the Consent of the said House obtained for his Commitment or Detaining.

CAP. LV.

An Act for saving to his Majesty the Duty of new Subsidy on Tobacco imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[23d May 1794.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made and passed in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act for the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain,) the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown, and other Revenues granted to his late Majesty King George the Second, for defraying the Exnences of his Majesty's Civil Government, were made Part of the Aggregate Fund, and a certain Revenue granted out of the said Fund to his Majesty during his Life; but by the said Act it is provided and enacted, that the several and rcipeftive Duties and Revenues which were payable to his late Majesty King George the Second, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland* for and during his Life, shall be continued, raised, levied, and paid, during the Life of his present Majesty, in the same Manner only, and subject to the same or the like Charges thereon, as the same were liable or fub- jest to during his said late Majesty's Life: And whereas by another Act, made and passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff and for granting new Duties in lieu theteof) it was enacted, that, from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, the Duties upon Tobacco imported into Great Britain, imposed by the Act therein recited, and the Drawbacks thereby allowed upon Exportation thereof from Great Britain, together with the Duties by the said recited Act imposed upon Snuff so impoited, should cease and determine; and that, from and after the said Day, in lieu and in rtead of the said Duties and Drawbacks thereby repealed, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, the several Duties of Customs and Excise in the said Act specially enumerated and put down; and it is thereby enacted, that all the Monies arising by the Duties by the said Act imposed (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his A'laj city's Exchequer at Westminster, and the said 'Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made Part of the

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 55 - 58. 545

'Fund called The Consolidated Fund: And whereas the Duties and Revenues which were payable to his late Majesty King George the Second, in that Part of Great Britain caWed Scotland, and arising from the Im- portation of Tobacco and Snuff, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff Work, as well as'all other Goods and Merchandize, ought to be saved, reserved, and declared to belong to, and be it the Dif- posal of his present Majesty during his Life:' Therefore, and for removing all Doubts in respect thereof, lie it enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Duties and Revenues which were payable to his late Majesty King George the Second, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and arising from the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff', Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff Work, as well as all other Goods and Merchandize, shall be continued, raised, levied, and paid, during the Life of his present Majesty, in the same Manner only, and subject to the same or the like Charges thereon, as the same were liable or subject to during his said late Majesty's Life; any Thing in the said Act of the twenty-ninth of his Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

Duties payable to Geo. II in Scotland, on Imposition of Tobacco, &c. to be continued duiing his M1-j Apt Life,

CAP. LVI.

An Act for extending the Time limited by an Act of this Session for delivering in Navy and Victualling Bills.

[23d May 1794.]

" 34 Geo. III. Cap. 21, recited. Navy and Victualling Bills mentioned therein maybe received at the " Navy Office, &c. till July 1, 1794."

CAP. LVII.

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

[23d May 1794.]

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned hath by Experience been found useful and beneficial,

and is near expiring* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, S Geo. n.

An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts,) which was to continue in force from the twenty- Cap. 30, con i.

fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, for the Space of three Years, and from nued riii June 1,

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts made in *79

the ninth and sixteenth Years of his said Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven; and which by several subsequent Acts made in the thirty-first Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, and the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; and which by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by four other Acts made in the sixteenth, twenty-first, twenty-sixth, and twenty-eighth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to prevent the Removal of Suits from the Inferior Courts in the County Palatine of Lancaster, into the Court of Common Pleas of the said County Palatine.

[23d May 1794.]

WHEREAS great Mischiefs have arisen from the Facility of removing causes of small Value from the Inferior Courts in the County Palatine of Lancaster, into the Court of Common Pleas of the said County Palatine for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[No Execution

That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Execution shall be flayed or delayed upon or by any Writ of false Judgment, or Supersedeas thereon, to be sued be fUyed for thereverfing of any Judgment given or to be given in any Inferior Court within the County Palatine of u,lt of Lancaster, where the Debtor Damages are under ten Pounds, unless such Person or Persons in whose Name " a^TTnfctior or Names such Writ of false Judgment shall be brought, with tv/o sufficient Sureties, such as the Court cwub ;he (wherein such Judgment is or shall be given) shall allow of, shall, first, before such Stay made, or Supersedeas

Coumy ot Lan.

546

but on certain Conditions,

nor any Aftton for Icfa than iol. be removed from any inferior Court into the Common Pita* of the said County*

5 Geo. III. Cap. 52, recited.

Power of recited Act extended to the Commi&onert of the Navy, &c.

C. 58, 59. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

to be awarded, be bound unto the Party for whom such Judgment is or shall be given, by Recognizance to be Acknowledged in the same Court, in Double the Sum adjudged to be recovered by the (kid former Judgment, to prosecute the said Writ of false Judgment with Effe<ft, and also to satisfy and pay (if the said judgment be affirmed, or the said Writ of false Judgment be not proceeded in) all and singular the Debt, Damages, and Costs adjudged, and all Cods and Damages to be awarded for the same delaying of Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Cause, where the Cause of Action shall not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds or upwards, shall be removed or removeable from any Court of Inferior Jurisdiction into the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster, by any Writ of Pone accedas ad curiam certiorari, or otherwise, unless the Defendant, who shall be desirous of removing such Cause, shall enter into the l.ke Recognizance as aforesaid, for Payment of the Debt, or Damages and Costs, in case Judgment shall pass against him; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for better examining and auditing the Publick Accounts of the Board of Ordnance, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Commissioners for Victualling the Navy, and the Commissioners of Sick and Hurt.

[2jd May 1794.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for better examining and auditing the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom, divers Powers are

given to the Commissioners thereby authorized to be appointed, and styled The Comm'fpnners for auditing the Publick Accounts, to call before them all such Persons as should have received any Sum or Sums of Money by Way of Imprest, or in any other Manner for which they should be accountaole, and tore quire such Persons to produce all Accounts, Books, Certificates, Warrants, Muniments, Receipts, or other Papers which should appear to be necessary for the Purposes of their Examination, and to examine,

upon Oath, all Accountants whom they should find Occasion to examine before them, and all other Pec- fons, as in the said Act mentioned; and Provisions are made for putting Sums of Money, issued to Sub-accountants, in charge against them, and for taking the Accounts of such Sub-accountants, and issuing Process for such Purpose; but it is provided that Process shall ir* no Case be issued against any Sub-accountant who is to account to the principal Officers of the Board of Ordnance,

or the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, the Commissioners for Vi<ftua!ling his Majesty's Navy, or the Commissioners for Sick and Hurt reflectively, for Sums which have been issued to such Sub-accountants by the Treasurer of the Ordnance or Treasurer of the Navy, without Directions being previously given for that Purpose by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, after a Reference of their Cases to the Commissioners of the Boards above-mentioned respectively, and a Report made thereupon: And it is also provided that no Process shall issue against any such Sub-accountant until twelve Months shall have elapsed from the Time of making up the Accounts of the said Treasurer annually: And it is also provided that when any Sub-accountant, or Sub-accounr-

ants, shall transmit to the Commissioners to be appointed under the Authority of the said Atft, a fufneient and satisfactory Discharge from the principal Officers of the Ordnance, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, the Commissioners for Victualling his Majesty's Navy, or the Commissioners of Sick and Hurt, for any Monies fie or they shall have received in the said Departments severally, the said Commissioners shall transmit a Duplicate of the same to his Majesty's Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, who shall forthwith strike out the Name or Names of such Sub-accountant or Sub-accountants from the lm- prest Roil, and such Sub-accountant or Sub-accountants shall from thenceforth be discharged from any other or further Account for the same: And whereas the principal Officers of the said Board of Ordnance, the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, the Commissioners for Victualling his Majesty's Navy, and the Commissioners for Sick and Hurt, are not, by the said Act, authorized to call before them such Persons as are to account to them as aforesaid, or to examine such Persons on Oath, or to compel the Production of Accounts, Papers, and Writings, or otherwise to proceed with respect to the Accounts to be taken by them respectively, in the same Manner as the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts are authorized to proceed with respect to other Accountants by the said Act, by reason whereof the Accounts to be taken by such Officers of such several Boards respectively cannot be effectually taken by them Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every such and the same Powers and Authorities whatsoever shall be vested in, and are hereby vested in the said principal Officers of the Board of Ordnance, the said principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, the said Commissioners for Victualling his Majesty's Navy, and the said Commissioners of Sick and Hurtre-spectively, or any three or more of the Members of such several Boards respectively, to call before them respectively all such Sub-accountants as are accountable before them uespectively as aforesaid, and to compel such Persons to produce all Accounts, Books, Certificates, Warrants, Muniments, Receipts, and other Papers which shall appear to be necessary for the Purposes of their Examination, and to examine upon Oath (which Oath the said principal Officers and Commissioners, or any three or more of such Officers and Couv* missioners of the said several Boards, in their respective Departments, are hereby authorized 10 administer)

' 11. all

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 59 - 61f. 547

all stich Sub-accountants as they shall find Occasion to examine before them, and all other Persons, and otherwise to a & in and about the taking of the Accounts to be taken by such Boards respectively, as by the said recited Aci are vested in the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts; and that all the Rules, Methods, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things prescribed or appointed by the said Act for examining Accountants by the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts shall be in like Manner expended and applied for the examining Sub-accountants by the said several Boards respectively, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if the said Rules, Methods, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things had been specially enacted in this Act.

CAP. LX.

An Act to continue so much of several Laws, respecting the Transportation and Imprisonment of Offenders, as relates to the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement.

[23d May 1794.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Maje, ftyrs Reign, intituled, 2% Geo. III.

An Act to continue several Laivs relating to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain ^aP*

Species tf/Tritish and Irith Linens extortedT and taking off the Duties on the importation of Foreign Raw

Linen Tarns made of Flax; and to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and for continuing

and amending several Lazus relating to the Impr-fonment and "Transportation of Offenders; whereby (among Geo. III.

other Things therein enacted) an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, in- Cap. 74.

tituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprison?nent, and other

Punishment of certain Offenders; and also so much of an Act, made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year 24 Geo. III.

of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Sess. a. Cap. 5$*

x Offenders, and to authorize the Removal of Pr if oners hi certain cases, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as extends to authorize the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, were*continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient further to continue the said Act,.

made and passed in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and alfoTo much of the said Act,

made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign as aforesaid * be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, made and passed in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and also so much i$ Geo. Iir. of the said Act, made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as extends to CaP*74- and Yo authorize the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, shall continue to be in force until TilClScfr*aGca° the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End of the then Ca ‘ next Session of Parliament. 1

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, and of *5 Geo.

4. An Act for the more fffetlual Transportation rf Felons and other Offenders, in that Part of Great Britain III. Cap. 46,

called Scotland, and to authorize the Removal of Pr if oners in certain cases, certain Provisions were made and a*rclates enacted, relative to the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, which were to con- fCn^AV\ern-~ 4 tinue and remain in force till the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and from perary Places of thence till the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient, that so much of Confinement,

the said Act should he renewed and continued *' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, continued till from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Ma- Junc x> x?99* jesty's Reign, as related to the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, shall be, and is c* hereby re-enacted, revived, and renewed, and shall continue in force until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence 10 the End of the then next Session of Parliament;.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for the better Observation of the Lord's Day, by Persons exercising the Trade of Bakers.

[23d May 1794.]

WHEREAS many Persons exercising the Trade of Bakers do, under Pretence of being employed in

Wotks of Necessity or Charity, carry on their Trade or Calling on the Lord's Day, and areem- ployed therein during a much greater Parr thereof than is requisite for such Purposes; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Mailer Baker, Journeyman Baker, or other Person carrying on the Business of a Baker in the No Baker in City of London, or within twelve Miles of the said Ciiy, shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, make, bake, London,&c, to or expose to Sale any Household or other Bread, or Rolls of any Sort or Kind, cr bake any Meat, Puddings, ^orkonSun-Pies, or darts, or in any other Manner exercise the Trade or Calling of a Baker on the Lord's Day, or herein mention-any Part thereof (save and except as herein after is mentioned); and every Mailer Baker, Journey man ed, m Penalty* Baker, or other Person exercising the Business of a Baker on the Lord's 13)ay, contrary to the true Intent of 10s, and Meaning of this Act, and being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace of the County, City,

or

5+8

Penalty may be levied by Distress. See,

Application of Penalty.

Bread may be fold, and Meat, &c. baked, on Sunday between certain Houn.

Complaints to be made within fix Day®.

Convictions to be drawn up in the following

Form,

Nothing in any Act to#irevent Samuel Artuoa from tanning Hide* and Skin*

C. 61 - 63. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

or Place where the Offence shall be committed, either upon his own View, or Confession of the Party, or Proof by one or more Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings and if any Person so convicted shall neglect or ret'use to pay the Paid Sum of ten Shillings, such Justice shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, direct the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels*, and, in Default or Inefficiency of such Distress, commit the Offender to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding fourteen, nor less than seven Days, unless the Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid; and the said Penalty or Forfeiture shall, within seven Days after Payment thereof, be transmitted by such Justice to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, to be employed and converted to the Use of the Poor of such Parish.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit the felling of Bread, or to prohibit or make liable to the Penalties of this Act any iYlafter or Journeyman Baker, or other Person, baking Meat, Puddings, or Pies, only, on the Lord's Day' between the Hours of nine of the Clock in the Forenoon and one of the Clock in the Afternoon, so as the Person requiring the baking thereof shall carry or fend the same to and from the Place where such Meat, Pudding, or Pie is baked.

III. Provided always, and be it cnadleJ, That every Complaint against any Master Baker, Journeyman Baker, or other Person for any Thing by him or them done contrary to the* Provisions of this Act, shall be made and prosecuted within six Days after the Offence committed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Justice before whom any Person shall be convicted under thifc Act, shall and may cause such Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the EffedI following:

To wit

'gE it remembered, That on this Day of A.B. is convicted

before me one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said

41 County of [or> as the Case may bef due Proof being made before me, 011

the Oath of or, upon the Cnnfession of, &c. [as the Case may bej, that

[Specifying the Offence, the Time when, and the Place where]; and I do

adjudge the said to pay and forfeit for the same the Sum of ten Shillings*

Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of 99

CAP. LXII.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of two millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

[23d May 1794.]

His Majesty may empower the Treasury to cause Loans to be received, or Exchequer Bills to be made out for 2,500,000l. any Time before January 5, 1795, agreeable to 34 Geo. III. Cap. 7. Powers of 34 44 Geo. III. Cap. 7. to extend to this Act, except as herein excepted. Loans or Exchequer Bills charge- able on the hrft Aids granted next Session; and if not granted before July 5, 1795, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund. Monies issued from the Consolidated Fund to be replaced out of the first Sup- plies. Bank may advance Money on the Credit of this Act."

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for allowing the Exercise of an Invention of a new Method of Tanning Hides and Skins.

[23d May 1794.]

WHEREAS Samuel Ashton of Sheffield, in the County of Tors Painter, having alleged that he had invented a new Method of tanning Hides and Skins, obtained his Majesty's Letters Patent, bear- ing Date the sixteenth Day of January^ in the thirty-fourth Year of his Reign, containing a Grant to him, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of the sole U(e, Benefit, and Advantage of such Inven-' 4 tion, within the Limits and for the T erm uluai in the like cases; and the said Samuel AJlrton hath, by an Instrument in Writing, under his Hand and Seal, described and ascertained the Nature of his said Inven- tion, and the Materials to be used as Ingredients in preparing the Tan Liquor made use of in his Procefe of Fanning, and the Degrees and Proportions thereof, and the Manner of using the same, and hath cauled such instrument to be inrolled in the Court of Chancery, agreeable to the Terms and Conditions of the said Letters Patent: But by reason of some Provisions or Restrictions contained in certain Acts of Parliament relating to the Manner of tanning Hides and Skins, and the Materials or Things to be used therein, Doubts have arisen touching the Validity of the said Letters Patent:' For obviating such Doubts, and in order to give to the said Samuel Ashton, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and also the Publick, the Benefit intended by the said Letteis Patent; may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore made shall be construed to hinder or prevent the said Samuel Ashton, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, during the Term of the said Letters Patent, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, after the Expiration of the said Term, from tanning of Hides and Skins in the Manner, and according to the Method, and with the

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 63, 64.

Materials or Things mentioned, described, or ascertained in the said Instrument so inrolled in the Court of Chancery as aforesaid, or from felling any Hides or Skins so tanned, or to subject the said Samuel Afoton, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, during the Term of the said Letters Patent, or any Person whomsoever, after the Expiration of the said Term, to any Penalty or Forfeiture, for or on account of tanning any Hides or Skins in the Manner, or according to the Method, or with the Materials or Things mentioned, described, or ascertained in the said Instrument, or for or on account of the Sale of any Hides dr Skins so tanned; but that the said Letters Patent shall be as good and valid, and of as full P'orce and Effe£I, in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as the same would have been; and the said Samuel Ashton, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, during the Term of the said Letters Patent, and all Persons whomsoever, after the Expiration of the said Term, shall and may have and enjoy all the Benefits and Advantages by the said Letters Patent meant and intended to be given, or arising or accruing from, or in consequence of the said Invention, and may use and exercise the said Invention in like Manner in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as he or they could or might have done, in case no Act or Acts of Parliament containing any Provisions or Restrictions relating to the Manner of tanning Hides ojr Skins, of the Materials or Things to be used in the tanning of Hides or Skins, or to the Sale of tanned Hides or Skins, had been in force at the Time of the granting of the said Letters Patent; any Thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary hereof notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give any greater Force or Validity to the said Letters Patent, or the Grant therein mentioned, than the same would have had in case no such Act or Acts of Parliament as aforesaid had been in force at the Time of the granting of the said Letters Patent.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for the more effectually repairing of such Parts of the Highways of this Kingdom as are to be repaired by two Parishes.

[23d May 1794.]

'WHEREAS the Common Highways in this Kingdom are to be maintained and kept in Repair (except in certain cases) by the Inhabitants of the several Parishes in which such Common Highways arefituated; but it frequently happens that the Boundaries of such Parishes pass through the Middle of such Common Highways, and one Side of such Highways is situated in one Parish, and the other Side of such Highways is situated in another Parish, whereby great Inconveniencies have often arisen to such Parishes, in settling the Time and Manner of repairing and amending the same, and great Detriment has- arisen thereby to the Publick from the Want of the due Repair of such Highways:' For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, or Division, upon Complaint or Application to them by any Surveyor, or any one of the Surveyors of the Highways of any Parish, (dating to such Justices in Writing, and by a Plan thereunto annexed, that there is situated in the said Parish, and also in some other Parish adjoining thereto, specifying the same, a certain Common Highway, particularly describing the same by Metes, Bounds, and Admeasurement thereof, one Side of which Common Highway ought to be made or repaired by one of such Parishes, and the other Side thereof by the other of such Parishes,) to issue their Summons, with a Copy of such Writing and Plan thereunto annexed, to the Surveyor or one of the Surveyors of the Highways of such other Parish, to appear before them on a Day to be mentioned in such Summons, not more than fourteen Days, nor less than leven Days from the Day of the Date of such Summons; and that in case the Parties shall then appear before such Justices, they may then proceed finally to decide the Matter in the Manner herein after mentioned, in case all the Parties shall consent thereto; but in case the Surveyor summoned shall not appear on such first Summons, or appearing shall require further Time, the said Justices shall adjourn the further Consideration of the Matter for any further Time, not more than twenty-one Days, nor less than fourteen Days from the Day of such Adjournment, of which the Surveyor not appearing shall have Notice; on which Day the said Justices shall proceed to hear the Parties and their Witnesses, and whether the Party summoned does or does not appear, shall proceed to examine and finally determine the Matter in Form following: (that is to say,) That it shall and may be lawful for such Justices^ and they are hereby required, to divide the Whole of such Common Highway by a transverse Line crofting such Highway, into two equal Parts, or into two such unequal Parts and Proportions as, in Consideration of the Soil, Waters, Floods, the Inequality of such Highway, or any other Circumstances attending the same, they, in their Discretion, shall, think just and right; and to declare, adjudge, and order that the Whole of such Highway on both Sides thereof, in one of such Parts, shall be maintained and repaired by one of such Parishes, and that the Whole of such Highway on both Sides thereof, in the other of such Parts, shall be maintained and repaired by the other of such Parishes; and shall cause such their Order, and a Plan of such Highway, and the Allotment thereof as before mentioned, to be fairly delineated on Paper or Parchment, and filed with the Clerk of the Peace of the County in which such Highway shall happen to lie, and shall also cause such Posts, Stones, or other Boundaries to be placed and let up in such Highway as in their Judgment shall be necessary for ascertaining the Division and Allotment aforesaid.

549

in the Manner mentioned in hit Letters I'atcnf* See.

[Public Act.]

Two Jiiftiret-may determine what Parts of Highways lyin£ in two Parishes shall be repaired by each, flee.

55°

Par.stet bound to repair the Pam so allotted.

How Cods of Proceedings shall be defray*

ed, &c.

Boundary of Counties, &c. Hot to be changed, except for the Purpose aforesaid.

Act not to relate to Highways repairable by Bodies Pol tic, &c. which may however on Con sent be put under the Regulations of

nor to extend to Scotland.

Appeal may be made to the Quarter Seffiom.

Complaints, 8ce. may be made in the annexed Forms.

C. 64. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Order and Plan shall be so filed with the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, such Parishes, and the Inhabitants thereof respectively, shall be bound as of Common Right to maintain and keep in Repair such Parts of such Common Highway so allotted to them as aforesaid, and shall be liable to be prosecuted and indicted for Neglect of such Duty, and shall in all Respects whatsoever be liable and subjc£f to all the Provisions, Regulations, and Penalties contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Repair of the Highways which are or shall be in force, in like Manner as they are liable and subject to with respect to the Repair of any other Common Highway within such Parishes. respectively, and also shall be discharged from the Repair of such Parts of such Highway as shall not be included in their respective Allotments.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Cods, Charges, and Expences, to be incurred by reason of any of the Proceedings before mentioned, shall be borne and defrayed by lurch two Parishes, the same being settled and ascertained by such two Justices; and in case the said Parties shall refuse or neglect to pav and discharge their respective Share of such Costs and Expences, it shall and may he lawful for either of such Justices, or any other Justice of the Peace for the said County, Riding, or Division to levy the same by Distress and Sale, with the Costs of such Distress, on the Goods and Chattels of any Surveyor of the Highways of the Parish so refusing or neglecting to defray such Costs and Charges as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Ai£t contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect, change, or alter in any Manner whatsoever, any Boundaries of Counties, Lordships, Hundreds, Manors, or any other Division of publick or private Property, nor the Boundaries of any Parishes, otherwise than for the Purpose of amending and keeping in Repair such particular Portion of the Highways, in the Manner hereinbefore mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall relate, or be construed to relate, to apy Highways, the Repair of any Part of which belongs to any Bodies Politic or Corporate, Township or other such Place, or to any private Person or Persons, by the Reason of Tenure of any Lands, or other-, wife howsoever, but that the same shall be construed to -relate to such Highways, the Repair of which belongs to Pari (lies only: Provided always, That in calc any such Body Politic or Corporate, Township, or other litch Place, or any such private Person or Persons as aforesaid, or any other Person and Persons who shall be bound by Law to repair out Side of any Part of any Common Highway, shall be desirous that the same should be placed *nder the Regulations o( this Act, and that a Division and Allotment thereof should be made according to the Provisions thereof, and the Parties who are bound to the Repair of the other Side of the said Highway shall consent thereto, it shall and may be lawful for such two Justices to make an Order for the Division and Allotment of such Highway; and such Order, when filed with the Clerk of the Peace, shall have the like Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as is herein directod with respect to the like Order where Parishes only are concerned.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall not be construed to extend to that Part of Great JSrr-tain called Scotland.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for either of the two Parishes, between whom any such Allotment of any Highway shall be made by virtue of this Act, by an Order in Vefhy, specially called for the Purpose, to appeal to the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County where such Parishes shall lie, to be holden next after the Time when such Order and Plan shall be filed with the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, and not otherwise; and that upon the hearing of such Appeal, the Justices at such Quarter Sessions shall make such Order as shall appear to the n to be Just, either by affirming, qua(hing, or amending the Order of the two Justices, and shall allow Costs to either Party as in their Discretion they shall think right; which Order of the Quarter Sessions shall not be removed by Writ of Certiorari or otherwise, but shall be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such Complaint, Summons, Adjudication, and Plan may be in the several Forms stated in the Appendix hereunto annexed, or as near thereto as the Circumstances and Nature of each particular Case may admit.

APPENDIX.

INFORMATION.

Couniy 7 A T a Petty Session, holden before J. P. and K. P. two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, this Day of J. S.

one of the Surveyors of the Highways of the Parrfh of\A. came before the Justices aforesaid, and See Plan, gave them to be informed. That there is in the said County a certain Common Highway, leading from M. to N. 'i and that there is a certain Part of the said Highway, that is to say, so much thereof as lies between a certain Place called C. and a certain other Place called D., being in Length [as the Case may be] one Side of which last mentioned Part of the said Highway adjoining to the Parish of A. lies within the said Parish of A.y and is to be, and of Right ought to be, repaired by the said Parish of A.; and that the other Side of the same Part of the said Highway adjoining to the Parish of B. lies within the Parish of and is to be, and of Right ought to be, repaired by the said Parish of B.; and Rating that the Repair of such Part of the said Highway is very inconvenient to the Parishes aforesaidl and the Want thereof detrimental to therublick:

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 64.

And therefore praying. That such Part of the said Highway may be allotted and apportioned for the Repair thereof, by the Justices aforesaid, to the said several Parishes of A. and B.y in the Manner directed by an Actt, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the

(Signed) J. S.

One of the Surveyors of the Highways for the Parish of A.

SUMMONS, to be subjoined to a Copy of the above Information,

County 7 rpO the Surveyors of the Highways of the Parish of B. in the said County, any or either 5 of them.

1 hird, intituled An Atty c5c.

The above Application was made to us the Day and Year first above written.

7. P. K. P.

Whereas a certain Information has been given to us J* P. and K. P. two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, by Jm £. one of the Surveyors of the Highways of the Parish of A. in the said County, a true Copy whereof is above written $ these are, in his Majesty's Name, to summon you, any or either of you, to appear before us at in the said

County, on the Day of atto shew Cause

(if any) why an Allotment and Apportionment of the Highway therein mentioned should not be made, according to the Provisions of the Act referred to in the said Information. Hereof fail not* Given under our Hands, this Day of

J. P.

K. P.

Final ORDER and ADJUDICATION, to be filed with the Clerk of the Peace,

WHEREAS,

1. State the Original Application*

2. The Summons.

3. The Appearance; and that the Parties were heard, ory their Non-appearance.

Now we, the Justices aforesaid, having fully heard and understood the Premises, do declare, adjudge, and order, That the said Highway shall be divided in the following Manner: (that is to say,) That, at the Distance of measuring from the Place called C., there shall be erected certain Posts or Stones,

E. and F.y on each Side of the said Highway; and the Whole of the said Highway, from the Place called C. to such Posts or Stones, shall be from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, repaired by the Parish of A.; and the Whole of the said Highway, from such Posts or Stones to the Place called Z>., shall from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, be repaired by the Parish of B.

In Witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, this Day

of

7. P. (L. S.)

K. P. (L, S.)

PLAN.

Parish of A.

Bound to repair on this Side to the dotted Line.

M,

C.

Stone*

Highway.

D.

F.

Stone.

Parish of S.

Bound to repair on this Side to the dotted Line.

34 Geo. III. 4 B CAP.

552

t and J Phil.

Sc Mar*Cap. l6. and

fl in ia. Gul. 111. Cap. Al.ttciicd.

C. 65. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for better regulating and governing the Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the River of Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor.

[23d May 1794.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the second and third Years of the Reign of their late Majesties Philip and Mary, intituled, An Act touching Watermen and Bargemen upon the River Thames,

it was enacted, that the Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London for the Time being should, from Time to Time, at their Discretion, limit, set, and assess the Price or Prices, and Sums of Money, that every Person or Persons authorized to row upon the River of Thames, betwixt Gravejind and Windsor, should take for his or their Labour or Fare from Place to Place, particularly betwixt Gravf end and Windsor aforesaid; which Prices or Assessments afterwards should be ligned and subscribed by two of the Privy Council at the least, and made public, as in and by the said Act is directed; and it was thereby farther enacted, that every Person and retfons that should take, for his or their Fare or Labour,

above the Prices that should be assessed in Form aforesaid, should forfeit for every such Offence forty Shillings, and also should suffer Imprisonment by one Half Year; the said Forfeiture to be recovered as in and by the said Act is expressed: And whereas for many Years part the said Punishment hath been considered much too severe for the Offence, and there being no Powers for mitigating the same, the Offenders have generally escaped Punishment for their Extortion: And whereas by an Act passed in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the Explan at ion and better Execution of former Acts made touching Watermen and Wherrymen rowing on the River 4 g/*Thames; and for the better ordering and governing the said Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the said River, between Gravesend and Windsor, it was enacted, that there should be yearly appointed, elected, and chosen, by the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London for the Time being, the Number of eight Persons, of the most wife, discreet, and best Sort of Watermen, and the Number of three Persons out of twelve Persons, to be yearly nominated by the Lightermen, of the tnoft

wile, discreet, and best Sort of Lightermen, being Householders, having two Lighters or Flat Boats

upon the said River, between Gravesend and Windsor; which Elections should be yearly, at the first Court of Aldermen to be holden within the said City, next after the tuft Day of June\ and the said eleven Per- Tons so to be elected should be named or called the Overseers and Rulers of all the Wherrymen, Watermen, and Lightermen that, from and after the said first Day of June, should use, occupy, or exercise any Rowing upon the said River of Thames betwixt Gravesend and Windsor aforesaid; which said Overseers and Rulers should keep and maintain good Order and Obedience amongst the said Watermen and Lightermen, according to the true Meaning of that present and former Acts; and that the Assistants and Auditors of the Society or Company of Wherrymen, Watermen, and Lightermen should be also appointed yearly in the Manner therein mentioned, for the better Order and Government of the said Company; and that the said Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants, or the major Part of them present, being all duly summoned as therein mentioned, should and might, and they were thereby empowered and authorized, from Time to Time for the better and more effectual keeping and maintaining good Order and Obedience amongst the said Society and Company, to make, ordain, and provide such reasonable and lawful Rules, Orders, and Constitutions as in their Discretion they should think lit, with reasonable Pains and Penalties ta the same annexed; which said Rules, Orders, and Constitutions should, from Time to Time, be laid before the Cotfrt of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London for the Time being, to be by them examined, altered, or approved, and afterwards confirmed or altered by the Lord Chief Justice of either Bench, for the common Good and Profit of his Majesty's Subjects; and for the farther and better enforcingdue

Obedience to the said Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, and morecafy and speedy Recovery of the Pains ‘ and Penalties to the same annexed, it was thereby further enacted, that the Lord Mayor or London, and the Aldermen of the said City, and the Justices of the Peace within the Shires next adjoining to the said River of Thames between Gravesend and Windsor, every of them within their several Jurisdictions and Authorities, should have full Power and Authority, by virtue of that present Act, upon Complaint made to them, or any of them, by the said Overseers and Rulers, or any two of them, to examine, hear, and de- termine, by the Oath of one or more Witnesses, (which every of them were thereby authorized toadmi- nifter,) or by the Confession of the Off ender, all Complaints or Offences to be done or committed by any such Person or Persons that should offend contrary" to the true Meaning of that present Act, or any Rule, Order, or Constitution to be made pursuant to the Authority thereby given, and by Distress and Sale of the Goods of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen, or one or more of the said Afdermen or Justices, to cause to be levied, from Time to Time, all the Penalties Inflicted by former Acts, and that present Act, touching Watermen, Wherrymen, or Lighter- men, or by any such Rule, Order, or Constitution that should by virtue of that present Act be forfeited: And whereas, in pursuance of the last in Part recited Act of Parliament, certain Rules, Orders, and Constitutions have, from Time to Time, been made for the better Rule and Government of the said Society or Company, but the same have hitherto proved inadequate and ineffectual: And whereas it would tend to the more speedy and ett'edual Administration of Justice, and be of great public Utility and Convenience, if so much of the said Act of the second and third Years of their late Majesties Philip and Mary, as Lib- jedls Persons taking for theisFare or Labour above the assessed Prices, to the Fine of forty Shillings, and

also

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto

UfiUMr

* also to half a Year's Imprisonment, should be repealed; and if the Court of Mayor 3nd Aldermen of the said City of London for the Time being were authorized and empowered to make, frame, and set down in Writing, reasonable Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, for governing and regulating the Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the River "Thames, between the Limits aforesaid; and if the Lord Mayor, Recorder, or any one Alderman of the said City of London for the Time being, and the Justice* 4 of the Peace within the Shires and Places next adjoining to the said River of Thames, between Gravesend and JVbidJor, should severally and respectively have full Power and Authority to adjudge, ascertain, and settle the several Penalties, and to enforce Payment of the same, and to put the Laws, Statutes, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, made and to be made, in Execution; and effectually to punish any Offence or Misbehaviour done or committed by any such Watermen, Wherrymen, or Lightermen, again# the said Laws, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions which are now in force, or which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be made pursuant to the Authorities and Directions of this Act, or of the several Acts of Parliament in that Case made and provided May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, so much of the said in Part recited ACtof the second and third Years of the Reign of their late Majestics Philip and Mary, as subjects every or any Person taking for his Fare or Labour above the Prices assessed for that Purpose as therein mentioned, to the Fine or Forfeiture of forty Shillings, and also to Imprisonment by one Half Year, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the said brft Day of July, the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London shall have Authority, and are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to make such Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, for the better Government and Regulation of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing or uiing any Boat, Barge, or Lighter, or other Vefle], upon the said River Thames, between Gravesend and Winofir, as they shall think fit and necessary, and to alter, repeal, or make void the same, or any of the Rules, Orders, or Constitutions now in force, in Manner and with the Approbation herein after mentioned; and the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, or any one Alderman of the said City, within the said City, and his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the respective Counties and Places next adjoining to the said River Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor, shall severally and respectively have Power and Authority, within the said City, Counties, and Places respectively, to put in Execution the several Laws and Statutes, and also the Rules, Orders, and Constitutions which are now in force, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, in pursuance of this Act, or by the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants of the Watermen's Company, and approved by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, pursuant to the Authorities and Directions of the several Adfs of Parliament in that Case made and provided, or any of them, against the aforesaid Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, or any other Person or Persons, for any Offence or Offences committed or to be committed against the said Laws, Statutes, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, or any of them, and as fully and effectually as if such Rules, Orders, and Constitutions were particularly set forth in this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London for the Time being shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to alter, amend, repeal, or make void any of the Rules, Orders, or Constitutions now in force, or hereafter to be made, and to make, frame, and set down in Writing such other Rules, Orders, or Constitutions, for governing and regulating the Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, owning, rowing, or working Boats or other Craft upon the River Thames, between Gravesend in the County of Kent, and Winafor in the County of Berks, and to annex reasonable Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach of such Rules, Orders, or Constitutions, not exceeding the Sum of three Pounds for any one Offence; and such Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, or any of them, from Time to Time, to alter, amend, repeal, or make void, as to the said Court in their Discretion shall fcem meet, for the better putting this Act in Execution; so as, after the making, altering, amending, or repealing thereof respectively, the Rules, Orders, and Constitutions so to be made, and every such Alteration, Amendment, and Repeal, be allowed and approved of, from Time to Time, by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas> and the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, or any one or more of them, who are and is hereby required, on Request from Time to Time to them, or any one or more of them, made by or on Behalf of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, to peruse and examine all such Rules, Orders, or Constitutions as shall from Time to Time be made, altered, amended, or repealed by the said Couitof Mayor and Aldermen in pursuance of this Act, and laid before the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being, the said Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, the said Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, and the said Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, or any one or more of them, for their or his Allowance and Approbation; and they, or any one or more of them, are or is to allow-thereof, or alter the same before they, or any one or more of them, allow thereof, or to allow of any such Repeal as they, or any one or more of them, shall from Time to Time think lit, and for doing thereof no Fee or Reward shall be paid or taken.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any Alteration in the Rules, Orders, and Constitutions now in force, or hereafter to be made, or any new or other Rules. Orders, and Constitutions, shall be made by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen as afore-

4B a said,

From July T, *794* romh of first reciied A6\s as subject* Persons ukirg mere than thwr Fare to Penalties repealed, &c.

The Court of Mayor and *!-defm?n of London empowered to m ike Rule?, &c. for regulating the Cond«£l and Demeanour ot Watermen, Wherrymen, and Ligh'ermen, open the River Thames.

The said Rule?, &c. to be approved and allowed of by one or more of the Judgesj

who fnry allow, or alter the same.

Copy of intended Al'erations, anc. New Rui«

554

to be sent to the Watermen's Company thirty Days before allowed by the Judge*, and the Company may submit their Objections, &c.

The Rules, &c.

to be printed and published.

Power vested in the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices>to summon and apprehend Water-men, &c. and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and pu-nish Offenders by Fine and Imprisonment.

£onstables not to take Watermen, &c. out of Boats or Craft until moored. Notice to be insertect in-War-

C. 65. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

said, a Copy of such intended Alterations, and of such new or other Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, shall be sent to and left at Waterman's Hall, for the Perusal of the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants of the Watermen's Company, at lead thirty Days before the same shall be allowed by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, or any one of more of them, as aforesaid, in order that the said Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants may submit to the Consideration of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen their Objections (if any) to such intended Alterations, or to such new or other Rules, Orders, and Constitutions; and in case the said Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants shall not be satisfied with the Determination of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen in the Premises, on such Objection respectively, then, that the said Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants may submit their said Objections to the Consideration of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain^ the Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, or any one or more of them, before such intended Alterations, or such new or other Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, are allowed as aforesaid.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, so to be from Time to Time made, altered, or amended by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, shall, within thirty Days after the same shall be allowed and approved of as aforesaid, be printed and sent to the several Public Offices, lately established by Authority of Parliament for the Administration of Justice, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey; and also to the several Clerks of the Peace of the said Counties and Places adjoining to the River Thames, to be published in such Manner as the Court of Quarter Sessions in those Counties shall direct, and also be made public in such other Adanner as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall think proper, and from Time to Time order and direct.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Waterman, Wherryman, Lighterman, or other Person or Persons, shall offend against the Laws, Statutes, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions which are now in force, or which shall at any Time be made by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen in pursuance of this Act, or by the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants of the Watermen's Company, and approved by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, pursuant to the Authorities and Directions of the several Acts of Parliament in that Case made and provided, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Recorder, or any one Alderman, of the said City, and for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the respective Counties and Places next adjoining to the said River of Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor, and every of them, within their several and respective Jurisdictions, upon. Complaint made of any such Offence or Misbehaviour, committed within their respective Jurisdictions, within six Days after the Commission of any such Offence or Misbehaviour, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be summoned personally, or by leaving such Summons at his, her, or their last or usual Place or respective Places of Abode, to appear and answer the said Complaint; and if any Waterman, Wherryman, Lighterman, or other Person or Persons, being duly summoned as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to appear and answer to any Complaint or Complaints made against him, her, or them, for any Offence or Offences committed by him, her, or them, against the said Laws, Statutes, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, or any of them, or against this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Justices respectively, in his or their respective Jurisdictions as aforesaid, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending such Waterman, Wherryman, Lighterman, or other Person or Persons, upon Oath being made of the Service of such Summons, and to cause the Party or Parties so offending or misbehaving to be brought before him or them; and the Party or Parties accused being before such Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Justices respectively, either by means of such Summons, or of such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid, he and they respectively is and are hereby authorized and required to examine upon Oath the Complainant, or any Witnef orj Witnesses, touching such Offence or Misbehaviour; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence or Misbehaviour, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath of the Complainant, or of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall be lawful for such Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Justices, or any one of them, to imuofe a Fine upon such Offender or Offenders for the said Offence, not exceeding the Penalty or Penalties inflicted or to be inflicted by this Act, or the said other Laws and Statutes, or the said Rules, Orders, and Constitutions made and to be made as aforesaid, or any of them; and if the Person or Persons so convicted shall not forthwith pay the Penalty or Forfeiture so imposed upon him, her, or them, it shall and may be lawful for such Adayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Justices respectively, to commit such Person or Persons so convicted to some Prison within the said City, Counties, and Places respectively, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Constable or other Officer shall, by virtue of any such Warrant, apprehend or take any Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman out of any Boat or Craft which they respectively may happen to be on board of, rowing, or navigating, until such Boat or Craft shall be safely moored, unless there shall be sufficient Hands on board to row or navigate or take care thereof; and Notice of this Provision shall be inserted in every such Warrant, for the Information of the Constable, or other Officer, who may have the Execution thereof.

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 65. 555

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse to pay any such Waterman or Wherryman, Watermen or Wherrymen, the Money justly due to him or them for carrying any such Person or Persons in his or their Boat or Boats according to the Rates now established, or which shall hereafter be duly established, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Justices of the Peace respectively, or any one or more of them, within whose Jurisdiction such Refusal shall be made, upon Complaint made of any such Refusal, to summon such Person or Persons to answer the said Complaint, by causing such Summons to be served personally, or by leaving the same at his, her, or their last or usual Place or respective Places of Abode; and if any Person or Persons, being duly summoned as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to appear and answer to any Complaint or Complaints made against him, her, or them for refusing any such Payment as last hereinbefore is mentioned, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Justices respectively, or any one or more of them, in his or their respective Jurisdictions as aforesaid, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending such Person or Persons, upon Oath being made of such his, her, or their Refusal as aforesaid, and Service of such Summons, and to cause the Party or Parties so offending to be brought before him or them; and the Party or Parties accused being before such Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Justices respectively, either by means of such Summons, or of such Warrant or Warrants as last hereinbefore mentioned, he and they respectively is and are hereby authorized and required, upon due Proof made of such Refusal of Payment unto such Waterman or Wherryman, Watermen or Wherrymen, of the Money justly due to him or them for carrying the Person or Persons accused in his or iheir Boat or Boats, upon Oath, or upon Confection of the Party or Parties, to order Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money which such Waterman or Wherryrhan, Watermen or Wherrymen, shall appear to be entitled to; and also to award reasonable Satisfaction to be made to him or them, for his or their Lois of Time and Costs, in the Discretion of the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Justices respectively; and if the said Person or Persons so offending shall not pay such Sum or Sums of Money, and make such reasonable Satisfaction (if awarded) as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Lid Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Justices respectively, to commit the Person or Persons so refusing to some Prison within the City of London, and the said several Counties and Places adjoining to the said River of Thames, there to remain for any Space of Lime not exceeding one Calendar Month, unless the said Sum or Sums of Money so ordered and awarded as aforesaid shall be sooner paid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse to pay any such Waterman or Wherryman, Watermen or Wherrymen, the Money demanded by him or them for carrying any such Person or Persons in his or their Boat or Boats, and shall also refuse to give to such Waterman or Wherryman, Watermen or Wherrymen, upon Demand, the Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, of him, her, or them so refusing, or instead thereof shall wilfully give any false or fictitious Name or Names, or Place or Places of Abode, for the Purpose of preventing him, her, or them from being summoned as aforesaid, every Person so refusing to make such Payment, or to give his or her real Name and Place of Abode as aforesaid, or so refusing Payment, and giving such false or fictitious Name or Place of Abode, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Penalty not exceeding five Pounds; and such Offender or Offenders shall or may thereupon be summoned and otherwise proceeded against, not only for the Recovery of the Money justly due to such Waterman or Wherryman, Watermen or Wherrymen, and reasonable Satisfaction for his or their Loss of Time and Costs, but also for enforcing the Payment of the Penalty or Forfeiture last hereinbefore inflicted, in such and the same Manner, in all Respects, as is hereinbefore mentioned and directed for the Recovery of Money due to any Waterman or Wherryman for carrying any Person in his Boat, and of such reasonable Satisfaction as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case and when any Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, or the Widow of any Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, shall have Cause of Complaint against any other Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, or the Widow of any Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, whether Master, Apprentice, or Servant, for any Offence or Misbehaviour against this Act, or any of the said other Laws and Statutes, or of the said Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, made and to be made as aforesaid, and by such Offence or Misbehaviour, the Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, or such Widow, so having Cause of Complaint, shall suffer, or suppose himself or herself to suffer any Damage, Injury, or ill Treatment, it shall be lawful for the Overseers and Rulers for the Time being of the said Society or Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, or any two or more of them, (as well as for the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Justices respectively hereby authorized as aforesaid,) to hear and determine concerning any such Offence or Misbehaviour, and convict the Offender as herein after is mentioned and directed: that is to say, in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Overseers or Rulers, or any two or more of them, upon Complaint made by any Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, or such Widow, of any such Offence or Misbehaviour, within six Days after the Commission thereof, to cause the Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, or such Widow, so offending, to be summoned personally, or by leaving such Summons at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, to appear and answer the said Complaint; and the Party accused being before such two or more Overseers or Rulers, to hear and examine the Complainant, or any Witness or Witnesses, touching such Offence or Misbehaviour, and determine concerning the same; and if the Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, or such Widow accused, shall be convicted of any such Offence or Misbehaviour, it shall be lawful for such Overseers or Rulers, or any two or more of them, to impose a Fine upon such Offender for the said Offence or Misbehaviour, not exceeding the Penalty or Penalties inflicted or to be inflicted by this Act, or the said other Laws and Statutes, or the said Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, made and to be made as aforesaid, or any of them; and if the Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, or such Widow so convicted, shall not forth-

Power to summon Persons on Refusal of Payment of Fares, and apprehend them on Non-appearance,1 and examine Witnesses on Oath, and order Payment, &c.

Persons reefing to pay Fires, or to give their Names and Re-fideoce, or giving flftitious Names or Places of Abode, may be punished by Fine, &c.

Overseers or R ulers of the Waierinen's Company to hear and determine Complaints between Watermen and Watermen*

mr

Hurryrr

556

Farm of Con-on bj lh« fculeri.

Apprentice* to serve, in Ad<1i -tion to the fe*en Vein for which they are bound, the Space of Time they shall

Ve respe$.reljr imprisoned*

Mayor, Aldermen, Ac* may Jmioifl-r Oaths, he,

How Mayor,

Aldermen, Ac to proved for Conviction of Offenders.

Form of Conviction by the Justices.

Application of Penalties and Forfciuircy,

C. 65. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

with pay the Penalty or Forfeiture so imposed upon him, her, or them, it shall be lawful for the aforesaid Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Justices respectively, within whose Jurisdiction the said Offence or Miibe-haviour shall have been committed, upon Production to him or them respectively of such Conviction, drawn up in Writing in the form and Manner herein after set forth, or to that Effect, to ifiiie his or their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending such Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, or such Widow, and to cause him, her, or them to be brought before the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Justices respectively, or any of them; and upon being so brought, if the Party lo convicted shall not forthwith pay the Penalty or Forfeiture so imposed upon him, her, or them, it shall be lawful for such Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Justices respectively, to commit such Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, or such Widow so convicted, to some Prison within the said City, Counties, and Places respectively, thereto remain for any Space of Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

I 44 JjL k remembered. That on this Day of in the

to wit. c 4< Year of his Majesty's Reign, A.B. is convicted before us, two of the Rulers of the Society or Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, or Lightermen, for 44 (here fit forth the Offence) and we do adjudge him

to pay and forfeit for the same the Sum of Given under our Handsand Seals the Day and Year aforesaid."

X. Provided always nevertheless, That the Jurisdiction or Authority so hereby given to the said Overfcrn or Rulers shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to the Conviction of any Offender who shall not be 2 Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, or the Apprentice or Servant of a Waterman, Wherryman, ot Lighterman, or duly authorized by Law to act as such; nor to any Cnle in which the Person sustaining Damage, Injury, or ill Treatment by such Offence or Misbehaviour, or the Person complaining thereof as afqrc-said, shall not be a Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, or the Apprentice or Servant of a Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, or foduly authorized as last mentioned.

XI. And whereas Apprentices to Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, or to the Widows of Wa- termen, Wherrymen, or Lightermen, may probably be sometimes respectively imprisoned in cor.fcquenceof Offences tgainst this Act, or against some of the Laws, Statutes, Rules, Orders, or Constitutions aforesaid,

and during such Imprisonment their Masters or Miftrcfles respectively will be deprived of the Benefit of their Services, and such Apprentices so imprisoned will be prevented from improving in their Business ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Apprentice, who shall be imprisoned for any Offence against this Act, or against any of the Laws, Statutes, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions made and to be made as aforesaid, shall serve as an Apprentice to his then Master or ALstress, his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, not only till the Expiration of the Term for which such Apprentice ought to serve according to the Laws and Customs already exi(ling, and any Agreement which may have been made in that Behalf, but also forand during such further Space of Time, to be computed from the End of the said Term, as shall be equal in Extent or Duration to the Time during which such Apprentice shall have been so imprisoned as aforesaid; and that no such Apprentice shall be considered as having served a legal Apprenticeship, or entitled to the Privileges and Benefits of serving an Apprenticeship, unlessand until he shall hare actually and bona fide served such further Space of Time, according to the true Intent and Meaning of these Presents; any Agreement concerning such Apprenticeship, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in every Case in which any Oath is by this Actdirected to be made or taken, the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Justices respectively, before whom such Oath is hereby directed to be made or taken, shall have full Power to administer and take the same, or, instead thereof, a solemn Affirmation by any of the People called Quakers, as the Case may require; and that the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Justices respectively, before whom any Person shall be convicted in Manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause such respective Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say,}

5 W lt ^embered, That on this Day of in the

to wit. 144 Year of his Majesty's Reign, A.B. isconvided before me one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City, County, or Place (as the Case Jbail

144 happen to be), for (herefet forth the Offence)

and I do adjudge him to pay and forfeit for the lame the Sum of

being the Penalty by him forfeited; and also the Sum of for L06

of Time and Costs Of awarded, as the Case Jbail happen to be). Given under my Hand and M Seal, or our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year aforesaid."

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be levied or recovered and received, in pursuance and by virtue of this Act, shall be paid to the Rulers and Overseers of the said Company, or the major Part of them, for the Time being, within one Calendar Month after the same shall be levied, and shall be by them paid and distributed to the poor aged and decayed Freemen of the said Company, and their Widows; saving only, that it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Justices respectively, before whom any Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, out of the said Forfeitures and Penalties, to reward any Person or Persons who shall inform of any Offence os

7 Offences

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 65. 557

Offences against: this Act, according to the Discretion of such Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Justices respectively, so as such Reward exceed not one Moiety or Half Pai t of the respective Penalties or Forfeitures.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Personi aggnev-shall think himself, herftdf, or themselves aggrieved by the Order or Judgment of the said Mayor, Recorder, may appeal r© Aldermen, or Justices of the Peace, or Overseers or Rulers respectively, on account of any Offence com- ^ar'tr be ‘ mitted, or supposed to be committed, against this Act, or against any of such Rules, Orders, and Constitu- ans'

tions as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, City, or Place where any such Conviction shall be made, the Person or Persons at the Time of Conviction entering into a Recognizance, with one Surety, in the Sum of twenty Pounds, to prosecute such Appeal with Eft eft, and to abide by the Order or Orders which shall be made on such Appeal; and the Justices in the said General or Quarter Sessions are hereby authorized to hear and determine every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear to be just and reasonable, ar^J to cause to be levied, under the Order of any such Sections, the Costs which shall be awarded, together with such Sum of Money as any such Court of Sections, on the Hearing imy such Appeal, shall adjudge to be forfeited, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person who shall refuse to pay such Costs and Sums of Money forfeited, or of the Person or Persons who shall have been Surety or Sureties for him as aforesaid.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Order or Proceedings to be made or had by or before the Proreedinesnit

said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Justices, or Overseers or Rulers respectively, by virtue of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form; and that the Order of the Justices at their General or Quarter Sessions, an 0 ornr,

within their several Jurisdictions, shall be tinal; and that no Proceedings of the said Mayor, Recorder, Alder- nor removable men. or Justices respectively out of Sections, or in their General Quarter Sessions, in pursuance of this by crlloran* Act, shall be removable by Certiorari or other wise.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be punished for any Offence L:m:fation of against: this Act, unless such Person shall be prosecuted for the same within six Days after the Offence A-lions. committed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com- Aflions for menced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, it shall be

brought or commenced within three Calendar Months next after every such Cause of Action shall have ac- ^"0

crued, and not afterwards, and shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County, City, or Place in which the brought within Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not efiewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or three Month?, Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials and the 1,ersons which shall be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if ^dG^|ead the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the j^uc " J Time last before limited, or shall be laid or brought in any other County, City, or Place, than where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, then, and in any of such cases, the Jury or Juries shall find for the De^ fendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or shall discontinue his Action or Actions, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs and shall have such Remedy for DoubleCofi*. recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or may have for his or their Costs in any other Cases by Law.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Statute made in the twenty- c'ause in Act fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the rendering the *4 Ge:>. I*.

Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace respectively, acting under the Authority or in Execution of this Act; and no Action or Suit shall be had or commenced against, or Writ issued out, or Copy of Writ served, Notice to be upon any Peace Officer or Officers, for any Thing done in the Execution of this Act, until'Notice in Writing shall have been given to him or them, or left at hisor their usual Place of Abode, by the Attorney for the Party commencing such Action, or suing out or serving the Copy of the said Writ; which said No- Suitagaim't tice in Writing shall contain the Name and Place of Abode of the Person who is to bring such Action, to- him, gether with the Cause of Action or Complaint, and the Name and Place of Abode of the said Attorney shall be underwrote or indorsed thereon; and any Peace Officer or Officers shall be at Liberty and may, by vir- Tender of tue of this Act, at any Time within fourteen Days after such Notice, tender or cause to be tendered any Amends ay be Sum or Sums of Money as Amends for the Injury complained of, to the Party complaining, or to the said made by hlal, Attorney; and if the same is not accepted, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions may plead such Tender in bar of such Action or Actions, together with the General Issue,.cr any other Plea, with Leave of the Court; and if, upon I flue joined upon such Tender, the Jury shall find the Amends tendered to have been sufficient, the said Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such and pleaded in Case, or if the Plaintiff'shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his Action, or if Judgment shall be given for bar ihc the Defendant or Defendants, upon Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to his and A^loa* their Costs; and if the Jury shall find that no such Tender was made, or that the Amends tendered were not if none, or in-, sufficient, and also shall find against the Defendant or Defendants on such other Plea or Pleas by them futficienc Ten-pleaded, the said Jury shall give a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper, for der has be?n. which, the Plaintiff shall have Judgment, together with his, her, or their full Costs. made' I>.JalQJn?> 1

XIX. Provided ri‘Ve,dia'

to recover.

S5«

Aft not to abridge the late Duke of Rich-m nd's Right of holding a Court in Gravesend,

&c called Curia cursus aquae.

Nor to lessen, &c. the Liberties, &c. of the Inhabiting of Gnvefend, re-iating to the ferry from Gravesend to London, &c,

Not to abridge the Fowen of the Matter, Sec, of the Trinity Housein li-cmfing Marines.

Not to aflfeft the present Laws, unless hereby expressly altered or repealed.

Persons convicted under this Act not to be other-vise punished. Offenders not to be twice punished for the Same Offence.

C. 65 —68. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to the lessening, taking away, abridging, hindering, prejudicing, or otherwise howsoever impeaching of any Right belonging to or lawfully claimed by the late Charles Duke of Richmond and Lennox, Lord of the Manor of Gravesend, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for the holding a certain Court within the said Manor called (Curia cursus aqua), or The Court of the Water Course, for the better Government of Barges, Boats, and Vessels using the Ferry or Passage from the Town of Gravesend to London, and of the Persons owning or working the same, or of any other Rights, Liberties, Powers, and Privileges whatsoever, belonging to the said late Duke, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, relating to the said Ferry or Passage, or to the Barges, Tilt-Boats, or other Boats and Vessels using the said Ferry or Passage, or plying at the Bridge of the said Town of Gravesend, or the Persons owning or working the same, or otherwise howsoever.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to the lessening, taking away, abridging, hindering, prejudicing, or impeaching of any Grants, Liberties, Franchises, Customs, Privileges, or Usages now or heretofore lawfully used, held, or enjoyed by the Mayor, Jurats, and capital Inhabitants of the Villages and Parishes of Gravesend and Miltons in the County of Kent, touching, concerning, or relating to the Passage and Ferry upon the said River of Thames, from the said Villages and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton to the said City of London, or touching or concerning the Government or Gubernation of the said Passage or Ferry; but that the said Mayor, Jurats, and Inhabitants, and their Successors, shall and may do and execute all and every such lawful Act and Acts, Powers, and Authorities, touching the said Passage and Ferry, and the Government thereof, as they might or could have done if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to abridge or alter any of the Powers or Authorities vested fti the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Trinity-House, Deptford Strond, in and by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act concerning Sea Marks and Mariners; nor shall any Mariner or Mariners, licensed or to be licensed by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants to row or ule any Boat or Wherry on the said River Thames, or any of the Men employed by the said 1 Master, Wardens, or Assistants in rowing or using any Ballast Lighters or Boats on the said River, be subject, by reason of any Matter, Clause, or Thing herein contained, to the Rules, Orders, or Government of the said Mayar and Aldermen. '

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Clauses, Provisoes, and Exceptions contained in the several Laws now in being, for regulating Watermen, Wherry men, and Lightermen, or any of them, and not hereby expressly repealed or altered, shall be of such and the same Force and Effect as they were before the making of this Act.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Person convicted of any Offence against this Act, and who shall suffer for the same accordingly, shall not be otherwise punished, or fufter for such Offence, by virtue of the said before-mentioned Laws, or any other Statute of this Realm, or of such present or future Rules, Orders, and Constitutions as aforesaid, or any of them; and that no Offender against the said Laws, Statutes, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, or any of them, shall be twice punished for one and the same Offence.

---

[Public Act.]

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys Esquire, in Trust for the late Right Honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will be necessary to resort to the Mortgaged Premises, in order to recover the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby to his Majesty.

[23d May 1794.]

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for vesting in John Wilkinson Esquire, in Trust for the Assignees of Joseph Freeman and Thomas Grace, a Messuage and other Hereditaments, in Saint James's Square, purchased by the said Joseph Freeman of Matthias de Gandasequi, an Alien; and for discharging the same from the Right of the Crown, in respect of the Alienage.

[23d May 1794.]

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for the further Encouragement of British Mariners; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[11th June 1794.]

[12 Car. II. Cap. 28.]

'WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, and by several subsequent Acts, British Ships importing Goods of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of'

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 68. 559

---

Asia, Africa, or America, are required to be navigated with a Master and Three-fourths of the Mariners British Subjects; and the like Ships, importing certain Goods particularly enumerated and described in the said Acts, are required to be in like Manner navigated, under the Penalty of Forfeiture of all such Goods as shall be loaden and carried in any such Ship or Vessel, with the Ship or Vessel, and all her Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel: And whereas the Safety and Strength of this Realm greatly depend on the giving all possible Encouragement to the training up and Employment of British Mariners, and it is therefore expedient that all BrUiJly Ships and Vessels should be required to be navigated in such Manner as will best tend to promote that important Object be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Expiration of six Months from the Conclusion of the present War, to be notified in Manner herein after mentioned, no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever shall be imported or brought into any Port or Place in the Kingdom of Great Britain, or in the Islands of Guernsey, ferfey, Alderney, Sarky or Many on board any Ship or Vessel which is or shall be registered, or which by Law is or shall be required to be registered, as a British Ship or Vessel, unless such Ship or Vessel shall be navigated by a Master and Three-fourths, at least, of the Mariners British Subjects.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Expiration of six Months from the Conclusion of the present War, to be notified in Manner herein after mentioned, no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever shall be expoited, or shipped, for the Purpose of Exportation, from any Port or Place in the IGcgdom of Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sarky or Man, on board any fuclrohip or Vessel as aforesaid, unless such Ship or Vessel shall be navigated by a Master and Three-fourths, at least, of the Mariners British Subjects.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of six Months from the Conclusion of the present War, to be notified in Manner herein after mentioned, no Ship or Vessel which is or shall be registered, or which by Law is or shall be required to be registered, as a British Ship or Vessel in any of the Ports of Great Britain, Guernsey, ferfy, or The Iste of Man, or of any of the Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories belonging, or which may hereafter belong, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall be navigated but by a iMaster and Thr^e-fourths, at least, of the Mariners British Subjects, except as is herein after provided.

IV. And whereas, by the Laws now in force, Ships or Vessels employed in carrying any Goods or Things whatever from one Port or Creek of Great Britain^ or of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sarky or Many to another Port or Creek of the same, or of any of them, are required to be navigated with 4 a Master and Three-fourths of the Mariners, at least, British Subjects, under the Penalty of Forfeiture of all such Goods as shall be loaden and carried in any such Ship or Vessel, with the Ship or Vessel, and all her Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel: And whereas it is expedient that all Ships or Vessels so employed, or failing in Ballast from one of the said Ports or Creeks to another, should be manned with, and navigated wholly and Tolely by British Subjects be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after six Months from the Conclusion of the present War, to be notified in Manner herein after mentioned, no Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatever shall be carried from any one Port, Member, or Creek, or Place of Great Britain, or of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sarky or Many to any other Port, Member, Creek, or Place of the same, or of any of them, in any such Ship or Vessel; nor shall any such Ship or Vessel be permitted to fail in Ballast from one of the said Ports or Creeks to another; nor shall any British Ship or Vessel be permitted to fail from the Ports or Coafis of this Kingdom, or of the Islands of Guernsey, 'ferfey, Alderney, Sarky or Many to be employed in fishing on the said Coasts, unless such Ship or Vessel shall respectively be wholly and solely manned with and navigated by a Master and Mariners all British Subjects: Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for four or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, and for three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland respectively, by Licence under their Hands, for which no Fee shall be taken, to authorize any such Ship or Vessel employed in fishing on the Coast of Great Britaiiiy or of the Islands of Guernsey, ferfey, Alderney, Sarky or Many to have on board any Foreign Mariner or Mariners, for the Purpose of intruding the British Mariners in such Ship or Vessel in the Art of Fishing, or taking or curing Fish, such Foreign Mariner or Mariners not exceeding One fourth of the Number of Mariners on board such Ship or Vessel.

V. And be it further enacted, That where it is required by this or any other Act that the Master, and the Whole or any Proportion of the Mariners of any Ship or Vessel shall be British Subjects, the true Intent and Meaning is, that the Master and the Whole, or such Proportions, shall be British Subjects during the whole Voyage, unless in case of Sickness, Death, Desertion, or of the Whole or Part of the Crew being taken Prisoners in the Voyage, and in such Case the Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall specify the same in his Report: Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter, or in anywise affect, any Regulation for navigating or manning of Ships employed in any of the Fisheries carried on from this Kingdom, or any Part of his Majesty's Dominions, for which any special Provision has been made by any Act or Acts in force before the Commencement of this Act.

VI. And, to prevent all Doubts respecting the various Terms made use of in the several Laws of Navigation with respect to who are to be deemed and taken to be qualified to be Matters of British Ships, or to be British Sailors, Seamen, or Mariners J be it declared and enacted, That no Person shall from hence-

34 Geo. III. 4C forth

559

After six Months from the Conclusion of the present War, no Goods, &c. to be imposed into Great Britain, ,&c.

nor any Goods exported from thence in British Viflels, unless the Master and Three-foorths of the Ciew are British Subjects;

nor any such Vessels re^i^ered in Great Britain, &c. to be otherwise navigated but as herein provided.

No Goods to be carried from one Place to another in Great Britain, &c. nor any Vessel to fail in Ballast, nor to fish on the Coafis, unless wholly manned with British Subjects. Commissioners of the Customs may authorise Vessels to have Foreign Mari, ners to instruct British ones in Fishing.

Proportions of British Mariners to befo the whole Voyage, unless in certain cases.

Act not to alter any Regulations for which special Provision has been mades

Who ft) a I] be deemed Britifts Seamen.

560

Foreign Seamen (erving three Years in the Navy in Time of War may be employed as Matters or Bm-Ofli Seamen on Certificate of their Service, dec.

No Person who has taken an ('uh of Allegiance to aoy Foreign State, except in certain cases, to be qualified to be a Master or a British Seaman. Penalty on disqualified Per-laas acting.

Vessels not he he forfeited if the Disqualification of Persons was unknown to the Owners.

In America and the West Indies, and to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, Negroes, &c. may be employed as heretofore.

No Negro of a Colony late uniter the Domi-

C. 68. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

forth be deemed and taken to be qualified to be the Matter of a British Ship, or to be a British Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or of any other Act now in force, except the natural-born Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or Persons naturalized by or by virtue of any Act of Parliament, or mac^e Denizens by Letters of Denization, or except Persons who have become his Majesty's Subjects by virtue of Conquest or Session of some newly-acquired Country, and who shall have taken the Oath of Allegiance to his Majesty, or the Oath of Fidelity required by the Treaty or Capitulation by which such newly-acquired Country came into his Majesty's Possession, except as is herein after provided.

VII. And whereas it is expedient that Foreigners who have served or shall serve faithfully on board his Majesty's Ships of War, in the present or any future War, for the Time and in the Manner herein after mentioned, should be declared to be British Sailors, Seamen, or Mariners, within the Intent and Meaning c of the Laws of Navigation under certain Regulations be it further enacted, That every Foreign Sailor* Seaman, or Mariner, who shall have served, or who shall serve, on board any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, in Time of War, for and during the Space of three Years, either in one and the same Ship or Vessel, or in different Ships or Vessels, and who shall have obtained a Certificate or Certificates from the Captain or Commander, Captains or Commanders, of such Ships or Vessels on board of which he shall have so served, or in case of the Death of such Captain or Commander, then upon the Certificate of the Officer then living who shall have been next in Rank to such Captain or Commander, testifying that he has so served, and testifying his faithful Service and good Behaviour during the Time of such Service, and who shall also have taken the Oath of Allegiance to his Majesty before fom^Justice of the Peace, or Principal Magistrate of some City or Town in his Majesty's Dominions, or Wfore the Principal Officer of his Majesty's Customs in any Port of his Majesty's Dominions, (which Oath they are respectively hereby authorized to administer,) and who shall obtain a Certificate from such Justice of the Peace, Principal Magistrate, or Chief Officer, of his having taken such Oath, (which Certificate they are hereby authorized and required to give upon the Payment of no greater Fee than that of one Shilling,) shall, from and after the Conclusion of the present \Var, be entitled to be employed as a Master of a British Ship or Vessel, or as a British Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner on board any British Ship or Vessel, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or any of the Laws now in force: Provided always, That no such Foreigner shall be entitled to become the iViafter of any British Ship or Vessel, or to be employed as a British Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner, unlefe he shall have delivered the before-mentioned Certificate or Certificates of the Time he shall have served, and of his faithful Service and good Behaviour, and the before-mentioned Certificate of his so having taken the Oath of Allegiance to the Collector or other Chief Officer of his Majesty's Customs in the Port of London, or in the Ports of Chatham, P or if mouth, or Plymouth, to be filed by such Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, who are hereby required to deliver to such Foreign Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner, an attested Copy thereof, upon paying the Fee of one Shilling, and no more.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person who is or shall become qualified to be the Master of a British Ship or Vessel, or to be a British) Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner by Birth, Naturalization, Denization, Conquest, or Service, in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, and who has taken or shall take any Oath of Allegiance to any Foreign Sovereign or State whatsoever, for any Purpose whatsoever, except under the Terms of some Capitulation upon the Conquest of any of the Dominions of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by any Enemy or Enemies, and for the Purpose of obtaining the Benefit of such Capitulation only, shall be deemed and taken to be qualified to be the iMaster of a British Ship or Vessel, or a British Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner, within the Intent and Meaning of any of the Laws of Navigation, unless such Person shall have taken such Oath of Allegiance before he became so qualified; and any Person who shall, after having become disqualified by taking such Oath of Allegiance as aforesaid, take the Charge or Command of any British Ship or Vessel, as Master or Commander thereof, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and every Person who shall, after having become fo disqualified as aforesaid, engage to serve as a British Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner, on board any such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds; such Forfeitures respectively to be recovered upon Conviction before a Justice of the Peace, if such Offence shall be committed in Great Britain; and before any Member of the Supreme Court of Justice, or any Justice of the Peace, if such Offence shall be committed in the Islands of Gucrrfcy, Jersey* or Man, or in any Colony, Plantation, Island, or Territory to his Majesty belonging in America: Provided also, That no Ship or Vessel, onboard whereof any Person who is so disqualified shall be employed as Master or Commander, shall be forfeited by reason thereof, if the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall shew that such Disqualification of such Master or Commander was unknown to such Owner or Owners respectively, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, and that such Disqualification of such Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner was unknown to such Owner or Owners respectively, or to his Agent or Agents, and to the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel at the Time of engaging such Person so disqualified to serve on board such Ship or Vessel: Provided always, That in the Navigation on the Seas of America and the West Indies, from any Port of America and the West Indies to any Port of America and the West Indies, any Negroes belonging to any Person or Persons being or having become his Majesty's Subjects in Manner aforesaid, and with the Qualifications aforesaid, and in the Seas to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, from any Port to the Eastward of the Cape of Good PIcpe to any other Port to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, Lascars and other Natives of any of the Countries to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope may be employed as British) Sailors, Seamen, or Mariners, in Manner heretofore pra&ifed: Provided nevertheless, That no Negro belonging to any Person who has become a Subject of his Majesty, in Manner before dcfcished, in any of the lllands or Colonies late

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 68. 561

under the Dominion of his most Christian Majesty, shall be entitled to be employed in Manner before-mentioned as a British Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner, unless all the Conditions required by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to Foreign Ships put under his Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrift ions \ for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies surrendered to his Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or raftors; and for repeali}jg an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, "from the said Colonies directly to Foreigti Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law and also so much of an Act, pqjfed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as amends the said Act; shall have been complied with so long as the said Act shall continue in force.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away or restrain the Effect of any such Proclamation as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors are empowered to make by virtue of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Privateers.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever shall be imported or brought, exported or carried Coastwise, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or any of them, all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and also the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so imported or brought, exported or carried Coastwise, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited: and also if any Ship or Vessel shall fail in Ballast, or shall fail to be employed in fishing on the Coast in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, or being required to be manned and navigated with a Master and a certain Proportion of British Mariners in Manner hereinbefore directed, shall not be manned and navigated according to the Provisions of this Act, such Ship or Vessel, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, and all the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize onboard the same, shall be forfeited.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, and all Ships or Vessels forfeited by this Act, may and shall be seized by the Commander or Commanders of any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or any Commissioned, Warrant, or Petty Officer, specially appointed by him or them, or by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs; and that every Forfeiture incurred by this Act, and whereof the Recovery is not specially provided for by this Act, may and shall respectively be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in such Courts, and by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof respectively disposed of and applied in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of Customs may now be sued for, prosecuted, or recovered, disposed of, and applied, either in this Kingdom, or in the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or in any of his Majesty's other Dominions in or out of Europe respectively, as the Case may happen to be.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any British Ship or Vessel shall be found at Sea, having on board a greater Number of Foreign Mariners than is allowed by this Act, or any Law now in force, or hereafter to be made, and the Master of such Ship or Vessel shall produce a Certificate of the actual Necessity of engaging such Foreign Mariners in some Foreign Port, by Occasion of the Sickness, Death, or Desertion of the like Number oi British Mariners, or of the same having been taken Prisoners during his Voyage, and that British Mariners could not be engaged at such Foreign Port to supply their Room, and that, for the safe Navigation of such Ship or Vessel, it became necessary to engage and employ such Foreign Mariners, under the Hand of his Majesty's Consul at the Foreign Port where the said Foreign Mariners were so engaged, or if there is not any such Consul there, under the Hands of two known British Merchants at such Foreign Port, it shall not be lawful for any of the Persons authorized by this Act to make Seizures of Ships or Vessels navigated contrary to the Directions of this Act, to stop or detain any such Ship or Vessel so found at Sea, or to hinder her from proceeding on her Voyage; but such Persons shall and are hereby required to indorse the Certificate so produced, tefttfying the Production thereof, and when and where met with at Sea, and that the Number of Foreign Mariners correspond with the Certificate of such British Consul, or such known British Merchants, for the Confederation and Investigation of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act, the Conclusion of the present War shall be holden to be from the Time that the same (Hall be notified by Proclamation or Order of his Majesty, in Council, to be published in The London Gazette.

XIV. And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, it is, amongst other Things,

enacted, that when and so often as the Property in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects shall be transferred to any other or others of his Majesty's Subjects, in Whole or in Part, the Certificate of the Registry of such Ship or Vessel shall be truly and accurately recited in Words at Length, in the Bill or other Instrument of Sale thereof, and that otherwise such Bill of Sale shall be uc- terly null and void, to all Intents and Purposes: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether, by the said Provision, every Transfer of Property in any Ship or Vessel is required to be made by some Bill, or other Instrument in Writing, and whether Contracts or Agreements for the Transfer of such Property may not be made without any Instrument in Writing / be it enacted, That no Transfer, Contract or Agreement for Transfer, of Property in any Ship or Vessel, made, or intended to be made, after the flirt

4C z Day

nion of the French King to be employed as a Seaman, unlef* the Conditions of 34 Geo. III.

Cap 4». h? complied with.

Act not to affect, any Proclamation under 13 Geo. II. Cap. 3.

Goods imported, &c. contrary to this Act to be forfeited with the Vessels, &c,

By whom

Goods, &c. for* feired may be ferz'd, ard how F'Kleitures may be surd for and how app ieJ.

On Pmduftion of Certificates of the Nereflrjr of engaging Fo-r ign Mariner*, no Vrflel to be detained, but the Persons authorized to make Seizures to indorse the Cerificare for the Consideration of the Commissioners of Customs.

Notification in the Gazette to be deemed the Conclufian of the War.

*6 Geo. III. Cap 60, recited, and

af er Jan, I, 1795, noTranf. fer of Property

562

in any Vessel to be valid, unless made agreeably thereto.

On Alteration of Property in Vessels in the Port to which they belong, after Jan. I,179^,the Indorsement to be made in a c*r-tain Form,.&c.

Form of Indorsement.

If Vessels be nb-sent fr< in the Port to which they belong, when Alteration in the Property shall be made, the Sale shall fti 11 be made as before directt d, &c.

Regulations for Transfer of Pr perty whrre Owiiers residein any Country not under the Do. minion of his Majesty* -

Geo. III. Cap 34.

Mode of Proceedings when

C. 68. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794

Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall be valid or effectual- for any Purpose whatsoever, either in Law or in Equity, unless such Transfer, or Contract or Agreement for Transfer, or Property in such Ship or Vessel, shall he made by Bill of Sale, or Instrurnent in Writing, containing such* Recital as prescribed by the said recited Act.

XV. And whereas, by the Laws now in force, upon any Alteration of Property in any Ship or, Veflek in the same Port to which such Ship or Vessel belongs, an Indorsement upon the Certificate of Registry is required to be made; be it enacted, That such Indorsement shall, from and after the first Dayo£ January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, be made in the Manner and Form herein after expressed, and shall be signed by the Person or Persons tran.1 furring the Property of the said Ship or Vessel, by/ Sale, or Contract or Agreement for Sale thereof, or by some Person legally authorized for that Purpose by, him, her, or them, and a Copy of such Indorsement shall be delivered to the Person or Persons authorized to make Registry, and grant Certificates of Registry, otherwise such Sale, or Contract or Agreement for the: Sale thereof, shall be utterly null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and such Person or Per-r Tons so authorized to make Registry, and grant Certificates of Registry, are hereby required to cause an. Entry thereof to be indorsed on the Oath or Affidavit upon which the Original Certificate of Registry of such Ship or Vessel was obtained, and shall also make a Memorandum of the same in the Book of Registry, and shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Custoais in England ani Scotland, under whom they respectively aft:

Form of Indorsement on Change of Property.

jgE it remembered. That [I or we] [Names, Residence, and Occupation of the Persons feflingYhzvt this Day fold and transferred all [my or our] Right, Share, or Interest in and to the Ship or Vessel [Namt of the Ship or Vessel] mentioned in the within Certificate of Registry, unto [Names, Residence, and Oc 44 cupation of the Purchqfers]. Witness [my or our Hand or Hands J this [Date in.lVords at full Length Signed in the Presence of

" [Two Witnesses] "

XVI. Provided always, That if any Ship or Vessel shall be at Sea, or absent from the Port to which* (he belongs, at the Time when such Alteration in the Property thereof shall be made as aforesaid, so that an Indorsement or Certificate cannot be immediately made, the Sale, or Contract or Agreement for the Sale: thereof, shall notwithstanding be made by a Bill of Sale or other Instrument in Writing as before directed,* and a Copy of such Bill of Sale, or other Instrument in Writing, shall be delivered, and an Entry thereof, shall be indorsed on the Oath or Affidavit, and a Memorandum thereof shall be made in the Book of Registers, and Notice of the same shall be given to the Commissioners of the Customs, in the Manner hereinbefore directed; and, within ten Days after such Ship or Vessel shall return to the Port to which (he belongs, an Indorsement shall be made and ligned by the Owner or Owners, or some Person legally authorized for that Purpose by him, her, or them, and a Copy thereof shall be delivered in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, otherwise such Bill of Sale, or Contract or Agreement for Sale thereof, shall be utterly null and void, to all. Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and Entry thereof shall be. indorsed, and a Memorandum thereof made, in the Manner hereinbefore directed.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all Cases where the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel shall reside in any Country not under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs and S ucceflors, as Member or Members of some British Factory, or Agent or Agents for, or Partner or Partners in, any House or Co-partnership actually carrying on Trade in Great Britain or Ireland at the Time when he, she, or they shall transfer such Property in any Ship or Vessel, so that an Indorsement cannot be made immediately, nor a Copy of such Bill of Sale, or other Instrument in Writing, be delivered, nor an Entry thereof indorsed on the Oath or Affidavit, nor a Memorandum thereof made in the Book of Registers, nor Notice of the same given to the Commissioners of the Customs, in the Manner before mentioned, the same mfty be done at any Time within six Months after such Transfer shall have been made, and that within ten Days, after such Owner or Owners, or some Person legally authorized for that Purpose by him, her, or them, shall arrive in this Kingdom, if such Ship or Vessel shall then be in any Port of this Kingdom, and if not, then within ten Days after such Ship or Vessel shall so arrive, an Indorsement shall be made by the Owner or Owners, or some Person legally authorized for that Purpose by him, her, or them, and a Copy thereof shall be delivered in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, otherwise such Bill of Sale, or Contract or Agreement for Sale thereof, shall be utterly null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and Entry thereof shall be indorsed, and a Memorandum thereof made, in the Manner hereinbefore directed.

XVIII. And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,- intituled, An Act more effectualh to secure the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws

relating to the Revenue of Customs, certain Provisions were, amongst other Things, made to prevent the Matters of Ships or Vessels from wilfully and maliciously detaining and refilling to deliver up the Certificates of Ships Registry, to the Prejudice of the Owners of such Ships or Vessels: And whereas the good Purposes intended by those Provisions have not been effected; and it is therefore expedient to make further Provisions for preventing the iMasters of Ships or Vessels from withholding Certificates of Registry,* 4 to the Prejudice of the Owners of such Ships or Vessels:' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Matter of any Ship or Vessel, who shall have received the Certificate of the Registry thereof, (whether such Master shall be a Part Owner or not,) shall wilfully detain and refuse to deliver up

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 68. 563

the same to the proper Officers empowered to make Registry and grant a Certificate thereof, on the Owner or Owners, or the major Part of the Owners, of such Ship or Vessel, if such Matter has not any Property therein, or on the other Owner or Owners, or the major Part of the other Owners, of such Ship or Vessel, if such Matter hath any Share or Property therein, requiring him so to do, it may and shall be lawful to and for the Owner or Owners, or the major Part of the Owners, of such Ship or Vessel, the Certificate of Registry of which shall be detained and refused to be delivered up as aforesaid, to make Complaint on Oath against the Matter of the Ship or Vessel who shall so detain and refuse to deliver up the lame, of such Detainer and Refusal, to any Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Detainer and Refusal shall be in Great Britain, or to any Member of the Supreme Court of Justice, or any Justice of the Peace in the Islands of Jersey, Guernsy^ or Man, or in any Colony, Plantation, Island, or Territory to his Majesty belonging in America or the West Indies, where such Detainer and Refusal shall be in any of the Places last mentioned, and on such Complaint the said Justice or other Magistrate shall, and is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such ATafter to be brought before him, to be examined touching such Detainer and Refusal; and if it shall appear to the said Justice or other Magistrate, on Examination of the Matter, or otherwise, that the said Certificate of Registry is not loft or mittaid, but is wilfully detained by the said Matter, such Master shall be thereof convicted, and shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and on Failure of Payment thereof, he shall be committed to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Main prize, for such Time as the said Justice or other Magistrate shall in his Discretion deem proper, not being less than six Months, nor more than twelve Months.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Justice or other Magistrate shall, and he is. hereby required to certify the aforesaid Detainer, Refusal, and Conviction to the Person or Persons who granted such Certificate of Registry for such Ship or Vessel, who shall, on the Terms and Conditions of Law being complied with, make Registry of such Ship or Vessel de novo, and grant a Certificate thereof conformably to Law, notifying on the Back of such Certificate the Ground upon which the Ship or Vessel was so registered de novo.

XX. And whereas it is expedient that the Officers empowered to make Registry of Ships and Vessels, c and to grant Certificates thereof, in case any such Ship or Vessel is required to be registered de novo, should be authorized to require the Production of every Bill or other Instrument of Sale, by which the 4' Property in any Ship or Vessel is transferred\ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as the Property in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects shall by Sale be transferred, in Whole or in Part, to any other or others of his Majesty's Subjects, and such Ship or Vessel shall be required to be registered de novo, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Officer and Officers empowered to make Registry of Ships and Vessels, and to grant Certificates thereof, to require, and he and they are hereby authorized and directed to require, the Bill or other Instrument of Sale thereof to be produced to him or them 5 and in case such Bill or other Instrument of Sale shall be so required to be produced, and the same shall not be produced to such Officer or Officers, the said Officer or Officers shall not make a Registry, nor grant a Certificate of Registry de novo, for any such Ship or Vessel: Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any four or rnoi e of them, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them respectively, if Application shall be made to the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and for the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, of the islands of Guernsey or Jersey, or of any Colony, Plantation, Island, or T erritory to his Majesty belonging, if such Application shall be made to any of them respectively, upon due Consideration of the particular Circumstances of the Case, to give Direction for registering such Ship or Vessel de novo, and granting a Certificate of such Registry, notwithstanding such Bill or other Instrument of Sale shall not have been produced as aforesaid, and such Registry shall be made, and such Certificate thereof shall be granted accordingly: Provided always, That all the other Regulations required by the Laws in fcice concerning the Registry de novo of Ships and Vessels be complied with.

XXL 4 And whereas by an Act passed in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in the Plantation Trade, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, that in case there be any Alteration of Property in the same Port, by the Sale of one or more Shares in any Ship, after registering thereof, such Sale shall always be acknowledged by Indorsement on the Certificate of the Register before two Witnesses, in order to prove that the entire Property in such Ship remains to some of the Subjects of England: And whereas it is expedient to authorize and require the proper Officers empowered to register Ships and Vessels, and to grant Certificates thereof, to issue Registers de novo in any Case where Part of the Property of any Ship or Vessel shall be so transferred, if the Owners or Proprietors of such Ship or Vessel, who were Owners thereof at the Time such Ship or Vessel was last registered, or whose Property therein has not been so transferred, shall be desirous of having a Certificate of Registry de novo, instead of the Indorsiment on the old Register, as now required Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be any Alteration of Property in the same Port, by the Sale of one or more Shares in any Ship or Vessel, after registering thereof, and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Ship or Vessel, who were Owners or Proprietors thereof at the Time such Ship or Vessel was last registered, or whose Property therein has not been lo transferred, shall be desirous of having the Ship or Vessel registered de novo, it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officers empowered to register Ships and Vessels, and to grant Certificates thereof, and such Officers are hereby authorized and required to register every such Ship or Vessel de novo, provided all the Rules, Regulations, and Conditions of the before-recited Act, parted in

11 the

Mailers withhold Certificate! of Registry.

Penalty for withholding Certificates.

Justices to certify Detainer of Certificates, on which Registry may be made de novo.

Where Property is transferred, no Vessel to be registered de novo by the Register, unless Instrument of Sale be produced \

but the Com* m<ftioner« of the Custonv-, &c. may give Dirtc-tions for the Regifiry.

7 and 8 Gul. III. Cap. az.

On Alteration

of Property in Vessels in the fane Port, they may be registered de novo.

564

F'cm March i, ,-'95» °n Trans-

frr of Property to Persons not S ibjeftji of his Majesty, MjPerS of Vessels to ail as herein direct-cd i

and on Failure of Compliance, the Vessels to be deemed Foreign, and not entitled to the Privileges of Oritish Vef-. fell, unless the Commissioners of the Customs, &c. think, fit. See,

On Tramfc of Property, Vessels to be registered de novo within touted Times.

C. 68. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and of all other Laws in force concerning the Registry of Ships and Vessels de novo, be complied with. '

XXII. 'And whereas British Ships or Vessels, the Property of which is in Whole or in Part transferred to Persons not being Subjects of his Majesty, are not entitled to the Privileges of British Ships and Vessels; and to prevent Frauds in the Employment of such Ships or Vessels as British Ships or Vessels, contrary to the Intention of the Laws of Navigation, they are now by Law required, in certain cases, to be g registered de novo; for which Purpose it is necessary that such Ship or Vessel should proceed, with all due Diligence, to the Port to which (he belongs, or to any other Port in which she may be legally registered, c by virtue of the said Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, in order to be registered de novo be it enacted, That, from and after the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as often as any such Transfer of Property in any Ship or Vessel shall be made, while such Ship or Vessel is upon the Sea, on a Voyage to a Foreign Port or Ports, in case the Master of such Ship or Vessel is privy to such Transfer, or, in case he is not so privy, as soon as he shall become acquainted therewith, such Ship or Vessel shall proceed directly to the Port or Ports for which the Cargo then on board is destined,-and shall fail from such Port or Ports to which the Cargo then on board is destined, to the Port of his Majesty's Dominions to which she belongs, or to any other such Port in which she may be legally registered by virtue of the said Act, and such Ship or Vessel may take on board, in the Port or Ports for which her original Cargo was destined, or in any other Port or Ports, being in the Course of her Voyage to the Port of his Majesty's Dominions in which (he may be so registered de novo, such Cargo, and no other, as shall be destined and may be legally carried to such Port of his Majesty's Dominions, where she may be so registered de novo; and if such Transfer of Property shall be made while such Ship or Vessel is in any Foreign Port, and the Master of such Ship or Vessel is privy to such Transfer, or, in case he is not so privy, as soon as he shall become acquainted therewith, such Ship or Vessel, after having delivered the Cargo then on board such Ship or Vessel at the Port or Ports for which it is destined, shall fail from such Port or Ports to the Port of his Majesty's Dominions to which she belongs, or to any other such Port in which she may be legaily registered by virtue of the said Act, and may take on board, at the Port or Ports for which her original Cargo was so destined, or at any other Port, being in the Course of her Voyage to the Port of his Majesty's Dominions in which she may be so registered de novo, such Cargo, and no other, as shall be destined, and may be legally carried to such Port of his Majesty's Dominions, where she may be so registered de novo; and if such Transfer of Property shall be made while such Ship or Vessel is on a Fishing Voyage, and the Master of such Ship or Vessel is privy to such Transfer, or, in case he is not so privy, as soon as he shall become acquainted therewith, such Ship or Vessel, after having finished such Fishing Voyage, without touching at any Foreign Port or Ports, except for the Purpose of Repairs or Refreshments, or for delivering any Part of the Cargo she may have on board destined for such Foreign Port or Ports, shall fail to the Port of his Majesty's Dominions to which file belongs, or to any other such Port where she may be legally registered by virtue of the said Act, and may take on board, at the Foreign Port or Ports last de-scribeci, or at any other Port or Ports, being in the Course of her Voyage to the Port of his Majesty's Dominions where she may be so registered de novo, such Cargo, and no other, as shall be destined and may be legally carried to such Port of his Majesty's Dominions, and every such ship or Vessel as aforesaid shall be registered de novo as soon as she returns to the Port of his Majesty's Dominions to which she belongs, or to any other such Port in which she may be legally registered by virtue of the said Act; on Failure whereof such ship or Vessel shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be from thenceforth considered, and deemed and taken to be a Foreign Ship or Vessel, and shall not again be registered, and be entitled to the Privileges of a British Ship or Vessel, unless upon special Representation of the Circumstances of the Case to four or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or to three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland, or to the Governor, Lieutenant-Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, of the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey, or of any Colony, Plantation, Island, or Territory to his Majesty belonging, as the Case may be, the said Commissioners, Governor, Lieutenant-Governor, or Commander in Chief shall respectively, on Consideration of the special Circumstances of the Case, think fit to order; and in such Case they are hereby authorized to order that the said Ship or Vessel shall be registered, and be thereby again entitled to the Privileges of a British Ship or Vessel, and such Registry shall be made, and such Certificate thereof shall be granted accordingly: Provided always, That all the Regulations required by the Laws in force, concerning the first: Registry of Ships and Vessels, shall in every such Case be complied with: Provided nevertheless, That in no Case of the Transfer of Property, in Whole or in Part, of any Ship or Vessel, in the Manner hereinbefore mentioned, the Ship or Vessel, of which the Property is so transferred, shall be registered de nevo, or be entitled to the Privileges of a British Ship or Vessel, unless such Ship or Vessel shall return to the Port of his Majesty's Dominions to which she belongs, or to such other Port in which she may be registered de novo, within the Period of twelve Months after the Date of such Transfer of Property, if such Ship or Vessel shall not be on a Voyage to the East of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the West of Cape Horn, or within two Years, if the Ship or Vessel is on a Voyage to the East of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the West of Cape Horn, at the Time such Transfer of Property shall take Place, except by the Order of the said Commissioners, Governor, Lieutenant-Governor, or Commander in Chief respectively, upon special Representation of the Circumstances of the Case, in Manner hereinbefore authorized.

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 69. 565

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors.

[11th June 1794.]

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the great Prejudice and Detriment which Acts of Insolvency produce to Trade and Credit, it may be convenient, in the present Condition of the Gaols in this Kingdom, that some of the Prisoners who are now confined therein should be set at Liberty Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thar, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, in any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty within this Kingdom, shall, is and are hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect Lift, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of all and every Person or Persons who, upon the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, was or were under the Terms and Conditions herein mentioned, and at the Time of making out every such Lift shall be really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners, in the Custody of any Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, of any Prison respectively, upon any Process whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Nonpayment of Money; and an Account of the Time when such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were respectively charged in Custody, or received in Prison, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whole Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners is or are detained; and shall deliver the same to the Justices of the Peace, at their first or second General Quarter Session, or General Session of the Peace, to be held after the passing of this Act, or at some Adjournment thereof, for such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty respectively,

II. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of his Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, and Marshal of the King's Bench Prison, and every other Gaoler and Keeper of any other Prison in any Place or Liberty, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such List of Prisoners in their respective Custody, take an Oath, in the open Court of such General Quarter Session of the Peace, or at some Adjournment thereof, to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

J A. £., upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and declare, That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted in the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief, really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody, in the Prison or Gaol of on the

twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned."

Which the said Justices, at the first or second General Quarter Session or General Session aforesaid, or at some Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and required to administer in open Court; and the Words of the said Oath, hereinbefore directea to be taken by the said Warden and Marshal, and other Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison respectively, shall be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the Lift which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open Court; and the Words of the Oath to be taken by every such Warden, Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper respectively, shall be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the Lift which shall be delivered by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively, in open Court; and every such Lift which shall be so delivered in, subscribed, and sworn to, in pursuance of this Act*, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of every such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty respectively, in which any such Lift as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better Satisfaction of the said Justices, and Information of all or any Prisoner or Prisoner? therein named, and so as the same may, from Time to Time, be seen and examined by any Creditor or Creditors, or Prisoner or Prisoners, without Fee or Reward.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Gaoler and Gaolers, and Keeper of any Gaol or Prison, is and are hereby required, ten Days at leall before the first or second General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace shall be held after the passing of this Act for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty in which any Gaol or Prison shall be, or to which the same shall belong, to fix up, in some conspicuous Place or Places in every such Prison, and at the most frequented and usual Gate, Door, or Entrance into every such Prison, three or more true Copies of the List or Lists proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such Gaoler or Keeper at the said General Quarter Sessions, or at some Adjournment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who, on the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, were charged in any Gaol or Prison for any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, which did not amount in the Whole to a greater Sum than one thousand Pounds, and whofdName or Names shall be inserted in any such Lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, who shall take the Oath herein after mentioned, and shall perform, on his or her Part, what is required to be done by him or her by this Act, shall be for ever released, and discharged and exonerated, in such Manner as hereafter is provided.

Gaolers to make out Lists of Prisoners who, on Feb. 12, 179l., and at the Time of making our, were in Custody for Debt.

Lifts to be delivered to the Quarter Session.

Warden of the Fleer, &c. to take an Oath on delive ing in Lifts.

Oath.

Oaths to be ad* ministered in open Court, and entered at Bottom of Lifts.

Lift' to be kept by Clerks of the Peace, which may be examined gratis.

Three Copies of Lift* to be fixed up in each Prison, Ate*

Prisoners on F< b. a, 1794, t r Pcb's under 100 d hose Name- shall he in er ed in Lifts, t. forming to this Act, to be discharged,

566 C. 69.

Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

Justices on Petition of any Prisoner, delivering, a Schedule of his Eflare, tnay issue Warrant for bringing him to the Quarter SeftioAt, &c*

Justices to transmit Schedules to the Clerk of the Peace for In-speflion of Creditors.

Justices omitting for len Days to transmit Schedules to forfeit 10l.

Debtors intending to apply for their Discharge to give previous Notice tlrice in the Gazette, &c.

Debtors to deliver Schedules to the Gaoler previous to the first Notice j

and on Neglect to be remanded to Prison.

Gaolers to atleft Signatures of Schedules, and give Duplicates

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, upon the Petition, of any such Prisoner or Prisoners to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, within his or their respective Jurisdictions, upon every such Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, and, at the Time of his or her so petitioning^ leaving with the Justice or Justices of the Peace who shall be so petitioned, a true Copy of the Schedule, containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn to at the first orsecond General Quarter Session next ensuing after every such Petition, or some Adjournment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any such Prison, within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, to bring before the Justices at the first or second next General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held, as the Case shall happen to be, next after the Expiration of ten Days from the Date of such Warrant, for such respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, the Body of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainer, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes which he, she, or they is or are charged -with in any such Gaol or Prison as aforesaid, at the Time aforesaid; for which Copy or Copies of Cause or causes, such Prisoner shall apply to the said Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison, or to the Clerk of the Papers, or other Person who shall make out and transcribe the same, at least six Days before the Time of his or her Discharge; which Warrant of every Justice or Justices, every such Sheriff* and Sheriffs, Gaoler or Keeper* is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VI. And be it also enacted, That the Copy of every Schedule which shall be left with any such Justice or Justices shall, within ten Days after the same shall be so left, be transmitted by the Justice or Justices with. wrhom the same shall be so left, to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, there to remain and be inspected, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, by any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to inspect the same.

VII. And be it also enacted, That every such Justice or Justices who Avail refuse or omit, for the Space of ten Days, to transmit the Copy of the Schedule, so left with him as aforesaid, to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty in which the same shall have been so less, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; which shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Re- cord at Westminster, by Action of Debt, together with Costs of Suit, in the Name of any Person who shall prosecute for the same; and one Moiety of which Money forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the Party who prosecutes for the same, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall be committid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Debtor and Debtors who shall intend to apply to be discharged and exonerated under this Act as aforesaid, shall first cause public Notice to be inserted in three several London Gazettes, previous to such General or Quarter Session or General Section, or the Adjournment thereof, at which such Application shall be made; and if such Debtor (Hall be in Custody in any Gaol out of London, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, then also in some Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, in the Gaol whereof he or she shall be so in Custody, containing the Name, Trade, and Occupation, and the twolaft Places of Abode, if so many, of every such Debtor and Debtors, and the Prison wherein he, she, or they is or are confined, and of his, her, or their Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, and mentioning such Notice in each Gazette or Newspaper to be the first, second, or third Notice, according to the Time of publishing each of such Notices; the first of which said Notices shall be so mferted in the said Gazette, or in the said other Newspapers, as the Case may require, twenty-one Days at least, and the last of the said Notices six Days at least before any such first or second General Quarter Section or General Section, or Adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid, so that as well all the Creditors who have not charged the said Debtor or Debtors in Custody, as those Creditors who have charged such Debtor or Debtors in Execution, or on Mesne Process, or otherwise, may have sufficient Notice thereof.

IX. And, to the Intent that all Creditors may have full and sufficient Time to consider the Matters and c Things contained in the Schedule or Schedules intended to be delivered in by any Debtor or Debtors \ be it further enacted, That every such Debtor, when he or she shall (according to the Directions of this Act) publish the first Notice of an Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, he or she shall, in such Notice, declare that the Schedule containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate (to be sworn to in Manner as by this Act directed) is lodged in the Hands of the Gaoler or Keeper, or the Depirty of such Gaoler or Keeper, of the Prison wherein any such Debtor shall be confined, and every such Debtor is hereby directed and required to deliver such Schedule to such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, as the Case may be, before he shall publish such first Notice as aforesaid, signed by his or her own Christian and Surname, to be attested by any such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy; and in case any Debtor shall neglect or refuse to deliver. one such Schedule to such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, prior to such his first Notice to be given as aforesaid, he or she, upon due Proof made of such Neglect, to the Satisfaction of the Court to which such Debtor shall make Application, shall be remanded back to Prison, there to remain till he or she shall have complied with the Directions aforesaid; and every such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, is hereby directed and required to attest the Signature of the Debtor's Name to such Schedule, and to receive the same into his Custody and Charge, giving a Duplicate thereof to every such Debtor, with an Acknowledgment of his having received

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 69.

ceived the Original; and he is hereby further required to deliver a true Copy of any such Schedule, signed by himself, upon Request made to him by any Creditor for that Purpose, in Writing, such Copy to be delivered to the Creditor himself, or to such Person as he shall appoint to receive the same, within three Days after Demand made; and if any such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy shall neglect or refuse to conform to the Diregions hereby given him respecting such Schedule, every such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for and recover the same, in any Of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Notices to be given by every Debtor, in Manner directed by this Act, shall be to the Effe£ following; (videlicet J

J [infer t the Name, Trade, Occupation, and two la ft Places of Abode, iffo

A many] now confined in [infei't the Name of the Prfon and County],

and not being charged in Custody, on the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety- four, with any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one thousand Pounds, do hereby give this public Notice, being [insert the first, second, or third, as

the Case may be], that I do intend to take the Benefit of an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Irfolvent Debtors; [and if it be the fiyjl Notice, then add] and I do hereby give Notice, that a true and perfect Schedule, containing a Discovery of all my Real and Personal Estate, hereafter to be sworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any Creditor applying for the same, in Manner aforesaid, to the Gaoler or Keeper, or his Deputy, of the said Prison."

And every such Notice shall be signed by the Debtor, and counter-signed by the Gaoler or Keeper, or Deputy of such Gaoler or Keeper, of such Prison.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such Debtor as aforesaid, not being charged as aforesaid, on the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, with any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, in the Whole to a greater Amount than to the Sum of one thousand Pounds, who shall apply to the General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon Oath, or by producing the said three Gazettces and Newspapers before mentioned, to the said Justices at any such Session, or the Adjournment thereof, that such Notices were inserted in the London Gazette, and other Newspapers, were required in Manner as hereinbefore is directed, and that the Person or Persons so applying was or were actually a Prisoner or Prisoners, on the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, in the Gaol or Prison in which his, her, or their Name or Names is or are specified in the Lift delivered in at any such first or second Session, or any Adjournment thereof as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shall, in open Court, at the said General Quarter Section or General Session, or any Adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true Schedule or Account of all his or her Real Estate, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and also the Whole of his or her Personal Estate, which he or she, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him or her, or for his or her Use, Benefit, or Advantage, is or are seised of, interested in, or entitled to, or was or were in his or her Possession at any Time since his or her Commitment to Prison, with the Names of his or her several Debtors, and where they respectively live, or may be met with; and the several Sums of Money from them reflectively owing, and how the same respectively became due, and are secured, and if by Mortgage, Specialty, Contract, Note, or other Writing, then the Name and Names, and Places of Abode, of the several Witnesses who can prove such Debts or Contracts, (if there be any such,) and shall also make Oath and swear to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

" A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protcfl, and declare, That, on the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, I was really and truly a Prisoner, in the actual Custody of in the Prison or Gaol of

at the Suit of without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever; and that

I have, ever since my Commitment, continued a Prisoner within the Prison of in the atftual

Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the said Prison of or within the Liberties thereof, at the

Suit of and without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever; and that the Schedule now

delivered by me, and subscribed, doth contain, to thebeftof my Knowledge, Remembrance, and Belief, 44 a full, just, true, and perfect Account and Discovery of all the Goods, Effects, and Estates, Real and Personal, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, which I, or any Person in Trust for 44 me, or for my Benefit or Advantage, are feiled or possessed of, interested in, or entitled to, or was or were in my Possession at any Time since my Commitment to Prison, and of all Debts which are to me owing, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me, and of all the Securities and Contrails whereby any Money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me, 44 or to my Use, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me, and the Names and Places of Abode of th^ 44 several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing, and of the Witnesses that can prove such Debts or Contracts [if any such there be], and that neither I, nor any other Person or Persons in Trust for me, 44 or for my Use, have any Lands, Money, Stock, or any Estate, Real or Personal, in Possession, Rever- fion, or Remainder, or Expectancy, other than what are in the said Schedule contained, except Wearing Apparel and Bedding for myself and Family, Working Tools, and necessary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, together with a Sum of Money not exceeding five Pounds, and these in the Whole 34 Geo. III. 4 D 44 not

567

to Debtors, and alro to Creditor! requiring them, on l*er.alry of sol.

Notices to be given in the following

Form;

and to be signed by the Debtor and Gaoler.

Debtors applying at the Sessions, proving Notices were duly infer'.ed,

Sc c.

shall in open Court deliver ia signed Schedules,

and make the

following

Oath,

568 C. 69. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1.794.

not exceeding the Value of thirty Pounds; and that I have not, nor any Body for-roe hath, direch-y or

indirectly, fold, lessened, or other wise conveyed, disposed of in Trust, or concealed, all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stock, Debts, Securities, Contracts, or Estate, Real or Personal, whereby to secure the same, or to receive or expect any Proht>or Advantage thereof, or with Intent to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors to whom I am or was indebted in any wise howsoever.

So help me GOD.*

Schedule ard Ci*ih to be lub-fc ibed in Court, and remain with the Clerk, of the Peace, for Perti-fal of Creditor;.

Court, at the Rrqvicrt of a Creditor, may examine Gaolert cn Oath*

Debtor'* Oath not being disproved, the Court to order his Discharge*

Estate and EffetW-of discharged Debtort hefted in the Cleric of the Peace, who it to assign the same to such Creditor* as the Court flsall dircO, Ac*

Assignee* To get

in Effect and fell then, &c*

Assignee* to make Dividend within three Months; first

And the said Schedule and Oath shall be, by every such Debtor, subscribed in the Presence of the Justices in open Session of the Peace, as hereby is directed, and shall be kept by, and remain with the Clerk of the Peace* Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace, for the County, City, Liberty, Division, Town, or Place where the same shall be subscribed and taken, for the better Information of all the Creditors of such Debtor who shall desire or may have Occasion to resort thereto, and every, such Creditor shall be at Liberty, at feafouable Times in the Day Time, to peruse and examine the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, at any such General Quarter Session or General Session, or Adjournment thereof, at the Request of any Creditor or Creditors of any such Debtor, are hereby authorized to cause the Deputy Warden and Marshal of the Fleet and King's Bench Prison, and any other Under Officer, Tipstaff, and Turnkey of any Gaol or Prison, and any other Person, within their respective Jurisdictions, to come before them, and to examine them respectively on Oath touching any of the Matters contained in any of the Oaths prescribed by this Act to be taken, and the Truth thereof; and if the Oath which shall have been taken in open Court by any Debtor or Debtors shall not be di(proved by good Testimony of any credible Person or Persons on Oath, and such Justices, or the major Part of them present at any such General Quarter Session or General Session, shall be satisfied with the Truth of the Oath taken by any such respective Debtor, then such Justices shall, in such Session, or some Adjournment thereof, adjudge such Debtor or Debtors to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act; and shall order the said Sheriff* or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, forthwith to set at Liberty such Prisoner or Prisoners, without having or taking any Fee or Reward; and every such Order shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, and shall indemnify him or them against any Escape or Escapes, or Action or Actions whatsoever for Escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against him or them.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Trust of such Debtor of, in, and unto, all the Real Estate, as well Freehold and Copyhold as Customary, and to all the Personal Estate, Debts, and EtFeds of every such DebtOF, shall, immediately after such Adjudication, be, and the same is hereby vested in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, of and for the County, Riding, City, Town Corporate, Division, Liberty, or Place where any such Debtor shall be respectively discharged; and every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby dirededand required to make an Alignment and Conveyance of every such Debtor's Estate and Eflfeds, vested in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, to such Creditor or Creditors of the said Debtor as the Justices, at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective Jurisdictions, shall order and direct; which Alignment and Conveyance shall be good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on Parchment or Paper stamped, to vest the Estates thereby assigned and conveyed in the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to the Estate and Interest the Debtor had therein; and every such Assignment and Conveyance shall be in Trust for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every such Debtor to whom the same shall be made, and the Rest of the Creditors of such Debtor, in respect of or in Proportion to their respective Debts; and every Person or Persons to whom any such Assignment and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to sue, from Time to Time, as there may be Occasion, in his, her, or their own Name or Names, for the Recovery and attaining any Estate or Eftc&s of any such Debtor, and also to execute any Trust or Power vested in, or created for the Use or Benefit of any such Debtor, but in Trust for the Benefit of him or themselves, and the Rest of the Creditors of every such Debtor, and to give such Discharge and Discharges to any Debtor or Debtors of any such Person as shall be requisite; and every such Assignee or Assignees shall, with all convenient Speed after his or their accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance, use his and their best Endeavours to>ece»ve and get in the Estate and\Efte&s of every such Debtor, and shall, with all convenient Speed, make Sale of all the Estates of such Debtor vested in such Assignee or Assignees; and if any such Debtor shall be interfiled in or entitled to affy Real Estate, either in Possession, Reversion, or Expediency, the same, within the Space of two Months after every such Assignment and Conveyance, shall be sold by public Auction, in such Manner, and at such Place, as the major Part of the Creditors of any such Debtor, who shall assemble together on any Notice in Writing, published in the London Gazette, or in some Daily Paper, if the Debtor before his going to Gaol resided in London, or in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and if elsewhere, then in some Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place in which such Debtor dwelt before he or she was committed to Gaol, thirty Days before any such Sale shall be made, shall, under his Hand, or their Hands, agree on; and every such Assignee or Assignees, at the End of three Months at farthest from the rime of his or theu* accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a just and fair Dividend of all such Debtor's Eftata and Effedh, which

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 69.

shall have been then recovered, amongst his or her Creditors, in Proportion and in regard to each Creditor's respective Debts; but before any such Dividend shall be made, such Assignee or Assignees shall make up an Account of such Debtor's Estate, and make Oath in Writing, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, Town, Liberty, or Place in which any such Debtor dial have been discharged, that every such Account contains a just and fair Account of the Estate and Effects of every such Debtor got in by or for such Assignee or Assignees, and of all Payments made in respect thereof, and that all Payments in every such Account charged were truly and bona fide made and paid; and Notice of the making of every such Dividend shall be published, in like Manner as a Meeting of the Creditors is hereinbefore directed to be published, thirty Days at least before the same shall be made; and no Creditor shall be allowed to receive any Share of such Dividend, until he shall have made out the Justness and Identity of his respective Debt by Oath, or due Proof, in Writing, before some Justice or Justices; and if any Creditor of such Debtor shall be dissatisfied with the Reality or Fairness of any Debt claimed by any other Creditor, then the same, at the Request of any such Creditor or Creditors so dissatisfied, shall be examined into by the Justices of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place in which such Debtor shall have been adjudged to have been entitled to the Benefit of this Act, at their next General or Quarter Session, and what they shall there determine in the Premises shall be conclusive to all Parties; and if, after Payment of all such Debtor's Creditors, there shall any of his Estate and Effects remain, after Payment of all reasonable Charges, the same shall be paid to such Debtor, his Executors or Administrators.

XIV. And, for obviating any Doubts which may otherwise arise how far the several Powers and Authorities by this Act veiled in or given to Clerks of the Peace may be lawfully done, exercised, or performed by the Deputy or Deputies of the Clerk of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster (the said Office of Clerk of the Peace for the said County Palatine being held by Letters Patent from his Majesty, with the Power of executing the same by Deputy or Deputies)be it further enacted and declared, That all Af-Lignm'ents and Conveyances of the Estate and Effects of any Debtor or Debtors, and all other Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things which shall be done, exercised, or performed in the Execution of this Act by any Deputy or Deputies of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, or by the Person or Persons who, for the Time being, shall exercise and perform the Trusts and Duties of the said Oflice within and for the said County Palatine, shall be of the same Force, Validity, and EffedI in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been done, executed, or performed by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County Palatine o$ Lancaster for the Time being.

XV. And, to the Intent that no Lois may arise to any Creditor or Creditors from any Neglect or Omif- fion in the Schedule not containing the whole of the Estate, Real or Personal, belonging to any Debtor who shall apply for his or her Discharge, under the Authority of this Act be it enacted, That all the Estate, whether Real or Personal, which shall belong to any Debtor or Debtors, and of which he, she, or they shall be actually possessed at the Time of making such Schedule, shall be deemed and taken to be a Part of the Estate contained in such Schedule, though not inserted therein, and shall in like Manner become vested in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as such, to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been contained in such Schedule, and had been delivered into the Court according to the Directions of this Act.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person holding any Security whatsoever, for which the Insolvent never received any valuable Consideration, shall be entitled to receive any Benefit from his Estate.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, ThafiitCafe of the Death or Removal of any Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, in whom the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, or Trust of any Debtor or Debtors shall have vested by the Authority of this Act, every such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Trust shall become vested in the Successor or Successors to every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid respectively, as the Case maybe, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, under the Provisions of this Act.

XVIII. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in Equity shall bcjzommenced by 3ny Assignee or Assignees of any such Debtor's Estate and Effects, without the Consent of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Debtor, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given in the London Gazette for that Purpose.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, of every respective County, City, and County Town, and County Riding, Division, Cinque Port, Liberty, and Place, with whom any Schedules of the Estates of any Insolvent Debtor or Debtors shall be left, and his Successors, Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable Request of any Creditor or Creditors of such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, or his or their Attorney, produce and shew to such Creditor or Creditors, or hisor their Attorney, in the Day-time, the Schedule of the Estate of any such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, which shall be left with any such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or his Predecessor in that Office; and that a Copy of every such Schedule, signed by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, in whose Custody the same shall be, or his Deputy, purporting to be a true Copy of such Schedule, without being wrote on Stamped Paper, shall at all Times be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as legal Evidence of the same; and if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall, on reasonable

569

making up their Accounts and verifying them cn Oath.

Thirty Day* Notice of making Dividend to be given.

None to share till they have proved their Debts.

Reality of Debts may be inquired into at the Sessions.

Surplus of Effects to be paid the Debtor.

Powers of Clerk of the Peace to extend to the Deputy Clerks for the County of Lancaster,

Estates of Debtors not inserted in Schedules to be vestrd in Clerks of the Peace.

Securities without valuable Consideration void.

Estates to be vested in the Cle<k of the Peace for the Time being.

NoSuitin Equity to be commenced without Consent of Majority, in Value of Creditors. Schedules to be produced by Clerks of the Peace to Creditors;

and signed Copies to be Evidence.

Clerk of the Peace refusing to produce Sche-

57°

dulcs, &c, to forfeit toI. and Treble Costs,

A ppV cation of Penalty.

A.Tunees to compound with Lord -of Minors for Copyhold or Customary Estates.

The Debtor's

Riphtonly to be iffrited by this Act.

Mortgages, &c. totake place of Claims of an in-' rior Nature.

Power of leafing Lands vested in Assignees.

The acting Gaoler at the Time of delivering Lifts to be the Person (worn.

C. 69. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

sonable Request as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to any such Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid, oe his or their Attorney, any such Schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the same to be inspected as, aforesaid in the Day-time, on such Payment or Tender as aforesaid being made to himror shall alk or take more than after the Rate of Six-pence by the Sheet, each Sheet to contain seventy-two Words, and so in-Proportion for less than seventy-two Words in a Sheet, or shall refuse to make and deliver a Copy of any such Schedule on being requeued as aforesaid so to make the same, and having the Money tendered to him for Payment of such Copy after the Rate aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, which shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, together with Treble CostsofSuit, in the Name of any Person who shall* prosecute for the same, and one Moiety of which Money forfeited dial), when recovered, go for the Party who prosecutei for the same, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall be committed.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such Time as any Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid shall enter oh, or take any Profit from any Copyhold or Customary Estate as aforesaid, he or they (halt agree a nd compound with the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors of whom the same shall be holden, for the Payment of such Fine or Income as, upon any Surrender and Admission thereto, hath heretofore been most usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such Agreement or Composition, the said Lord or Lords for the Time being, at the next Court, or some subsequent Court, which shall be holden for the said Manor or Manors, after such Agreement made, shall admit such Assignee or Assignees, Tenant or Tenants* to such Copyhold or Customary Premises, according to the Custom of the said Manor or Manors of* whichs the same shall be holden, for and during such Estate and Interest as the said Debtor had therein at the Time of his or her being adjudged entitled to the Benefit of this Act as aforesaid, reserving the Rents*, Duties, Heriots, Customs, and Services payable and to be rendered in respect of the said Copyhold or Customary Premises.

XXI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or affebl any Estate, orlnte-rest, or Right whatsoever of any other Person or Persons, other than the said Debtor, which may be expectant upon or subject unto the Estate or Interest of the said Debtor, hereby vested in the said Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer aftrng as Clerk of the Peace; but that the Estate, Interest, and Rfght whatsoever of every other Person or Persons shall remain, continue, and be saved; to them in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thatnothing in this Act shall extend* or be confirmed to hinder or prevent any Mortgage or Mortgages upon the Estate of such Debtor or Debtors, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments comprized in such Mortgage or Mortgages respectively, nor to prevent any Statute Staple, Statute Merchant, Re* cognizance, or Judgment, acknowledged by or- obtained against any such Debtor or Debtors, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Real Estate of such Debtor or Debtors; and also where any Inquisition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer upon any such Judgment, before such Difr charge shall be given in open Session to any such Person as aforesaid, the Personal Estate of every such; Debtor respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first Place, for- lo much as shall remain.due upon such i Mortgage, Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment respectively, in like Manner as such Mortgagees and Creditors, by Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment would have been preferred to other Creditors of an inferior Nature, against the Real or Personal Estate of such Debtor and Debtors respectively, if this Act: had not been made; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof iivanyw-iie nofcwith-standing.

XXIII. And whereas many Persons who may be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act are seised- and possessed of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to hold to such Debtors for the Term of their natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases and taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such Estates-for one,.

two, or three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of-Years determinabletipor* Lives;

which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Debtors-:' Be it-therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case, all and every the Powers of leafing such. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are or shall be vested in any such, Debtor or Debtors-as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby vested in the Assignee or Assignees of the Real and Personal Estate of such. Debtor, by virtue of this Act, to be by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of all and every, the Creditors of such Debtors as aforesaid.

XXIV. And whereas, in some Gaols or Prisons in this Kingdom, the Office of Gaoler or Keeper is.held in Fee for Life, or otherwise, by Persons who never aft as Gaolers or Keepers themselves, or know any

Thing of the Prisoners therein, but depute or employ some Person or Persons under them, as Gaolers or 4 Keepers of such Gaols or Prisonshe it therefore enabled. That, in every, such Case, the Person who shall, have been actually employed and acted as deputed Gaoler or Keeper of any such Gaol or Prison at the Time of the delivering in the Lifts hereby directed to be delivered in, of Prisoners in any such Gaol or Prison at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, and not the prin- cipal Gaoler or Keeper, (unless where such principal Gaoler or Keeper shall act as Gaoler or Keeper himself,) shall take the Oath hereinbefore appointed to be taken by the Gaoler or Keeper of every such Gaol or Prison*

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 69.

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to which any Prisoner shall be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall oppose hrs or her Discharge, administer and give to the Gaoler, or the Person who abls as Gaoler or Keeper of any such Prison, at the Time of bringing up any such Prisoner, in order to be discharged under this Act, an Oath to the following Effect (that is to say,)

M J A', B. do swear, That was really and truly a Prisoner in my Custody, in the Prisonof

to the beflof my Knowledge and Belief, at or upon the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; and that the Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes of his [or u her] Commitment or Detainer, now by me brought with the Body of the said and pro-

w duced to this Court, isorareatrue Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes of such Detainer or Commitment, without any Fraud or Deceit by me or any other Person whatsoever, to the best of my Knowledge w and Belief.

'So help me GOD."

And if any Person who was Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper of any such Gaol or Prison, on the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or since, shall not happen to be the Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper of any such Gaol or Prison at the Time any such Lift as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the Justices at any such Session,.orat any Adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to administer and give to the respective Person or Persons who shall be Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, and deliver in any such Lift as aforesaid at any such General.or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, on Oath, touching; the Commitments, or Books of Commitment, of any such Prison,.to the Effeblfollowing; (that is to say,)

t A.B. do swear, That I have examined the Commitments, or Books kept of or concerning the Commitment of Prisoners to the Prison of in the TCounty, Riding, Division, City, Town,

Place, or Liberty of as the Case shall be\ and thatl do verily believe that the said Commitments, or Books of Commitment, are really true, and not fictitious, nor calculated for this Purpose; and by them it doth appear that was, on the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, really and trully a Prisoner in the ablual Custody of the then Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper of the said Prison, without Fraud or Deceit by me* or any other Person or Persons to my Knowledge and Belief.

'So help me GOD."

XXVI. And, in order to difrover any fraudulent Entries or Commitments of Debtors in any Gaol Books be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorized, at the Request of any Creditor or Creditors-of any Debtor, to convene before them, at some certain Time to be appointed by rhem, any Person or Persons who was or were Gaoler or Keeper, of deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Gaol or Prison within their respectiveju-rifdiblions, on the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, orat any Timefince; and to examine every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, on Oath, touching the Commitment' and Continuance in Custody of any such Debtor, as the Justices, at any such General or Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, shall think fit; and if any Sheriff*, Gaoler, or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall neglect or refuse to bring before such Justices at any Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, any such Prisoner as shall be directed atxl required by Warrant of any Justice or Justices as aforesaid, or to attend on being summoned for that Purpose, he shall on Conviction fuller six Months Imprisonment; or if' any Gaoler or Keeper attending shall refuse to make Answer and Discovery in the Premises, as shall be re--fonably required at such General Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, he, she, or they so offending-in the Premises, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by and in the Name and for the Use of the Party injured, by Action of Debt to be brought in* his or her Name, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ together with Treble Costs-of Suit.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall, without just Cause, to be approved of by the Justices at some General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, refuse or delay to bring any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid to any such General Quarter Session or General Session, or some Adjournment thereof, in order to his or her Discharge; or shall neglect, refuse, ©rdefignedly omit to insert in any such Lift, the Name or Names of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who was or were actually in Custody in his or their respective Gaol or Prison, on the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver such Lifts as aforesaid; or if any such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said Oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him, or shall detain any such Prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid, or if the Printer of The London Gazette, or other Newspaper as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the Notice by this Act directed to be given, of reasonable Request to him made for that Purpose, every such Gaoler and Keeper of such Prison or Prisons*

571

Court, at Re-quest of Creditor?, toaimi* nifler to Gaoler* the following

Oath.

If the Garler delivering in Lists was rot Gaoler on Feb. II, 1794, he ftiali ta'<e the following

Oath.

Court, at Re± quest of Creditors, mav examine Gao'er* on-Oath Touching Commitments.

Penalty on She- rrffs, &c. difo-beying Oidets of Court, ire.

Penalty on Gaolers, and Printer of the Grzette, for not complyii g with the Reguiaiioot of lb* Ad,

c.

572

realty °n

Gatlers rr jur* ir»g theuilelvct.

Penalty on C)e>lt< the Feate its *ling

to jitvc Copie i of /tdju<iication* of L>ilchirgcj, Sec,

Debtors for-Iwcaring the m* felvei to be deemed guilty of Perjury.

Debtor* dif-char^ed by this Act not liable to Imprisonment for Debt* prior to Feb. it| *79*

tMfoner* not discharged of Debts subse-quest to Feb. i*» *794*

(Vi Tonert who, on Application as Insolvent Debtors, have been remanded back, dec. and who have been discharged with* out their Con* sent, entitled to the Benefit of this Act*

C. 69. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

Tons, his Deputy or Deputies, and every such Printer as aforesaid, shall, being duly convicted thereof, fuScr

three Months Imprisonment.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keep r or Keepers, or any deputed Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison shall, in taking of the afore-mentioned Oaths tori wear or perjure himself, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, (over and above such Penalties as may beinfli&ed on Persons convicted of Perjury,) shall, upon every such Conviction, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs by Bill, Plaint, or Information, or Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at IV>ft?ninjLr, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, by and in the Name of such Person or Persons, his and their Executors and Administrators, to whom any Alignment or Conveyance, in pursuance of this Act, shall be made of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and if no such Assignee or Assignees shall be living, then in the Name or Names of any other Creditor or Creditors who shall sue for the said Penalties, to be applied, one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety towards Satisfaction of the Debts of such his Creditor or Creditors.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall delay or refuse to give every or any such Debtor, adjudged to be entitled to his Discharge as aforesaid, within fourteen Days after such Adjudication, a Copy of the Order of Adjudication, on the Payment of two Shillings and Sixpence, or shall take more than the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for such Copy, or shall take more than one Shilling for an Alignment or Conveyance of such Debtor's Estate or Effects, every such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend, and who shall be convicted at any such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, of any such Offence, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner the Sum of twenty Pounds, as the Justices of the Peace at any such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, shall order, and who are hereby empowered to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace to offending.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Debtor as aforesaid, who shall take the Benefit of this Act, shall wilfully forswear and perjure himself, herself, or themselves in any Oath to be taken under this Act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, she, or they so offending shall suffer such Punishment as by Law may be inflicted on Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person entitled to the Benefit of this Act shall, at any Time hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any Judgment or Decree obtained for Payment of Money only, or for any Debt, Bond, Damages, Contempts for Nonpayment of Money, Cote, Sum or Sums of Money contracted, incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing due before the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, but that upon every Arrest upon every Judgment, or such Decree, or for such Debts, Damages, Contempts, Cods, Sum and Sums of Money, it InaH and may be lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Process issued, or for any two Justices of the Peace, upon shewing the Copy of such Order of Adjudication as aforesaid, to release and discharge out of Custody such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, and at the same Time to order the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or Suits to pay such Prisoner or Prisoners the Costs he, she, or they shall have incurred on such Occafkm, of so much thereof as to such Judge or Justices shall seem just and reasonable; and every such Judge is hereby empowered so to do on such Prisoner's causing a Common Appearance to be entered for him in every such Action and Suit.

XXXII. And whereas, under former Acts of this Kind, Doubts have arisenwhat was to be done with such Prisoners who applied at any Session to be discharged, who owed and flood charged with Debts, as well previous as subsequent to the Day limited by the respective Acts :* To remedy whkhjx it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prisoner or Prisoners shall be discharged of any Debts incurred subsequent to the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; and if it shall appear to the Justices in any Session or Adjournment, that any Prisoner or Prisoners, then applying to them to be discharged, shall (land charged as well with Debts previous to as subsequent to the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, that, in such cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the JutHces to discharge the Person of such Prisoner on account of all Debts incurred previous to the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and to remand him or her back to the Custody of the Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she was brought, for all Debts with which he or she Hands charged with in his. Custody, incurred subsequent to the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person, being a Prisoner, charged in Execution on the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and having before or since that Day petitioned any Court to be discharged as an Insolvent Debtor, and having conformed to the several Provisions of the Laws in being for that Purpose, shall have been brought up, and by the Court before which such Prisoner was so brought up, remanded back to the Prison or Gaol from which such Prisoner was brought up, there to continue in Execution on the Undertaking of his or her Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay to him or her two Shillings and Four-pence Weekly ^nd every Week during such Time as such Prisoner should remain in Execution, at the Suit of such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and such Prisoner so continued in Execution shall have been or shall be discharged from such Execution by his or her Plamriff or Plaintiffs, without his or her own Privity and Consent, subsequent to the said twelfth Day of February

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 69. 573

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four* and before the Day whereon he or flic might otherwise have applied to take the Benefit of this Act, every such Prisoner shall be entitled* notwithstanding such Discharge, to the same Relief and Advantage* to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, which he or she might or could have otherwise obtained by virtue of this Act 3 any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Treble Costs.]

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Escape, or any Act may be Suit or Action be brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace* Sheriff* Gaoler, or Keeper of any PI"ded Prison, for performing their Office in pursuance of this Act, they may plead the General Issue, and give this 1°no Ad in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him* or Judgment upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Scire Facias or Action of may be Debt or upon Judgment shall be brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administra- p!c general. tors, upon any Judgment obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance acknow- c* ledged by him or her, before the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four,

[Treble Costs.]

with respect to Debtors in actual Custody on the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, it shall be lawful for any such Debtor, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to plead generally that such Debtor was actually a Prisoner in such Prison at such a Person's Suit on the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and was or were duly discharged, according to this Act, at the General Quarter Session, or General Session, or Adjournment thereof, held at such Time and Place for such County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Town, or Place, (as his, her, or their Case is,) without pleading any Matter specially 3 and in case any other Suit or Action shall be commenced against him* her, or them for any other Debt, Sum or Sums of Money due before the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, to plead in Discharge of his or Person from Execution* (over and above such Matters as aforesaid,) that such Debt or Suin of Money (as the Case shall happen) was contracted or due before the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, without pleading any other Matter specially; where to the Plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may shew the said Defendant not to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same Manner as the Plaintiff mighthave replied in case the Defendant had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge by virtue of this Act fpc-cially 3 and if the Plaintiff' be nonsuited, discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment on liemurrer, the Defendant to have

XXXVI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, Atto*m or Ser-to release or discharge any Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, or any other Person or Persons acting or pretend- vjnr)fs *bcz‘ ing to act as such, with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall stand charged for any Money, or *x>Muded°ihc Be-other Effects, recovered and received by him or them, for the Use of any Person or Persons, Bodies Corpo- nefito/this Act, rate or Politic, and by any Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person or Persons acting as such, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own Use 3 or to releale or discharge any Servant or Agent, or any Person or Persons employed or intruded as such, with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, she, or they shall stand charged for and on Account of any Money, Goods, or other Effects received orpoflefled by him, her, or them, for the Use and on account of his, her, or their Master or Masters, or Employers, and by such Servant or Agent embezzled, concealed, or converted to his, her, or their own Use 3 any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And whereas many evil-disposed Persons, to support their profligate Way of Life, have by va- Per^Ts obta,n"

rious subtle Stratagems, Threats, and Devices, fraudulently obtained divers Sums of Money, Goods, Wares*

Merchandize, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money, to the great In- teynces> excluded jury of industrious Families, and to the manifest Prejudice of Trade and Credit 3' be it enacted, That no the Benefit of Prisoner, who knowingly and designedly, by false Pretence or Pretences, shall have obtained from any Person this ACty or Persons Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money, shall have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act; but the Justices at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, before whom any such Pri— loners shall be brought, upon due Proof of the Matter made to their Satisfaction, shall remand such Prisoner to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she shall have been brought 3 any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And whereas many Debtors for Rents of Lands, Messuages, Houses, or other Premises have, and Persons re- with a fraudulent Intent to disappoint the Right of their respective Landlords, removed the Stock, Cattle, moving EfTeas Furniture, Goods, or other Effects, which were subject and liable to be distrained for the Satisfaction of the °Qt1hJia^a{lutQ0f 4 said Rents \ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prisoner or Prisoners, who in a secret, clan- Payment of° destine, or fraudulent Manner shall have removed, or caused to be removed, within six Years before the pass- Rent*,

ing of this Act, any such Stock, Cattle, Furniture, Goods, or Effects of the Value of fifty Pounds or upwards, which were subject and liable to be distrained by their respective Landlords for or in Payment of such Rent or Rents, whereby such Landlord or Landlords shall have loft all or some Part of the Rent or Rents due to him, her, or them as aforesaid, shall be discharged by or under this Act, but shall on due Proof of the Matter as aforesaid, be remanded in Manner hereinbefore mentioned 3 any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And whereas many Debtors have, with a View to defraud their Creditors, fold, transferred, and also Person- conveyed, or assigned their Estate and Effects to some Person or Persons, subsequent to their being in Custody Lor afll£n- of Law* or imprisoned under some Process for Debt: And whereas such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance, or

Alignment ditors.

574

GjoUt* to I'cr-mit Prisoner*. *o be spoken with, on Penalty of 40I,

Gaolers m ik'ng *a 1 Entries, &c. t j forfeit 500l.

Deb'or^ tffufing to discover the Trade and Abode of the Person at whose Suit detained, &c. to be excl ided the Benefit of this Act.

Justices may hold a Session for Discharge of Prisoners at or near the County Gaol.

Justices for the Oiftrift of Holland may adjourn to or near ibe County <!aol»

C. 69. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

Assignment hath been fraudulently made, to the infinite Prejudice of the fair and honest Creditor, though sufficient Proof could not be obtained to convict the Party of a fraudulent Design / be it enacted, That whenever it shall be proved by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to the Satisfaction of the Court to which any Prisoner shall be brought up in order to obtain his or her Discharge, that such Prisoner has fold, transferred, conveyed, or assigned, to any Person or Persons, all or any Part of his Estate or Effects, subsequent to the Time of his Imprisonment, without just Caiife for so doing, to be allowed by the Justices presiding in such Court as aforesaid, every such Debtor shall lose all the Benefits and Ad.-vantages that he might otherwise have claimed under the Authority of this Act, and shall not be entitled to his or her Discharge; and every such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance, or Assignment is hereby declared to be null and void.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison shall, and is hereby required to suffer, in the Day-time, any Person or Persons desiring the same, to fee and speak, in the Lodge, or some convenient Room in the said Prison, with any Prisoner or Prisoners, whose Names are inserted in the above-mentioned List or Lists, or London Gazette, or other Newspapers, or any of them, and also fee, in the true and genuine Books of the said Prison, the Entries made of the Name or Names of such Prisoner or Prisoners, Debtor or Debtors, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Suits he, she, or they are or were detained; and if any such Gaoler or Keeper shall neglect or refuse to comply with what is here above required, every such Gaoler or Keeper who shall so offend in the Premises shall forfeit and pay to the Person so refused and aggrieved the Sum of forty Pounds, to be recovered with Costs of Suit, by Act on of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or information in any of the Courts at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, by and in the Name or Names of the Person or Person-. so refused and aggrieved.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Prison or Prisons, shall make or cause to be made any false Entries, in any Book or Books belonging to any Prison or Gaol under his Care, or of which he is or was Gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to be prepared or kept, any Life Book or Books, in order for any false or untrue Entry or Entries to be' made therein, or shall insert in any List to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who was not in a<ftual Custody as aforesaid, (except as in the Oath of every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall be excepted,) every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall, over and above the Penalties which he shall be liable to for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with Treble Costs of Suit, by and in the Name and for the Use of any Person or Persons who shall be prejudiced by any such false Entry or Entries, which Penalties shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at WejhnwjUr^ wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor, being thereunto required by any Creditor, shall refuse to discover and declare the Trade or Occupation, and Habitation or hft Place of Abode of the Person or Persons at whose Suit he or file is or was detained or charged in Custody, or if any Prisoner being called for and desired by any Creditor or Creditors to come to the Lodge of the Prison in which any such Prisoner shall be confined, without some reasonable Cause being made appear to the contrary, every such Debtor, upon Proof being made thereof, before the Justices at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLIII. And whereas there is but one Common or County Gaol for each of the respective Counties of York or Lincoln, which said Counties are each of them divided into several Ridings or Divisions, all which' 4 have several Commissions of the Peace; and if the Gaoler of those Gaols be obliged to carry the Debtors, Prisoners therein, to the Quarter Session of each Riding or Division, the same will be a very great Charge, not only to such Gaolers, but aflb to the Prisoners, in those large Counties;' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for two or more Justices of the Peace for any of the Ridings or Divisions in the respective Counties, (or any other County or Counties where the Prisons are at a Distance from the Place where the Sessions are held,) at the Common or County Gaol thereof respectively, or at some convenient Place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet, and to hold Session there, by Adjournment from their respective Quarter Session from Time to Time for the Discharge of the respective Prisoners therein, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions of this Act.

XLIV. And whereas the Division or Distribl of Holland\ in the said County of Lincoln, is distant near forty Miles from the said County Gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expensive for the Justices of the Peace acting for the said Division to be obliged to travel to the said Gaol for the sole Purpose of discharging the Prisoners under the Powers by this Act given;' be it therefore enacted, That for the several Purposes aforesaid, the Justices for the said Division or Distriift of Holland may adjourn their original Sessions to the County Gaol, or some Place near thereunto; and that it shall and may be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace, adiing either for the Parts of Lindsey, Kejseven, or Holland, to hold such adjourned Sessions for the folc Purpose of discharging such Prisoners; Notice of the Adjournment of such original Session being given by the Clerk of Sessions to such Justices, and who shall attend there to register the Proceedings of the said Court, so far as the same relate to or affcbl the Discharge of any Prisoner detained for Debt in the Division of Holland, and claiming the Benefit of this Act.

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 69.

XLV. And whereas the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Surrey, which shall happen after the passing of this Act, may be in the Country, and upwards of twenty Miles from* any of the said Prisons be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such Justices as shall be assembled at the General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the County of Surrey, next after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby requ'red forthwith to adjourn the said Session to the Borough of Southwark, for the Purpose of administering the Oaths required to be taken and subscribed by this Act, by the several Gaolers within the said County, and for the Discharge of Prisoners or other Debtors, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions of this Act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Debtors and others, who were in Prison on or before the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, in any of the Gaols of this Kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their Fees, Rents, or other Demands, due or claimed as due, to the Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison respectively, or to any other Officer of such Prison, and upon no other Account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she, or they taking the Oath by this Act required to be taken by Prisoners.

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge any Person seeking the Benefit of this Act, with respect to any Debt or Penalty with which he or she shall stand charged at the Suit of the Crown, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other Public Officer, upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person prosecuted for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to his Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties, or either of them.

XLVIII. And whereas, under former Acts, Creditors have been put to great Expences and Trouble in attending every Session and Adjournment during the whole Continuance of the Act, to oppose the Discharge of Debtors clearly excluded from any Benefit under the said respective Acts, but who, after having been before one Session heard, and refused a Discharge, to harass their Creditors, constantly gave fresh Notices for each subsequent Session and Adjournment, of their intended Application to be discharged :* To remedy which, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases whatever the Determination of the Justices in Session or Adjournment shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, unless the Debtor shall, during the Continuance of this Act, get rid of the Objection or Objections for which they refused his Discharge; and that the same may be clear and certain, the Justices are hereby required to state the Objections why such Debtor's Discharge is refused by them; and in all Case$ whatever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices, at any subsequent Session or Adjournment, upon Application from the Prisoner, upon due Proof on Oath made to them, by two or more credible Witnesses, (which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer,) of each Objection or Objections being removed, and on Proof of Notice served, at least ten Days previous to such Application, on the Creditor or Creditors who before opposed his Discharge, and of Notice likewise inserted in the Gazette, in Manner before directed by this Act, to order such Prisoner to be brought before them, and if they shall then be of Opinion the said Debtor is entitled to the Benefit of this Act, to adjudge him or her entitled to the Benefit of this Act; and if a Prisoner, to order him or her to be discharged, he or she taking the Oath, and in all other Respects conforming to the Directions of this Act.

XLIX. And whereas it may happen that several Persons who may claim and be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, are seised of an Estate Tail in some Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which Entail, with the Remainders thereupon expedlant, they have by Law Power to defeat and bar, either by levying a Fine or Fines, suffering a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries, or by Sur- render or Surrenders thereof, whereby such Person or Persons of laid Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments would be liable to the Payment of their Debts, and be delivered up, according to the Terms of this Act, for the Benefit of their Creditors:' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case such Person or Persons so seised as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act, shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever in Law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared, to be seised of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Fee, and the same shall be delivered up to the Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner, in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had actually levied a Fine, suffered a Common Recovery or Recoveries, or made a Surrender or Surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seised in Fee; any Law or Construction of Law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

L. And whereas many Persons who may take the Benefit of this Act may be entitled to sundry and great Debts and Demands of various and intricate Natures, and they may be entitled to Equities of Redemption of Fdates subject and liable to Mortgages, Judgments, and other Incumbrances, or to Rever- fions. Remainders, or other contingent E dates in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or toother i'rusts or Interests in Eftntes, both Real and Personal, which may not be sufficiently described or discovered in the Schedule or Inventory before directed to be delivered in upon Oath as aforesaid, or which may want his Aid or A ffi dance to adjud, make out, recover, or manage for the Benefit of the Creditors:' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Affigpees of the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, or any other Person or Persons duly authorized by them for that Purpose, from Time to Time, to apply to any two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, of Liberty where such Person or Persons shall be then residing, thereby desiring that such Person or Persons may be further examined as to any Matters or Things relating to his, her, or their Eftute or P^ffedls, whereupon such Justices shall fend for or call before them such Person or Persons, by such Warrant, Summons, Ways, or Means as they shall think fit; and upon such 34. Geo. III. 4 E Person's

57 S

Justices for Surrey may adjourn to South* work*

Prisoneei in Custody for Fees, &c. to be discharged.

A & not to extend to Debtori to the Crown or Revenue*

Determination of Justices to be Ana!* unless the Prisoner get rid of the Objec- s tion, dec*

Prisoners seised of Estates in Tail to deliver them up*

Assignees n\if apply for the further Examination of Debtor*,

Justices to ca'l the Persons before them, and

576

way commit them for Non- appearance*

iol pci Cer.t* -

for dMcovering i 'y Ka»t of Debtor's EiDre not r^iopr in Schedule*

Discharge obtained fraudulently, void*

Assignee?, *iih Content of Majority in Value of Creditor®, may compound for Debts, and submit Dispute* to Arbitration*

Penalty on Persons concealing tliaies of Debt, or*.

If AfTipn^es die others may be appointed, Sec,

G. 69Y Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

Performs appearing shall examine him, her, or them, as well upon Oath as otherwise, as to such Matters

and Things as such Assignee shall desire, relating to the Estate and Effects of such Person or Persons; and if any Person or Persons (on Payment, or Tender of Payment, of such reasonable Charges as such Justices shall judge Efficient) shall neglect or refute to come and appear, not having a lawful Lxcufe, to be mads known to such ji dices, and by them allowed, or being come before them, shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer all such Qudlions as by such Judicts shall be put to him, her, or them, relating to the Discovery of his, her, or their Estate or Effects so vetted, or intended to be vetted, in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Ciilcer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or in such Assignees as ate rtsaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to apprehend such dim or Persons ft> offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them to commit ro the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Time as he, she, or they shall submit him, her, or themselves to such Justices, and smivver upon Oath to all such lawful (juedions as shall by such Justices be put to him, her, or them for the Purposes as aforesaid.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Person and Persons who shall, within twelve Months alter the Discharge of such Debtor or Debtors, voluntarily come in and make a Discovery of any Part of such Debtor or Debtors Real and Personal Estate as shall not he comprized in such Schedule as aforesaid, before any Justices aforesaid, shall be allowed after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum Qut of the Net Produce of such Debtor or Debtors Estate which shall be recovered on such Discovery, and which shall be paid to such Person or Persons so discovering the same, by the Assignee or Assignees of such Prisoner's Estate and Effects.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Discharge of any Debtor or Debtors-by virtue of this Act, if it shall hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently, or that any Part of the Oath taken by any such Debtor was not true, then, and in every such Case, every such Discharge shall be void and of none Effect.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful at all Times hereafter for any Assignee or Assignees or the Estate or Effects of any Debtor or Debtors, who shall be chose in pursuance of this Act, by and with the Consent of the major Pait in Value of such Person or Persons Credit tors, who shall be present at ^'Meeting to be held on twenty-one Days public Notice being previously given for the hereafter mentioned, in The London Gazette^ if the Debtor was in Custody in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and if not, then also in some Newspaper which shall be published in the County, City, or Place in or near which any such Person shall have been in Gaol, to make Composition with any Person or Persons, Debtors, or Accountants to such Debtor or Debtors, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable, and to take such reasonable Part of any such Debt as can upon, such Composition be gotten, in full Discharge of such Debts and Accounts; anil also to submit any Diffesence or Dispute between such Assignee or Assignees, and any Person or Persons, for or on account, or by reason or means of any Matter, Cause, or Thing relating to such Debtor or Debtor's Estate and Ef-fects, or to any Debt or Debts due, or claimed to be due, to or from such Debtor or Debtors, to the final End and Determination of Arbitrators, to be chosen by the said Assignee or Assignees, and the major Part, in Value of such Creditors, and the Party or Parties with whom they shall have such Difference, and to perform the Award of such Arbitrators, or of any Umpire to be chosen by them, or otherwise to settle and agree the Matters in Difscience or Dispute between them, in such Manner as the said Assignee or Assignees, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall think fit and can agree, and the same shall be binding to all the Creditors of such Debtor or Debtors; and every such Assignee or Assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the Premises in pursuance of this Act.

LIV. And, for the better Discovery of the Estate and Effects of any Debtor who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act,' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall have accepted of any Trust or Trusts, and shall wilfully conceal or protect any Estate, Real or Personal, of any such Debtor from his Creditors, and shall not, within thirty Days after any Assignee or Assignees shall, in pursuance of this Act, be chosen of any such Prisoner's Estate* udeover and disclose to such Assignee or Assignees such Trust and Estate, in Writing, and deliver up or make over the tame to such Assignee or Assignees, he, she, or they so offending shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and also double the Value of the Estate, either Real or Personal, so concealed, to and for the LT(e of the Creditors of any such Prisoner, to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name or Names of the Assignee or Assignees of such Prisoner's Estate, together with Treble Costs of Suit.

LV. And whereas Provision ought to be made as to what should become of the Estate and Effects of any Debtor or Debtors not got in, obtained, or recovered by any Assignee or Assignees chose pursuant to the Directions of the several Acts at the Time of his or their Death or Deaths, and whole Heir or Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns refuted to act or meddle therein To remedy which, be it enacted, That in all such Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the Creditors of every such Debtor or Debtors to choose a new Assignee or Assignees, in Manner and Form as hereinbefore is directed, and to obtain a new Alignment from the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as jLTierof the Peace, pursuant to the Order of the Justices; and which said Order the said Justices are hereby required and empowered to direct (on due Proot on Oath being made to them of the Death of such former rtaignee or Assignees, and Refusal of his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns to act or med die the rein); and the said Clerk of the Peqce, or his Deputy, 1 own Clerk, or other Officer acting as Cleric of the Peace, are hereby empowered to obey the lame, and execute such Alignment accordingly, in Manner and f orm

on Complaint against Assignees, may remove them, &c.

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 69. 577

as if no former Alignment had ever been made, the said Assignee or Assignees, Cleric of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, hereby conforming to all Orders and Directions made by this Act relative to them, or any of themj and to be liable to all such Pains and Penalties as are inflicted on them, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, for Disobedience in any Part thereof, or Neglect of Duty whatever; and in case any such Assignee or Assignees shall die, and his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns shall refuse to act, that then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to appoint a new Assignee or Assignees, with the like Powers and Authorities as- are given by this Act; and the said Justices shall have Power, in a summary Way, to oblige the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of such Assignee or Assignees, to account and deliver up all such Estate and Effects as shall remain in his or their Hands, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LVI. 4 And, to the Intent and Purpose that the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors as shall be c?urts at We(

discharged by virtue of this Act may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her, or their real

Creditors;' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Courts at Westminster, and the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, and the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham respectively, from whence any Process issued, upon which any such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were committed, or where the Process issued out of any other Court, to and for the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, or of Great Sessions, or Counties Palatine aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions, or any one of them, from Time to Time, upon the Petition of any such Debtor, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Debtor, complaining of any Insufficiency,

Fraud, Mismanagement, or other Misbehaviour of any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any such Debtor or Debtors, to summon all Parties concerned, and, upon hearing the Parties concerned therein, to make and give such Orders and Directions therein, either for the Removal or displacing such Assignee or Assignees, and appointing any new Assignee or Assignees in the Place or Stead of such Assignee or Assignees so to be removed or displaced, or for the prudent, just, or equitable Management or Distribution of the Estate and Effects of any such Debtor, for the Benefit of the respective Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges "respectively shall think fit; and in case of the Removal or displacing of any Assignee or Assignees, and the appointing of any new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors shall, from thenceforth, be divested out of the Assignee or Assignees so removed or displaced, and be vested in, and delivered over to such new Assignee or Assignees, in the same Manner, and for the same Intents and Purposes, as the same were before vested in the Assignee or Assignees first chose as aforesaid; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where mutual Credit hath been given between any Debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance of this Act, and any other Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, before the Delivery of such Schedule or Inventory of the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, upon Oath as aforesaid, the respective Assignee or Assignees of such Debtor or Debtors is and are hereby authorized and required, on his and their Parts, to date and allow an Account between them and the other Party or Parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be vested in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignee or Assignees under such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, as the Estate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them respectively, as and for the Balance of such Account, when truly dated.

LVIII. And whereas many Persons are often committed by the Courts of Law and Equity for Con- Prisoners for not tempts, for not paying Money ordered or awarded to be paid, and likewise for not paying of Cods duly paying Money and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, after proper Demands made for that Purpose, awardei:h 39 4 and also upon the Writ of Excommunicato Capiendo, or other Process for, or grounded on, the Non-payment of Money, Cods, or Expences in some Cause or Proceeding in some Ecclesiastical Court, or for Benefit of this Contempt to such Court relating thereto;' it is hereby declared and enacted, That all such Persons are Act. and shall be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, on and subject to the same Terms, Conditions, and Restrictions as are herein expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only.

LIX. And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been and are now imprisoned for Debt, upon Processes issuing out of Courts of Conscience;' it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such Prisoners shall be entitled to have the Benefit of this Act, and be discharged under the same, provided he, she, or they conform to the Directions hereinbefore prescribed, touching other Prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases wherein by this Act an Oath Quaker's Af-is required, the solemn Affirmation of any Person being a Quaker, shall and may be accepted and taken in l0 be

lieu thereof; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false affirm- t<tkcn* ing, shall incur and suffer such and the same Penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this Act upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

[Act not to extend to Scotland

LXI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Where mutual Credit has been given, the Balance to beflated.

Prisoners on Process of Courts of Conscience entitled to the Benefit of the Act.

C. 70, 71. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

S?8

Ships of War and Privateers taken from the Enemy, not liable to any Duty.

Commissioners of the Customs may order Repayment of any such Duties paid.

Enuring the present War, and fit Months after, the Lords for Trade may, when the Exportation of Corn is prohibited, allow an acdi-th nal Quantity to those specified In 31 Geo. III. Cap. 30, to be exported to (he West Indies.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to exempt Ships of War, and Private Ships or Vessels of War, taken as Prize, from Payment of Duty.

[11th June 1794.]

'WHEREAS Ships taken by the Enemy, and condemned as Prize, with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, (except Sails,) are now by Law subject and liable to Duty on the Sale thereof in this Kingdom, or in case of Condemnation out of this Kingdom, on their first Arrival therein: And whereas it is expedient that Ships of War, or Private Ships or Vessels of War, which shall be taken and legally condemned as Prize, with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, should not be liable or subject to the Payment of any Duty whatever;' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Ship of War, nor any Private Ship or Vessel of War, which shall be taken from the Enemy, and legally condemned as Prize, nor the Sails, or any of the Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture belonging to such Ship or Vessel, shall be charged or chargeable with, or subject liable to pay, any Duty whatever; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Duty shall have been paid according to the Laws now in force for Ships or Vessels of the Description before mentioned, taken since the Commencement of Hostilities in the present War, or upon the Sails, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture of the same, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any four or more of them, in England, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them respectively, to order Repayment of such Duty so paid, and to cause the same to be repaid in such Manner as they the said Commissioners respectively shall judge proper.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for supplying such of the French Islands, as may be in his Majesty's Possession, with the several Sorts of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit necessary for the Maintenance of the Inhabitants of the said Islands.

[11th June 1794.]

WHEREAS by the Conquest or Surrender of several of the French Islands in the West Indies to his Majesty, the said Islands are now in his Majesty's Possession, and other French Islands may be so

conquered or surrendered, and thereby come into his Majesty's Possession: And whereas it is on that Account expedient that Provision should be made for the Supply of such of the said French Islands as may be in his Majesty's Possession, with the several Sorts of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit necessary for the f Maintenance of the Inhabitants of the said Islands: And whereas the Quantity of the several Sorts of Corn and other Articles as aforesaid, now allowed by Law to be exported to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, when the Exportation thereof from this Kingdom is prohibited, is in no Degree sufficient for the Supply of all the West India Islands, including the said French Islands which now are or may be in his Majesty's Possession Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, during the Continuance of the present War, and for six Months after the Conclusion thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Lords of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, appointed for the Consideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, whenever any of the several Sorts of Corn, or other Articles as aforesaid, are prohibited to be exported from this Kingdom, to allow, in Addition to the Quantity specified in the Table (C) of an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn % and the Payment of the Duty an Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Coni exportedJ as therein allowed to be exported to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, (in which the Bahama and Bermuda or Somers Islands are included,) and in the Manner and in the Proportions therein authorized and directed, the Exportation from this Kingdom to the Colonies in the West Indies, specified in the Lid Table (C), and to the said French Islands which now are or may be conquered or surrendered, and thereby have or may come into his Majesty's Possession, the following Quantities of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit; that is to say, five thousand Quarters of Barley, twenty thousand Quarters of Beans, twenty-five thousand Quarters of Oats, four thousand Quarters of reas, five hundred Quarters of Rye, one thousand Quarters of Wheat, six hundred Tons of Oatmeal, three thousand two hundred and twenty Tons of Wheat Flour, nine hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and twenty-five Tons of Groats, subject to the same Rules, Distributions, Regulations, Conditions, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures provided in the said Act* and to be recovered in the Manner authorized and directed in the said Act.

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 72, 73. 579

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Stamp Duties to stamp the Paper used for printing Newspapers thereon, in Sheets of Single Demy Paper instead of Sheets of Double Demy Paper.

[11th June 1794.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, that the following Duties should be paid on all

Books and Papers called Pamphlet Sy*n& for and upon all printed Newspapers, or Papers containing public New?, Intelligence, 01 Occurrences; that is to say, for every Pamphlet or Paper contained in Half a Sheet, or any left Piece of Paper printed, the Sum of one Halfpenny; and for every Pamphlet or Paper,

being larger than Haifa Sheet, and not exceeding one whole Sheet, one Penny: And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, it is 4 (amongst other Things) enacted, that, from and after the fifth Day of July in the Year one thousand seven hundred and tifty-seven, the following Duties should be paid for and upon every Newspaper, or Paper containing public News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made public, whether the same be contained in Half a Sheet or any less Piece of Paper, or in any larger than Half a Sheet, and not exceeding one whole Sheet, over and above all other Rates and Duties by the said Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, an additional Duty of one Halfpenny: And whereas by another Act of Parliament, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, that, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates and Duties following: (that is to say,) For and upon every Newspaper, or Paper containing public News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made public, whether the same be contained in Haifa Sheet or any less Piece of Paper, or in any Paper larger than Half a Sheet, and not exceeding one whole Sheet, upon every Sheet and Half Sheet thereof, over and above all other Rates and Duties by any Act of Parliament imposed,

an additional Duty of one Halfpenny: And whereas by another Act of Parliament, made in the twenty- ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, that, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates and Du- ties following: (that is to say,) For and upon every Newspaper, or Paper containing public News, In- telligence, or Occurrences, printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed or made public, whether the same be contained in Half a Sheet or any less Piece of Paper, or any Paper larger than Half a Sheet, and not exceeding one whole Sheet, upon every Sheet and Half Sheet thereof there should be charged, over and above all other Rates and Duties by any Act of Parliament imposed, an additional Duty of one Half- penny: And whereas the Duty now payable for and upon every Newspaper contained in Haifa Sheet, or any less Piece of Paper, amounts in the Whole to the Sum of Two-pence: And whereas the PapeF 4 liable to the Duties imposed by the said recited Acts is now brought to the Head Office of the Commissioners for damping or marking Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Sheets of Double Demy, to be damped and marked by the said Commissioners, or the Officers employed under them, with the Stamp or Mark provided by the said Commissioners to denote the said Duty of Two-pence upon every such Newspaper as aforesaid: And whereas it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Printers and Publishers of the said Newspapers, if the said Commissioners and their Officers were authorized and empowered to stamp Single Demy Paper in Sheets instead of damping every Half Sheet of Double Demy Paper, and that the said Power, if given, would not injure the Revenue:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and the Officers employed under them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to stamp or mark any Quantities or Parcels of Single Demy Paper, in Sheets which shall be brought to them for that Purpose, the Person bringing the same, paying to the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties for the Time being, or his Deputy or Clerk, the Sum of Twopence for each such Sheet of Single Demy Paper as aforesaid; any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof respeding the said Duties notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That every such Sheet of Single Demy Paper shall not exceed twenty-eight Inches in Length and twenty Inches in Breadth; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for directing the Appointment of Commissioners to administer certain Oaths and Declarations required by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

[11th June 1794.]

WHEREAS great Delays have arisen in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, by the Time and Place in which the Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy, the Declaration of Fidelity* the Oath of Abjuration* and the Declaration

10 Anna:, Cap. 19.

30 Geo. IX. Cap. 19.

I6 Geo. III. Cap. 34.

29 Geo. nr.

Cap. 50.

Single Demy Paper miv he stamot in Sheet* on P\vn*ent of 2 d Dury per Sheet.

Size of Sheet*.

580 C. 73. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

tion or Affirmation of the Effect thereof, are usually administered to Electors; and in many Places it

might thereby be rendered impracticable to receive the Votes of all Persons claiming and having a Right

‘ to vote within the Time limited by Law for the Duration of the Polls at such Elections:' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Returning Offi- Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That,

of'S' ;j froni and after the passing of this Act, when a Poll shall be demanded at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough, Or other Place in England or Wales, or f.!,., a jmini- for the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the Reluming Officer or Officers at every such Election, after such (Ur t he Oaths of Poll shall be demanded, (lnll, at the Instance and Request in Writing of any of the Candidates, under his Allegiance, Arc. or their Hand or Hands, immediately after such Request, and before he or they shall proceed further in talcing the Poll, retain, nominate, and appoint two or more Persons to administer the Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy, the Declaration of Fidelity, the Oath of Abjuration, and the Declaration or Affirmation of the EiFect thereof, now required by Law to be taken, made, or subscribed by V oters at Elections of Mem* hers to serve in Parliament, and to certify the N^pes of the respective Electors who shall take such Oaths-, or subscribe and make such Declarations or Affirmations respectively, in Manner herein after mentioned; and the Persons to be appointed as afore laid, or in Manner herein after mentioned, shall respciitively have full Power, and each of them is hereby authorized and required to administer all and every such respective Oaths, Declarations, and Affirmations to every such Elector who shall desire or be required to take the same Oaths, or any of them, or to subscribe or make the said Declarations and Affirmations reflectively, Persons so jp- previous to his voting at any such Election; and every such Person so appointed as aforesaid fhai), imme* pointed to take diately after such Appointment, and before he shall take upon him to ad under such Appointment, take the the following following Oath: (that is to lay,)

Oath.

Electors to apply to such Persons before vo injr.who shall administer ihe Oaths of Allegiance, Arc. and give Certificates thereof*

Form e^Certificate of taking Oaths,

or of making Affirmation.

Production of Certificate to entitle to Votf.

I Do swear. That I will faithfully and impartially administer the Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy, and Abjuration, and the Declaration of Fidelity, and Declaration or Affirmation of the Effect of the said 41 Oath of Abjuration, to such Persons as shall lawfully apply to me in that Behalf, in order to qualify themselves to vote at this Election; and that I will, on being thereunto requeued, fairly and truly give to 41 every such Person, or any of them, who shall take such Oaths, or subscribe such Declaration of Fidelity, and make such Declaration or Affirmation of the Effect of the said Oath of Abjuration, or either of them, before me, a Certificate thereof, according to the Direction of an Act of Parliament, made in the thirty* fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the Act,] and that I will not give such Certificate to any Person before he shall have taken such Oath or Oaths, or made or subscribed such Declaration or Declarations, Affirmation or Affirmations, as shall be mentioned in such Certificate^ before me and in my Presence

Which Oath, to be taken by the respective Persons so to be appointed, the Returning Officer or Officers at every such Election, and his or their Deputy and Deputies, or any of them, is and are hereby authorized and required to administer.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Persons so appointed shall have taken such Oath, so required to be taken by them respectively as aforesaid, any Person or Persons claiming to vote at any such Election as aforesaid, may at any Time, before he or they shall give his or their Vote or Votes at such Election, apply to any one of the Persons so appointed and fwprn as aforesaid, to take the said Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and Abjuration, or any of them, or to subscribe the said Declaration of Fidelity, and make the said Declaration or Affirmation of the Effect of the said Oath of Abjuration, or either of them, and the Person to whom such Application shall be made shall.accordingly administer the same to such Person or Persons so claiming a Right to vote, and shall immediately upon such Oaths being taken, or Declarations or Affirmations respectively being subscribed or made, sign and deliver a Certificate thereof to such Person who shall have taken such Oaths, or made or subscribed such Declarations or Affirmations respectively, which Certificate shall contain the Name, Addition, and Place of Abode of the Person to whom the same shall be so given; and, in case of Persons taking the said Oaths, shall be in the Terms following: (that is to say,)

A.B. [naming the Person taking the Oath] of [naming the Place of such Person's Abode, and his Addition or Occupation} has taken the Oath or Oaths] of [naming the said Oath or Oaths so adminstered J before me this Day of

And in case of Quakers subscribing the said Declaration of Fidelity, or taking their Affirmation of the Effect of the said Oath of Abjuration, Hull be in the Form following: {that is to lay,)

A.B. [naming the Person fidferibing or affirming] of [naming the Place of such Person's Abode, and his Addition or Occupation] has made and subscribed the Declaration of Fidelity, and affirmed the Effect of the Oath of Abjuration [or if only one of ttioj'e Acts has been dene, then naming such one At1 only] before 44 me, this Day of

And every such Person to whom such Certificate shall be so given, and having a Right to rote at such Election, shall, on producing such Certificate to the Returning Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons lawfully taking the Poll at such Election, be permitted to poll, and his Vote shall be taken and received in

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 73. 581

like Manner as if such respective Oaths, Declarations, or Affirmations mentioned and expressed in such respective Certificates* had been administered by, and made, subscribed, or taken before the Returning Officer or Officers at such Election.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Person or Persons offering to Persons offering vote at any such Election, without producing such Certificate as aforesaid, shall be lawfully required to

take the said Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy, and Abjuration, or any of them, or to subscribe the said Declaration of Fidelity, and make the said Declaration or Affirmation of the Effect of the said Oath of Abjura- draw and take tion, or either of them; then such Oaths, Subscription, Declarations, or Affirmations, or any of them, the Oaths.

shall not be administered by the Returning Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons taking, the Poll, but the Elector or Electors so required to take such Oaths, or to subscribe or make such Declarations or Affirmations respectively, shall immediately withdraw, and shall take the said Oaths, or subscribe and make the said Declarations or Affirmations respectively, before one of the Persons appointed and (worn as aforesaid, in Manner hereinbefore mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time during the Poll at any If the Number such Election it shall be found that the Number of Persons so appointed as aforesaid is insufficient for the of Persons so ap-Purposes aforesaid, and that the Poll is delayed for Want of a sufficient Number of Persons to administer fulfilment such Oaths, Declarations, and Affirmations as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Returning Officer mor. may be or Officers at such Election may, and he or they is and are hereby empowered and required, at the Instance appoiated. and Request in Writing of any Candidate then present, to retain, nominate, and appoint such further Number of Persons, for the Purpose of administering the said Oaths, Declarations, and Affirmations as aforesaid,

and of granting such Certificates as aforesaid, as shall be necessary to prevent such Delay; and the Persons so nominated and appointed shall take the like Oath, which fhairbe administered to them respectively, in like Manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to the Persons first anpointei for the Purposes aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Returning Officer or Returning Offi- Returning Officers at every such Election shall, and is and are hereby required to appoint, find, and provide a proper Place cers to aPP°,nC for every such Person, so appointed as aforesaid, to execute the Duty hereby imposed upon such Person, to ^ki^the which Place the respective Electors may have free Access, without interrupting the Poll, and so as to enable '&E the Persons so appointed to act separately without interfering with each other in the Execution of their Office; and that each of the said Places so appointed shall be open, and attended by the Person or Persons appointed to act there, during all such Times as the Poll at any such Election shall be kept open, and continue at least eight Hours in every Day, between the Hours of eight in the Morning and eight in the Evening, until the final Close of the Poll; and that the said Oaths, and the said Declarations or Affirmations of the Effect of the said Oath of Abjuration, shall respectively be administered to as many of the Electors, being ready, and desiring to take or make the same respectively, as can conveniently take or make the same together, not exceeding the Number of twelve at one Time; and such Returning Officeis shall also find, provide, and deliver to each Person, who shall be appointed by him or them in Manner aforesaid, a sufficient Number of printed Forms of the Declaration of Fidelity required by Law to be made and subscribed by Quakers, before they can be admitted to vote at such Election, with Clanks therein for the Names of the Persons offering to make and subscribe the same to be inserted therein, one of which Forms shall be filled up with the Name of, and subscribed by, the Persons defiling to make and subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity; and such Returning Officer or Returning Officers shall also find, provide, and deliver to each Person wno shall be so appointed by him or them as alorekud, a sufficient Number or printed Certificates, agreeable to the Form hereinbefore directed, to oe filled up as Occasion shall require, and deliver to each Elector so taking the said Oaths, or subscribing or affirming as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Candidates, or any of them, The Returning

shall, three Days at the least before any such Eledhon, give, or cause to be given. Notice in writing to the nr*

Returning Officer or Officers to provide proper Places for administering the said Oath-', Declarations, and PUcrsVn be

Affirmations as aforesaid to the Electois, then and in every such Case such proper Places shall be prepared reac*y lAihe Day and provided, so as to be ready belore and against the Day of Election; and in case there shall not be a of Eieaiun. sufficient Number of fit and convenient Places for that Purpose, at the Town or Place where such Election

shall be had, which the Returning Officer or Officers can conveniently and at a reasonable Expence procure, then the said Returning Officer or Officers shall, and is and are hereby required to cause such Booths or temporary Erections to be made, in convenient Places in that Behalf, as shall be necesfsiry for the Purpose, the Expence of which Booths or Places, and of the said printed Forms, and also the Ail wance and Expences so be Compensation to be made to the several Persons who shall be appointed to administer the said Oaths, De- defrayed by tho clarations, and Ainrmations as aforesaid, for their \ rouble and Attendance, not exceeding one Pound one Candidates, Shilling a IX y. to every oi them for each Day of Attendance, shall be dehayeu and repaid by the Candidates at such Election, in equal Proper.ions to the Returning Officer or Returning Officers who shall have incurred such Expence, and Hull and may be recovered by such Returning Officer or Returning Officers, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Wcjhninjhi\ by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall bee allowed.

582 C. 74. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

13 0e». TIT, Cip. 78, in Part recited s

«d from Sept.

«794j cited Part repealed*

Perfunt keeping Carts and Horici only used to ttrawr in them,

Vo perforin Statute Duty; and Persons keeping a Coach, See, to pay is. for each Hoi fc for each Day's Statute Duty; or pay at herein after mentioned. Three Men to be Tent in lieu ol a Team, if rrqu red, or to pay m lieu there of.

Tools to be l>n ug.ht.

T une of working.

It fulheirnt

Persons be not ient, or if they ate idle, the Owner of Team, *c. liable to 1'cnaltj.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for varying some of the Provisions in an Act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Public Highways, within that Part of Great Britain called England, which relate to the Performance of Statute Duty.

[11th June 1794.]

WHEREAS, by an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways, within that Part of Great Britain called England,

and for other Purposes, Provisions and Regulations are by a certain Clause made and directed to be observed, with respect to the Duty required from Persons not keeping Teams, Draughts, or Ploughs, but keeping one or two Horses, used to draw any Cart or Carts, and also with respect to the Sums to be paid by Persons keeping Coaches or other Wheel Carriages, and likewise respecting the personal Labour required from certain Inhabitants of any Parish, Township, or Place: And whereas, by another Clause in the said Act, Persons liable to perform Statute Duty are empowered to compound for the same, if he, she,

or they shall think fit, by paying to the Surveyor certain Sums of Money as the Justices at a Special Sessions shall adjudge and declare to be reasonable, not exceeding the Sums therein mentioned: And whereas, by one other Clause in the said Act, the Surveyor, together with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments within each Parish, Township, or Place are directed, at proper Seasons in every Year, to use their Endeavours for the Repair of the Highways,

and to be chargeable thereunto in the Manner therein particularly mentioned; and the said Clause aJfb directs how the Contributions in Money are to be paid and recovered: And whereas, by one other Clause in the said Act, the Justices, at their Special Sessions, are empowered to diredfc the Performance of Team Duty, or Labour in Kind, in any particular Parish, Township, or Place within their respective Limits, where they find high and extravagant Prices are required, occasioned by the Difficulty in procuring neces- fary Carriages, or a sufficient Number of Labourers for the Repair of the Highways, and directing the Proportions and Manner in which such Team Duty, or Labour in Kind, shall be performed: And whereas it is expedient that certain poor Performs mentioned in the said Clauses, some or one of them, should be exempted from performing any personal Labour, and from paying any Composition in lieu thereof, in the Repair of the Highways; and it will be convenient that such Clauses in the said A fit, Parts of which are hereinbefore recited, should be repealed, and other Provisions be substituted in the Place thereof, and that the said Act should in other Respects be explained and amended Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, so much of the said Act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign as contains the before-recited Clauses shall be and is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, every Person who shall not keep a Team, Draught, or Plough, but shall keep one or more Cart or Carts, and one or two Horses or Beasts of Draught only, used to draw in each of such Carts upon the Highways, shall be obliged to perform his Statute Duty for the like Number of Days with such Cart or Carts, and Horse or Horses or Beasts of Draught, and one Labourer to attend each Cart, or to pay for the Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments which he shall occupy, according to the Rate herein after mentioned, at the Option of the Surveyor; and every Person who shall keep a Coach, Post Chaise, Chair, or other Wheel Carriage, and not keep a Team, Draught, or Plough, nor occupy Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments, of the annual Value of fifty Pounds, in the Parish, Township, or Place, where he shall reside, shall pay to the Surveyor one Shilling in respect of every such Day's Statute Duty for every Horse which he mail draw in any such Carriage, or shall pay according to the Value of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which he shall occupy, according to the Rate herein after mentioned, at the Option of the Surveyor; and if the said Teams, Draughts, or Ploughs, or any of them, shall not be thought needful by the Surveyor on any of the said Days, then every such Person who should have fentany such Team, Draught, or Plough, according to the Directions aforesaid, shall, according to the Notice to be given as herein after directed, fend unto the said Work, for every one so spared, three able Men, there to labour as aforesaid, or to pay to the said Surveyor the Sum of four Shillings and Six-pence in lieu thereof, at the Option of the Surveyor; and all such Persons as aforesaid shall reflectively have and bring with them such Shovels, Spades, Picks, Mattocks, and other Pools and instruments as are useful and proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and all the said Persons and Carriages shall diligently perform the Work and Labour to which they shall be appointed by such Surveyor, for eight Hours in every of the said Days, within such Parish, Township, or Place, or in getting and carrying Materials in and from any other Parish, Township, or Place, to be employed in the Repair of the Highways of the Parish, Township, or Place for which they Dull be required to perform such Duty and Labour as aforesaid; and if any Person fending a Team as aforesaid shall not fend a sufficient Labourer besides the Driver, (except as before mentioned,) or if any such Labourer or Driver, or the Driver of any Cart required to perform Statute Duty as aforesaid, shall refuse to work and labour during the Time above-mentioned, according to the Direction of the Surveyor, or if any Driver shall refuse to carry proper and sufficient Loads, it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor to discharge every such Team, Cart, or Labourer, and to recover from the Owner of every such Team or Cart the Forfeiture

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 74. 583

which every such Person or Persons would have incurred by virtue of the said Act, in case no such Team, Cart, or Labourer respectively had been sent.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons liable to perform the said Composition Duty, by sending one or more Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Plough or Ploughs, with Men, may be made Horses, or Oxen, in Manner aforesaid, shall and may compound for the same, if he, she, or they shall for Tcam3>&c« think fit, by paying to the said Surveyor, at the Time and in the Manner as in the said recited Act is mentioned, such Sum or Sums of Money as the Justices of me Peace, for the Limits wherein such Parish,

Township, or Place shall be, or the major Part of them, at their Special Sessions, to be held in the first

Week after Michaelmas Quarter Sessions in every Year, shall adjudge and declare to be reasonable, not exceeding six Shillings, nor less than three Shillings, for each Team, Draught, or Plough for each Day; and in Default of their adjudging and declaring the same, the Sum of four Shillings and Sixpence, for and in lieu of every such Day's Duty, for each Team, Draught, or Plough, and for every Cart and one Horse or Beast of Draught two Shillings, and for every Cart with two Horses, or Beasts of Draught, three Shillings, for and in lieu of every Day's Duty.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Surveyor to be appointed by the said Act, together with Proportion* ®f the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments within each Statute Labour. Parish, Township, or Place, shall, at proper Seasons in every Year, ule their Endeavours for the Repair

of the Highways, and shall be chargeable thereunto as followeth; (that is to say,) Every Person keeping a Waggon, Cart, Wain, Plough, or Tumbrel, and three or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, used to draw the same, shall be deemed to keep a Team, Draught, or Plough, and be liable to perform Statute Duty with the same in the Parish, Township, or Place where he resides, and shall, six Days in every Year,

(if so many Days shall be found necessary,) to be computed from Michaelmas to Michaelmas, fend, on every Day and at every Place, to be appointed by the Surveyor for the amending the Highways in such Parish,

Township, or Place, one Wain, Cart, or Carriage, furnished, after the Custom of the Country, with Oxen, Horses, or other Cattle, and all other Necessaries fit to carry Things for that Purpose, and also two able Men with such Wain, Cart, or Carriage; which Duty, so performed, shall excuse every such Person from his Duty in such Parish, Township, or Place, in respect of all Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments, not exceeding the Annual Value of fifty Pounds which he shall occupy therein; and every Person keeping such Team, Draught, or Plough, and occupying, in the same Parish, Township, or Place,

Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments of the Yearly Value of fifty Pounds over and beyond the said Yearly Value of fifty Pounds in respect whereof such Team Duty shall be performed; and every such Person occupying Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments of the Yearly Value of fifty Pounds, in any other Parish, Township, or Place besides that wherein he resides; and every other Person not keeping a Team, Draught, or Plough, but occupying Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments of the Yearly Value of fifty Pounds, in any Parish, Township, or Place shall in like Manner respectively, and for the same Number of Days, find and fend one Wain, Cart, or Carriage, furnished with not less than three Horses or four Oxen, and one Horse or two Oxen, and two Horses and two able Men to each Wain, Cart, or Carriage, and in like Manner for every fifty Pounds per Annum respectively, which every such Person shall further occupy in any such Parish, Township, or Place respectively; such Wains, Carts, or Carriages to be employed by the Surveyor in the repairing and amending the Highways within the Parish, Township, or Place where such Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments shall respectively lie; and every Person who shall not keep a Team, Draught, or Plough, but shall occupy Money to be Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments under the Yearly Value of fifty Pounds, in the Parish, paid in lieu of Township, or Place where he resides, or in any other Parish, Township, or Place; and every Person keeping a Stitu.5e Duty bY Team, Draught, or Plough, and occupying Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments under the cenajn Ptr*uns# Yearly Value of fifty Pounds, in any other Parish, Township, or Place than that wherein he resides, shall respectively contribute to the Repair of the Highways, and pay to the Surveyor of such Parish, Township, or Place respectively, in lieu of such Duty, the Sums following; videlicet, For every twenty Shillings of the Annual Value of such Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments respectively, the Sum of one Penny for every Day's Statute Duty, which shall be required and called for by the Surveyor of such Parish, Township, or Place respectively, in every Year, not exceeding six Days Duty in the Whole as aforesaid; and every such Person Sams to be paid, respectively shall in like Manner pay the Sum of one Penny for every twenty Shillings of the Annual Value of the Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments which he shall occupy in any such Parish,

Township, or Place respectively, above the Annual Value of fifty Pounds, and less than one hundred Pounds, and so for every twenty Shillings that each progressive and intermediate Annual Value of twenty Shillings of the Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments which he shall so occupy, shall fall short of the further Increase of fifty Pounds in every Parish, Township, or Place where such Lands,

Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments shall respectively lie, for every Day's Statute Duty so to be required as aforesaid; provided that no Person keeping such Team, Draught, or Plough, and performing Persons keeping Duty with the same as aforesaid, in the Parish, Township, or Place where he resides, and not occupying Tc^ms\x'c‘ an4 Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments within the same, of the Yearly Value of thirty ^nVhe^iace"' Pounds, shall be obliged to fend more than one Labourer with such Team, Draught, or Plough: Which of Residence,

said several Sums shall be considered as Compositions, and shall be paid to the Surveyor of the Parish, Town- and not ocruoy-ship, or Place in which they are charged, for the Use of the Highways therein, at the Time such Compo- in& Premisei of fitions are to be paid under the Authority of the said Act, or within ten Days after; or in Default of such ^0/ not* Payments the said Surveyor shall make Application to a Justice of the Peace, acting for the Limit or Dif- to°fend° trict wherein such Default shall be made, and the Justice to whom such Application shall be made shall more than oic summon the Party so making Default to appear at some Special or other Petty Sessions, to beholden for Labourer.

584. C. 74, 75. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

Sum? to be deemed Com-portions, and paid 10 the Surveyor, See Justicea to summon Defaulters, &c.

Poor Persons discharge! from Payment of the

such Limit or District, and at which two Justices at the least shall be present, to shew Cause why he has refused or neglected to pay such Composition Money; and in Default of Appearance, or if on Appearance he shall not make it appear to the Satisfaction of the said Justices that he is poor and indigent, and as such is an Object deserving Relief, such Money shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons refilling or neglecting to pay the same, in such Manner as the Forfeitures for the Neglect in performing the Statute Duty are hereby authorized to be levied and raised: Provided always, That when, on Application as above-mentioned, the Justices shall think proper to discharge any poor and indigent Person from Payment of the Rate or Composition Money, such Person shall at the same Time be discharged from any Expences which may arise in consequence of such Summons and Appearance,

Kate .0 be discharged from Expences.

Justices may exempt poor Persons from f'avmenc of the Kate;.

Justices may direct Team Duty to be performed in Kind,

Exception.

Labourers may be ordered to do Statute Duty 00 Payment of the ufoal Wages. Persons to perform Duty in Kind to be Hrawn by Lot.

Recited Act of 13 Geo. III. xcept hereby altered, to continue in foice.

1 Annre, Cap. 2, fccucd*

V. And whereas it may frequently happen, that Persons wholly gaining their Livelihood by the Wages of daily Labour, and occupying rateable Tenements within a Parish, Township, or Place, by reason of Age, Sickness, a numerous Family, or Misfortune, maybe in poor and indigent Circumstances, and it may be expedient, in certain cases, to discharge such poor and indigent Persons.from all Rates, Assessments,

or Composition whatsoever, imposed by Authority of the above-recited Act ;* be it further enacted, That on the Application of any poor and indigent Person to be discharged from the Payment of the Rate or Composition, made to any two Justices of the Peace, at any Special or Petty Sessions, held for the Limits wherein such poor and indigent Person shall reside, the Laid Justices (having first given Notice to the Surveyor of the Highways to appear on the Part of the Parish, Township, or Place in which such poor Person shall reside) shall inquire and examine into the Situation and Circumstances of the Person making such Application; and if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justices that such Person is really poor and indigent, and a deserving Object of such Relief, the said Justices may, and they are hereby empowered to exempt such poor and indigent Person from the Payment of all Rates, Assessments, or Composition what-soever, imposed by the said recited Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Justices, at their Special Sections, to be held in the Week next after Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, or at any other Special or Petty Sessions, held within the Limits of any Parish, Township, or Place, at which two or more Justices shall be present, that, from the Directions hereinbefore given for the performing and compounding the Statute Duty, there will be Difficulty in procuring the necessary Carriage, or a sufficient Number of Labourers for the Repair of the Highways, in any particular Parish, Township, or Place within their respective Limits, without paying high and extravagant Prices for the same, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to order and direct the Team Duty, or so much thereof as they shall think fit, to be performed in Kind within every such Parish, Township, or Place, except in respect of such Teams as belong to Persons who do not occupy Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments of the Annual Value of thirty Pounds within the same, and also to order all such Persons as shall gain their Living by the Wages of daily Labour, or such Part of them as they shall think fit, to perform six Days Labour upon such Highways in Kind, either by themselves or other sufficient Labourers, in case so many Days Duty shall be required, upon being paid for such Labour the usual and customary Wages given to Labourers in such Parish, Township, or Place; provided that if Part of such Teams or Labourers only are required, it shall be directed by the said Order of the Justices in some given Proportion, as one half, third, or fourth Part thereof; and the Surveyor shall, in that Case, at a public Vestry for such Parish, Township, or Place, put the Names of all the Persons liable by this Act to fend such Teams, into one Hat or Box, and the Names of all the Persons liable to perform such Labour into another Hat or Box, and some Inhabitant then present shall draw out such Num-: her from each as shall be equal to the Proportion so ordered by the said Justices, and the Persons so drawn shall perform such Duty in Kind for that Year and that if any such Order shall be made or continued in the subsequent Year, the same Method shall be observed, but the Names drawn in the preceding Year shall not be put into such Hat or Box; and in every succeeding Year such Method and Regulation shall be observed by such Surveyor, as to render the Duty so required to be performed in Kind, as equal amongst the several Persons liable thereto as may be; which Order of the said Justices, so far as the same shall be extended, shall supersede the said Power or Liberty of compounding, and shall be binding and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall continue in force until it shall be discharged or varied by the Justices at some subsequent Special Sections for the Highways within such Limit, to be held in the Week next after Michaelmas Quarter Sessions; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Powers, and Provisions contained in the said Act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (except such as are hereby repealed or altered) shall continue in force, in the same Manner as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents.

[11th June 1794.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for the better Management of the Land Revenues of the Crown, within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer in England: And whereas by an Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, (intituled, An Act for the better Support of

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III.

her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown^) it was (amongst other Things) 4 enabled* and declared, that all and every Grant, Lease, or other Assurance which, from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and two, should be made or granted by the said Queen, her Heirs or Successors, Kings or Queens of this Realm, under any of the Seals therein mentioned, or by Copy of Court Roll, or otherwise howsoever, of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, Woods, or other Hereditaments, (Advowsons of Churches and Vicarages only excepted,) to any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate whatever, whereby any Estate or Interest should pass from the said Queen, her Heirs or Successors, should be utterly void and of none Effect, unless the same should be made for Tome Term or Estate not exceeding thirty-one Years, or three Lives, and unless there should be reserved, by such Grants, Leases, or Assurances, fuel) Rents as in the said Act are expressed; in which said Act is contained a Proviso, that where the greatest Part of the Yearly Value of any Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to the said Queen, her Heirs and Successors, should at the Time of making any Lease or Grant thereof consist of the Building or Buildings thereupon, which might want to be repaired or re-edified, in every such Case to encourage the Rebuilding or Reparation thereof, it was de- dared and enacted, that it should be lawful for the said Queen, her Heirs and Successors, at any Time after the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and two, to demise or grant such Tenements or Hereditaments to any Person or Persons for any Term or Estate, so as such Term and Estate did not exceed fifty Years, or three Lives, and so as such Lease or Grant should be made to commence from the Date or making thereof; or if such Grant or Lease should be made to take Eftebl in Reversion or Expectancy, that then the same, together with the Estate or Estates in Poffdfion of and in the same Tenements or Hereditaments, should not exceed fifty Years, or three Lives from the Date or making thereof as aforesaid, and io as the same should not be made difpunishableofWafte, and foas there should be reserved

and payable upon every such Lease or Grant, during such Term, not exceeding fifty Years, or three Lives, as much Rent as was by the said Abl required to be reserved for the same Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, in case of a Lease not exceeding one and thirty Years or three Lives, and not otherwise: And whereas, the better to encourage the erecting of large substantial Houses and other Buildings upon the Lands of the Crown within the Ordering and Survey aforesaid, and for the Improvement of the Revenue arising therefrom, it is expedient that the Powers in and by the said Abl contained and given for demifing and granting any Tenements or Hereditaments of the Description last aforesaid should be enlarged, and further Provision made for securing an Improvement and Increase of the Rents to be in future paid or reserved in respect thereof:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Proviso in the said Act of the first Year of Queen Anne contained, sofar as the same is contrary to any of the Provisions in this Act, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that all and every Lease or Grant which, after the passing of this Act, shall be made or passed under the Great Seal, or the Seal of the Exchequer, of any Tenements or Hereditaments whereof the greatest Part of the Yearly Value shall consist of the Buildings thereupon, or of any Land or Ground which shall be set apart or appropriated for Buildings, by force and virtue of this Act, and where the Lessee or Grantee, Lessees or Grantees, shall agree and covenant to erebl Buildings thereon of greater Yearly Value than the Land or Ground so to be leased or granted, shall be made for such Term, Estate, and Interest, and in such Manner as by this Act is directed, and not otherwise, or in other Manner; and if any Lease or Grant shall be made of any such Tenements or Hereditaments, Land or Ground, contrary to the Authority and Directions of this Act, the same shall be utterly void and of none Effect; any Thing in the said Act of the first Year of Queen Anne contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affebl any subsisting Lease or Grant already made by the Crown, under and by virtue of the said recited Act, but that such Lease or Grant shall remain and be in as full Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Land or Ground belonging or hereafter to belong to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, within the Ordering and Survey aforesaid, shall be deemed, by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, fit and proper for the Erection of Houses or other Buildings thereupon, or for necessary Gardens, Yards, Curtilages, and other Appurtenances, to be used and enjoyed therewith, and shall be by their Order directed to be reserved or set apart and appropriated to that Use, and where the Lessee or Grantee, Lessees or Grantees, shall agree and covenant to erebl Buildings thereon of greater Yearly Value than the Land or Ground so to be leased or granted, or where the greatest Part of the Yearly Value o( any Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors as aforesaid, doth or shall, at the Time of making any Lease or Grant thereof, consist of any Building or Buildings-thereupon, in all and every or any of such cases, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to demise or grant the Land or Ground To directed to be set apart as aforesaid, or the Tenements or Hereditaments of the Description last aforesaid respectively, to any Person or Persons, or to any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Seal of the Exchequer, for any Term or Estate, so as such Term or Estate do not exceed ninety-nine Years, or three Lives, to be computed from the Date or making of any such Lease or Grant respectively; or if any such Lease or Grant be made to take Effect in Reversionary * or Expectancy, then that the 'Perm and Estate thereby to be granted, together with the Term or Estate, Terms or Estates, in Possession of and in the same Land and Ground, Tenements and Hereditaments respectively, shall not exceed ninety-nine Years, or three Lives, computed from the Date or making thereof as aforesaid \ and so as the respective Rents herein-

S3

J

Clause 6 of recited Act, sofar as contrary to this Act, repealed.

Act not to affect subsisting Leases or Grants.

His Majesty rr.ay grant Land for building, for 99 Years or three Lives, where >he Lessees agree to makr Erections of greater Yearly Va'uc than the Land, or where the greatest Part of the Yearly Value of the Premises cwn-fifU of Build, ings, &c.

On every Grant (except herein excepted) An-ftoxl Renta to be refereed, with* o»t uk:.ng any Fii»e,&c.

0r*nta Hot to jbe renewed until within a certain Number of Yeira prior to their txpiratior.j

Kept in Cases herein specified.

C. 75. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

after specified be reserved for the same, (that is to say,) where there shall happen to be any substantul Building or Buildings upon the Ground to be demised, or that the Building or Buildings thereupon shall not require, or not be intended and agreed to be rebuilt, there shall be reserved to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an Annual Rent or Rents not being less than two-third Parts of such Annual Sum as shall bedrtmed by the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, a reasonable Rent or Consideration for such Building or Buildings and Ground respectively, for the Term and Estate intended to be granted of and in the same; and so as there be paid to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Fine or Fines to the Amount of the remaining Part of such Annual Sum as aforesaid, subjectoa Discount, which shall not be computed at a higher Rate than the highest legal Rate of Interest at the Time of making any such Grant or Lease; and when there shall happen to be no substantial Building upon the Land or Ground to be demised, or that the Building or Buildings thereupon require, or shall be intended and agreed to be forthwith rebuilt, or other new Buildings to be erected upon such Land or Ground, then, and in that Case, there shall be reserved such Annual Rent or Rents as shall be deemed, by the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to be a reasonable Rent or Consideration for such Land or Ground and old Buildings respectively, for the Term and Estate intended to be granted of and in the same, without taking any Fine for the same; and so as in everjr Lease or Grant of Land or Ground and Buildings of the Description last aforesaid, there be contained a Covenant or Condition on the Part of the Lessee or Grantee, for the erecting of proper and substantial Houses or other Buildings thereon, within a reasonable Time, to be in each Case limited for that Purpose, and such other Covenants for keeping Buildings in Repair, and doing all such other Acts as the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being shall think reasonable; and so as all and every such Rent and Rents be reserved to be paid, free and clear of all Manner of Taxes and Assessments whatsoever, for and during the Whole of the Term or Terms to be granted or demised, except such Rent, or such Part thereof, during such Part of such Term or Terms as the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall in any Case think fit and expedient to be allowed, not exceeding in any Case the Term of three Years; and so as every such Grantee or Lessee, Grantees or Lessees, shall and do duly sign, seal, and deliver a Counterpart or Counterparts of his, her, or their respective Grant or Lease, Grants or Leases, which Counterparts shall not be subject to any Stamp Duty; and that all and every such Grants and Leases so made as aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law; any Thing contained in the said Act of the first of Queen Anne, or in any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on every Grant, Lease, or other Afliir-ance which shall be made or granted by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under the Great Seal, or Seal of the Exchequer, or either of them, of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, W oods, or other Hereditaments, (Ad vowfons of Churches and V icarages, and such Tenements and Grounds, with Edifices or Buildings creded thereon, as are hereby authorized to be granted for any Term not exceeding ninety-nine Years or three Lives, and whereon any Fine or Fines shall be payable as aforesaid, only exceptecf,) within the Kingdom of England and Dominion of Wales, or any of them, or any Part thereof, now belonging, or hereafter to belong to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and being within the Ordering and Survey aforesaid, inPossession, Reversion, Remainder, Use, or Expectancy to any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, whereby any Estate or fnterest whatever, in Law or Equity, shall or may pass from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, there shall be reserved such clear Annual Rent or Rents as shall be deemed by the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to be a reasonable Rent or Consideration for such Grant or Lease, without taking any Fine for the same; and such Rent or Rents shall be made payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during the whole Terra or Time of the Continuance thereof respectively; and no such Lease or Grant, Leases or Grants, shall be good or effectual in the Law, unless the Grantee or Lessee, Grantees or Lessees therein, do and shall duly sign, seal, and deliver a Counterpart or Counterparts of his, her, or their respective Grantor Lease, Grants or leases, so maefc as aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, which Counterparts shall not be subject to any Stamp Duty.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to renew apy Lease or Grant of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, Woods, or other Hereditaments now belonging or hereafter to belong to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, within the Ordering and Survey aforesaid, for any Term of Years whatever, until within five Years of the Period of the Expiration of the same, except such Tenements and Hereditaments as are hereby authorized to be granted for any Term not exceeding ninety- nine Years, nor to renew any Grant or Lease c-f any such Tenements or Hereditaments as are hereby authorized to be granted for such Term not exceeding ninety-nine Years, until within twenty Years of the Period of the Expiration of the same, nor any Lease or Gram for Lives, so long as there shall be more than one of such Lives in being, except in the Cases herein after mentioned.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, that any Persons oi* Person have or has, at any Time before the passing of this Act, entered into any Covenants or Engagements to obtain Renewals of Leases at earlier Periods, in Confidence that the same could be renewed according to the ordinary Practice in such cases, it shall be lawful in such Cases to renew any Lease or Grant at a greater Distar.ce of Time from the Period of the Expiration thereof, so as to enable such Person or Persons to perform such Covenants or Engagements; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also. That if any Person or Persons shall be the Lessee or Lessees of any Tithes of any Lands, or of any otter Profits issuing out of any Lands, and shall be also ihe Owner or Owners of, or interested in such Lands,

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 75.

it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to order a Renewal of Leaies of such Tithes or other Profits, at such Times as shall appear to them convenient for the most beneficial Enjoyment of such Tithes or other Profits, together with such Lands respectively: Provided also, That if it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, that any Persons or Person having any Lease of any Lands belonging to his Majesty have or has, before the passing of this Act, made any Demise of such Lands, or entered into any Agreement to demise the same, for the Purpose of improving the same by building, and have or has entered into any Covenants or Engagements, in consequence whereof such Persons or Person would, by reason of the Improvements so made, be bound to pay, upon the Renewal of any Lease or Grant of such Lands, more than such Persons or Person would be entitled to receive from the Under Lessees or Lessee thereof, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to make a just Abatement in the Rent and Fine to be reserved and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in consequence of such Improvement, and that such Lease or Grant as shall be made (Regard being had to such Circumstances) shall be good and effectual; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That where any Wastes, Commons, or other unenclosed Lands or Grounds, within the Ordering and Survey aforesaid, in which his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, has or shall have any Interest, shall be deemed fit and proper to be divided, enclosed, drained, or otherwise improved, and shall be, by Authority of Parliament or otherwise, authorized and directed to be divided and enclosed, or where any Lands or Grounds belonging to and held under any Lease or Grant from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or from any of his Majesty's Royal Predecessors, under the Great Seal, or Seal of the Exchequer, shall be deemed, by the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, fit and expedient to be planted and appropriated to the Growth of Wood or Timber, or any Farm House, or other substantial Building, to be erected for the better Management and Improvement of any Lands or Grounds, or any Pits, Shafts, Levels, Watercourses, Engines, or other Works, to be digged, sunk, erected, or made for the better and more advantageous working of any Mines, Quarries, or Collieries belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and held as aforesaid, and where the Term or Estate in Possession of and in the same respectively shall be deemed, by the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to be insufficient to repay the Costs and Charges of such Works and Improvements, with reasonable Profit and Advantage to the Parties making or causing the same to be made, or to their Representatives or Assigns, in all and every such Case and Cases it shall and may be lawful, at any Time or Times hereafter, to renew any such Lease, or to grant any further or other Lease of any such Lands or Grounds, Mines, Quarries, or Collieries, or any Part thereof, for any Term or Estate, not exceeding the Terms or Estates authorized to be granted of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of such or the like Descriptions, by the said Act of the first Year of Queen Anne, or by this Act; and that where any Houses or other Buildings shall require, or shall be intended and agreed to be rebuilt, or any new Houses or other Buildings to be erected, or where any Houses or other Buildings have been, at any Time before the passing of this Act, erected upon any Land or Ground belonging to, and held under, any Lease or Grant, whereof the Term or Estate in Possession at the Time of erecting such Houses or other Buildings respectively shall be deemed, by the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to be insufficient to repay the Cost and Charges of erecting such Houses or Buildings, with reasonable Profit and Advantage to the Parties erecting or causing the same to be erected, or to their Representatives or Afi-(igr.s, in all and every such Case and Cases it shall and may be lawful, at any Time or Times hereafter, to grant any further or other Lease of any such Houses or other Buildings, and Land or Ground respectively, for any Term or Estate, not exceeding the Terms and Estates hereby authorized to be granted; provided that in every such Lease there be reserved and made payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, such Rent or Rents as is or are hereby required to be reserved, and that Covenants or Conditions be inserted therein, on the Part of the respective Grantees or Lessees, for eredhng such new Houses or other Buildings, and performing such'respective Works and Improvements, at the Costs and Charges of such Grantees or Lessees, within a reasonable Time, to be in each Case limited and appointed for that Pupose, where such Houses or other Buildings, or such Works and Improvements, shall not have been previousty erected, made, or performed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before the making of any Grant or Lease under the Great Seal, or Seal of the Exchequer, of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, "T ithes, Woods, or other Hereditaments now belonging, or hereafter to belong, to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, within the Ordering and Survey aforesaid, a Survey of the Premises, where the same shall be capable of such Survey, and an Estimate of the improved Annual Value thereof, shall be had and made by such able and practical Surveyors of Land or of Houses (according to the Nature of the Case) as shall be named for that Purpose, by or under the Order and Direction of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or of the Surveyor* General of the Land Revenues of the Crown for the Time being, which said Surveyors of Land or of Houses shall certify, by their Reports in Writing under their Hands, what in their Judgment is or are the true and fair improved Annual Worth or Value of the respective Estates so by them surveyed and valued, clear of all Taxes, Assessments, and Reprizes whatever; and where the greatest Part of the Value thereof shall consist of the Building or Buildings thereon, or of Ground set apart and appropriated for Building, the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall certify the true and fair Annual Worth or Value of the respective Buildings, Land, or Ground clear of all Contributions for the Expences of building of Party Walls3 or repairing the same, and of repairing, and keeping in Repair,.

587

Abatement t,f Rent and Fin: may be. rrndr :n certain Cales,

Wades, &c. for Improvement, Lands for the Gmwth of Wood, See may be renewed agreeable to recited or this Act*

Where Housej, &c. are to be rebuilt, &c. further Leases may be gran'ed.

Before my Grant is made, a Survey of the Pre-mi fe«, and an Estimate of the improved Annual Value, to be made and certified by the Surveyor, See*

588

An Oath to be annexed to each Survey.

Form of Oath*

Oath to be filed.

Leafet of Pre-rri I .* of a fix-d 'Value See. may be renewed without Survey.

a6 Geo. III. Cap. 87) and 30 Geo III. Cap. 50, recited j and from 0$. 10, 1794, the Surveyor General may contract for the Sale of Fee Farm Ren'ty&c. rot disposed of under them.

Bank to open as Account for Monies paid.

Surveyor Geneva! to grant Cer-titrates of the Money to be said, which is to be received at the Bank, and Receipts givrn on the Certificates, which be-

C. 75. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

the respective Buildings, (as the Case may be,) and also of all Taxes, Aflldinents, and Reprizes whatever, and also what is or shall then appear to be the true Stare and Condition of such Buildings, in point of their Repair, Strength, and Durability; and also for what Term of Years it Hull appear to him or them to be most beneficial for the Interest of the Crown to grant such Buildings or Ground respectively, Regard being had to the Quality and Condition of the Buildings then Handing upon such Ground, and of the Buildings proposed to be erected thereon; and every Person who shall be employed to make Surveys and Estimates, or Valuations, of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, Woods, or other Hereditaments as aforesaid, in consequence of Applications for Grants or Renewals of Leases thereof, shall annex to each Survey and Estimate, or Valuation, an Oath (or, being of the People called Quakers, an Affirmation) taken and subscribed by him before a Justice of the Peace in any County, City, or Liberty within this Kingdom, the Tenor whereof shall be as follows:

I A.B. do swear, [or, being a Quaker, do solemnly affirm,] That the Survey or Account hereto annexed was faithfully and impartially made by me; that the Value of the Property of the Crown therein contained is justly estimated therein, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment; and that all the Particulars dated in the said Survey or Account are true, to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief.

So help me GOD."

Which Oath or Affirmation, so taken and subscribed, shall be filed with the Survey and Estimate in the proper Office for depositing the same.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Tenements or Hereditaments, of which a Lease or Grant may be applied for, shall happen to be of a known, fixed, and unimprovable Value, or where the Nature of such Tenements or Hereditaments, or the Circumstances relative thereto, the Annual Worth or Value thereof cannot be known or ascertained by the Means of a Survey or Inspection thereof, or where the Value of such Tenements or Hereditaments shall be previously known to be so small or inconsiderable that it shall not be deemed expedient to incur the Expence of taking a Survey thereof, in any such Case it shall and may be lawful to grant or renew a Lease of such Tenements or Hereditaments, without causing a Survey or Estimate to be previously made thereof, if the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury shall so order and direct.

X. And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled An Aid for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the State and Condition of the WooJs^ rorejhy and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown; and to fell or alienate Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents) \ and by another Act, made in the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (intituled An 4 Ail to continue and amend an Ail, made in the twenty six ih Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

44. An Act for appointing Commissteners to inquire into the State and Condition of the Woods ForeJtSy and Land

45 Revenues belonging to the Crown; and to Jell or alienate Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents f) it was (among other Things) enacted, that it should and might be lawful for the Commissioners named in, or to be appointed under the Authority of the said Acts, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any Fee Farm Rents, Rents Services, Rents Seek, Quit Rents, Chauntry Rents, Guild Rents, Castle Guard Rents, Viscontial Rents, and other dry, fixed, and unim- provable Rents due and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, within the Survey and Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, at or for the best Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Commissioners should be able to procure, not being less than after the several Rates of Purchase therein mentioned: And whereas the Whole of the said Rents were not sold or disposed of previous to the Expiration of the said Acts :* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown now or for the Time being, to contrail and agree with any Person or Persons, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any Fee Farm Rents, Rents Services, Rents Seek, Chauntry Rents, Castle Guard Rents, Viscontial Rents, and other dry, fixed, and unimprovable Rents, except Quit Rents and Copyhold Rents (landing in Charge as Parcel of or belonging to any Manor or reputed Manor, due and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in England or in Wales, within the Survey and Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, at or for the best Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Surveyor General shall be able to procure for the same, and which shall be approved of by the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, not being less than the several Rates of Purchase enacted and provided by the said recited Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

XI. And, for facilitating the Conveyance of the aforesaid Rents to the respective Purchasers thereof, be it further enacted, That the Governor and Directors of the Bank of England shall, and they are hereby required to open an Account in their Books, under the Title of An Account of the Sale of Fee Farm Rents, and carry to the Credit of such Account the several Monies by this Act directed to be paid to the Cashiers of tic Bank, for or on account of the Purchase of any such Rents as aforesaid; and whensoever the said Surveyor General shall have contracted with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any Rent or Rents, the said Surveyor General shall grant unto the Purchaser or Purchasers a Certificate under his Hand, specifying the Rent so contracted for, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the same; and the said Caftiiers of the Bank, or one of them, (halL, upon the Production of such Certificate, accept and receive from such Purchaser or Purchasers the Purchase Monies therein specified, and at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies, without Fee or Reward; and the said Certificate and Receipt shall be afterwards brought to the Office of the respedrre Auditor of

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 75. 589

the Land Revenue, and be there forthwith inrolled, in proper Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose, separate and apart from the other Business and Proceedings of the said respective Offices; and such Auditor having inrolled the said Certificate and Receipt as aforesaid, shall attest the same, under his Hand, and return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchaser or Purchasers; and from and immediately after such Inrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the respective Purchasers of such Rents, and their Heirs or Successors, shall by Force of this Act be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the Rents so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged of and from all Claims and Demands which can or may be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any Person or Persons lawfully claiming by, from, or under him or them, and of and from all Manner of Incumbrances whatsoever, heretofore made or charged upon the same Rents, and as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the same; and shall have and enjoy all and singular the Powers, Remedies, Benefits, and Advantages for the Recovery thereof, given or allowed to the Purchasers of Rents in and by two Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the twenty-second and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Law or Statute whatever, in as large and ample Manner and Form as if such Purchases had been made of, and the said Rents conveyed by, the Trustees or Commissioners appointed or authorized by or under and by virtue of the same Acts, or either of them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Certificates to be granted by the said Surveyor General, on the Sale of any Rent or Rents as aforesaid, shall be expressed in the Words following, or as near thereto as may be: (that is to say.)

ing inrolled with the Auditor of the Ljnd Revenue, shall give Podcfiiofl,

Certificates fobs in the follow in g

By the Surveyor General of his Majesty's Land Revenue. Form;

THESE are to certify, That the said Surveyor General hath contracted and agreed with A.B. for the Sale to him [her, or them, as the Caje may he] of all that Rent of issuing and

payable out of [briefly describing the Lands or Hereditaments chargeable] now or late payable by at or for the Price or Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said A.B. into the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Sale of Fee Farm Rents [and, in the Case of afnbfifting Lease, then the following Words are to be added] subject nevertheless to a Lease thereof granted under the Great Seal of Great Britain [ory the Seal of his Majesty's Exchequer, as the Case may be] bearing Date the Day of one thousand seven hundred and unto for a Term of

Years which will expire on or about the Day of and from and immediately after the Payment of the said Sum in Manner aforesaid, and the Inrolment of this Certificate*

and the Receipt for the said Purchase Money in the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, and thenceforth for ever, the Purchaser or Purchasers [as the Caje may be] of the said Rent or Rents] and his or their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the said Rent or Rents] so by him purchased, by force and virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King 44 George the Third, intituled, An Act [infer ting the Title of this Act]*

Given under the Hand of the said Surveyor General, the Day of "

Which said Certificates shall be respectively witnessed and attested, as to the Signing thereof, by the said and witnessed.

Surveyor General, by one of the principal Clerks, or other Officers in his Office; and that the Receipts Receipts of 1 he

to be given or subscribed by the Cashier of the Bank, at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificates re- Bank to be in

spectively as aforesaid, shall be in the Words and Figures following, or as near thereto as may be; (that the following is to say,)

Received the Day of one thousand seven hundred and of and from A.B. the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britainr

being the Confederation Money expressed in the above [or within] written Certificate*

4< Witness my Hand,

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

(Signed)

Cashier."

Form*

Which said Certificates and Receipts, being inrolled as aforesaid, shall effectually discharge the said Purchasers, or other Persons to whom the same shall be so given and granted, of and from the Purchase and Consideration Money therein respectively expressed, and such Purchasers or other Persons shall never afterwards be liable to, or called upon, sued, troubled, molested, or questioned for or in respect of such Purchase or Consideration Money, or any Part thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Certificates and Receipts hereby directed to be given shall be made forth and inrolled at the Expence of the Persons entitled to or requiring the lame, for which Certificates such Fees shall be paid (exclusive of the Expence of Stamps, Parchment, and mrolling) as the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct and establish, in Proportion to the Value of the Rents to be sold, so that no greater Fee be paid for any one Rent than twenty Shillings; and if the Certificate be for more Rems than one, a further Fee shall be paid for every such Rent, not exceeding one fourth

of

and when 5nrclled to dif-charge the Purchaseta,

Certificate? and Receipts to be at the Expence of the Parties.

Fees to be paid for Certificates

59°

and to be distributed a>> the Surveyor.General shall direa.

Stamp Duty cn Certificates, Receipts, &c.

The Contraft* of Persons neglecting to procure Certificdtet, &c. for 14 Days to be nui), and the Consideration Money forfeited, unless the Surveyor General shall order la-lolment.

Money paid into the Bank to be laid out in the 3 per Cent., Consols, &c.

Annirties not to be transferred without Authority of Parliament, hut intend to be paid by order of the Treasury, and applied as the Latfid Revenues.

Surveyor General may compound for Arrears of Rent.

27 Geo. III. Cap. 22, and

32 Geo. III. Cap. 14, recited.

'So much of fird recited Act as was not repealed by the latter, repealed.

C. 75. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

of the Fee taken for the highert Rent included in the same Certificate; and the like Fees as aforesaid, and no more, shall be taken for the Inrolment of the said Certificates and Receipts; which said Fees shall be received by and distributed amongst the Officers and Clerks of the said Surveyor General, in such Manner and Proportion as the said Surveyor General shall direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where the Consideration Money contracted to be paid for any Purchase or Discharge whatsoever, authorized to be made by this Act, shall exceed the Sum of ten Pounds, the Certificate of the said Purveyor General shall be written on Parchment, stamped or notified with such a Stamp Duty as is required by Law for Common Conveyances of Lands, and no other Stamp shall be re-quilite for the Cashier's Receipt fix such Consideration Money; and where such Consideration Money shall not exceed the Sum of ten Pounds, the said Certificates shall or may be written on Parchment, without any other Stamp Duty than such as shall by Law' be requisite for the Cashier's Receipt; and* thatfin all Cases where the Consideration to be paid for the Purchase of any such Rent or Rents, by the Owners of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, out of which the same are payable, to any Purchaser or Purchasers of such Rents under this Act, his or their Heirs and Assigns, shall not exceed the Sum of ten Pounds, the Conveyance thereof shall or may be written on Parchment, without any other Stamp Duty than such as shall by Law be required for the Receipt for the Consideration Money.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, with whom the said Surveyor General shall contract for any of the Rents by this Act authorized to be sold, discharged, or extinguished, shall neglect to procure and sue forth the Certificate of the said Surveyor General of his, her, or their Contract, or shall neglect to pay into the Bank the Consideration Money therein to be specified, or shall neglect to inrol such Certificate, and the Cashier'6 Receipt for the said Money, according to the Di-redtions of this Act, for the Space of fourteen Days, to be computed from the Day on which such Contract shall have been made, the said Contract shall be null and void, and the Consideration Money, if paid into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unless the Lid Surveyor General shall, for any reasonable Caule to him shewn for the Omission of such Inrolment, order the said Certificate to be inrolled, nunc pro tunc, and which, upon such Cause being shewn, he is hereby authorized to order accordingly.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be paid into the Bank of England under or by virtue of this Act, on account of the Sale of Fee Farm Rents, shall from Time to Time be laid out, by the Order of the said Surveyor General, in the Purchase of three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England, in which Name the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to permit Transfers to be made of the Annuities, Funds, or Stock so to be purchased, and such Transfers to be accepted by the said Surveyor General, for and in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England, and the said Surveyor General is hereby required to accept the same accordingly; and that all and singular the Annuities so to be purchased and accepted shall remain inverted in the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, and shall not be transiered or transferable without the Authority of Parliament; but all the Interests of the said Annuities or Yearly Dividends shall be, from Time to Time, paid by the Lid Governor and Company, into the Hands of such ifiirson or Persons as shall be appointed to receive the same, by Warrant or Power of Attorney, under the Haixl and Seal of the Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, 2:1 J shall, by force and virtue of this Act, be deemed and taken in Law to be Part of the Lid Land Revenues of the Crown, and shall be from Lime to Time answered, accounted for, applied, and appropriated to such and the same Uses and Purposes as the Land Revenues of the Crown now are, or would hereafter have been liable to have been applied and appropriated to in case this Act had not been made.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surveyor-General of the Crown Lands, now and for the Time being, (the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treaffiry, or any three of them, for the Time being, having been in each Case previously obtained,) shall have the fante Power to compound for Arrears of any of the Lid Rents as was verted in the Lid Commissionersby the Lid Acts of the twenty-sixth and thirtieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty.

XVIII. And whereas, by an Act, made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Sale of certain Houses and Ground belonging to his Majesty, it was enacted, that it should and might be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to treat, contract, and agree, for the Sale or fqf the Leafing of all or any Part of the Ertate, Right, Title, or Interest in or to all or any of the Houses, Messuages, Tenements, and Ground therein particularly mentioned and specified: And whereas by another Act, made in the thirty-ficond Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Atl, made in the tiueniy- f-'enth Year of Ins present AJajrJty, as relates to the Sale of the House in Privy Garden, heretofore ufd as an Office for the Commissioners of the Lottery, and to enable his Majesty to grant the same, it was enacted, that so much of the Lid Act as related to the Sale or Leafing of the said House in Privy Garden should be, and the same was thereby repealed: And wherea$ no Treaty, Contract, or Agreement hath been entered into by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Sale or Leafing of any of the Lid Houses, Messuages, Tenements, or Ground, by virtue of the said first-mentioned A3; and it is not expedient that the same should be fold or leased under the Lid Act Be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the Lid first-mentioned Act as was not repealed by the said Act of the thirty-second Year of his Majesty's Reign shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Success'ors, from Time to Time, to grant, demise, or allure all or any Part or Parts of the Lid Premises for (itch Terms, Estates, and Interests, and under and subject to such Limitations, Reservations,

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 75, 76. 591

Restrictions, Provides, and Conditions as are enacted and -provided in and by this Act, in respect of any other Mefltiages, Tenements, or Ground of the like Nature or Descriptions, belonging to his Majesty.

XIX. And whereas it may be expedient to permit the Leftecs or Grantees of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, under the Authority of this Act, to alien the Lands, Tenements, of Hereditaments, so demised or granted, in Parcels, and for that Purpose to furrer.der the subsisting Lease or Grant thereof fur the Purpose of obtaining distinct Leases or Grants of such several Parcels, reserving in the Whole the same Rent as shall have been reserved by such furrer.dered Lease or Grant, or more be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at any Time, upon Surrender of any liibfifting Lease or Grant, to make any new Leases or Grants of the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Parcels; provided such new Leases or Grants be for the same Term of Years, and there be reserved thereon in the Whole the same Annual Rent, or more, as was granted and reserved by such surrendered Lease or Grant; and provided also, that such new Leases or Grants shall contain the same Covenants as were contained in such furiendered Lease or Grant, so far as the Subdivision of such Lands, Tenement?, and Heie-ditaments will permit.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any Adanors, Mefihages, Lands, Tenements, Tithe?, or other Hereditaments within the Ordering and Survey of the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, or to any of the Rents and Revenues thereof, or to any Le«de or Grant, Leases or Grants, made or to be made under the Seals of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lanceifler, or either of them; but that all and singular the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and other Hereditaments of and belonging to the said Duchy, shall and may remain and continue to be granted and demised by his Ma-jefry, his Heirs and Successors, for the like Terms, Estates, and InterePcs, and the Rents and Revenues thereof, to be received and applied, under the Order and Direction of the Chancellor and Council, and other Officers of the said Duchy, to and for the like Uses and Purposes, and in like Manner and Form, as-before the passing of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown for the Time being shall, and he is hereby required,-within thirty Days after the Commencement of the Session of Parliament which shall be in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and also within thirty Days after the Commencement of the Session of Parliament in every third Year following the said Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, (without any special or other Requisition to be made to him for that Purpose,) certify and report in Writing, under his Hand and Seal, unto the King's most Excellent Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, what Leases or Grants shall have been made of any Part of the said Land Revenue, from the Commencement of this Act unto the Time of making the 'first Report of the said Surveyor General, and from the Time of making such first or any subsequent Report to the Time of making the Report next following the same, and for what Terms or Dilates such Leases or Grants shall have been made, and also the Annual Value of the 'Fenements or Hereditaments comprized in every such Lease, as returned on Oath by the Surveyor or Surveyors employed to Purvey the same, and the Annual Value of the same Premises by the last preceding Survey thereof, (where there shall happen to be a former Survey and Valuation of the same in the Custody or Power of the said Surveyor General,) and what Rent or Rents shall have been reserved on every such Lease or Grant, and what Fines paid for the same, and upon what other Considerations such Leases shall respectively have been made or granted; and also, so far as the same can be done, the Rents and Fines which were reserved and paid upon or for the last preceding Lease or Grant of such Tenements or Hereditaments, and also the Amount of all Fee Farm Rents, or other dry, fixed, and unimprovable Rents, which shall have been sold by virtue of this Act, within the same Periods respectively, and of the Purchase Money paid for the same, and the Amount of the three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities purchased therewith, and all such other Matters and Things, touching or concerning the said Land Revenue, or any Part thereof, as to the Paid Surveyor General shall Peem proper and necessary to be contained and Pet forth in such Reports.

XXII. And whereas by an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from the Duty of PojlagcJ it is enacted, that, from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hun- clred and sixty-four, so long as the Revenue arising in the General Letter Office, or Post Office, or Office of Postmaster General, shall continue to be made Part of the Aggregate Fund, no Letters or Packets Pent by the Post to or from any Place whatsoever shall he exempted from paying the Duty of Postage, except such Letters and Packets as are therein particularly excepted: And whereas the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage is not by the said Act extended to the Sur- veyor General of his Majesty's Land Revenue for the Time being, who, by virtue of his Office, necessarily fends and receives many Letters and Packets relating to the Public Revenue of this Kingdom Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Surveyor General of his Majesty's Land Revenue for the Time being shall and may send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner, and under such Restrictions, as other Officers mentioned in the said Act are thereby permitted, in respect of their Offices, to send and receive the same, in pursuance of the said Act.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trustees, for the better Teeming his Majesty's Batteries, and other Works, in the Counties of Kent and Devon.

[11th June 1794.]

Lease*- mwh?

[r j ol

lit CHI; giUCU-

e<l.

A.O rot to oftict 1 he lYweruf the Chjj-o* lor an<i Council of the Duchy of LancalUr.

Surveyor General ro .-e»tify to the King and the Parliament what Leases have ban made, &c.

4 Geo. III. Cap 24.

Surveyor General may send and receive Letters free of Postage.

592 C. 77 - 79. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

CAP. LXXVII.

An for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or nearly from Bury Bridge in the Parish of Bury, by Haslingden, to or nearly to Church Kirk, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[4th April 1794.]

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Calder Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also certain Cuts from the said intended Canal.

[4th April 1794.]

34 Geo. III. Cap. 5, recited.

His Majesty may appoint five Commissioners.

Commissioners to take the following Oath,

Commissioners may meet and appoint Officers, &c.

No Fee to be taken by Officers.

Residents in Great Britain, on Jan. 1, 1794, or Cince, who have Money, Notes, or any

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for more effectually preserving Money or Effects, in the Hands of his Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons resident in France, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof.

[7th July 1794.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for preventing Money or Effects in the Hands of his Majestys Subjects, belonging toy or disposable by, Persons

refulent in France, being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France,

and for preserving the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof divers Provisions have been made respecting Money and Effects in the Hands of his Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons resident within the Dominions of France, and the Territories and Places under the Government of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France: And whereas it is expedient that more effectual Provisions should be made for the Preservtion of such Money and Effects than such as are contained in the said Act:' May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty from Time to Time, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to nominate, authorize, and appoint five able, sufficient, and discreet Persons, Natives of and resident within Great Britain, to be Commissioners for the Purposes herein after mentioned,

II. And be it further enacted, That each and every of the said Commissioners named in such Letters Patent, before he shall enter upon the Execution of the said Office, shall take an Oath, (or, being one of the People called Quakers, a solemn Affirmation,) the Tenor whereof shall be das follows (that is to say,)

T A\ B. do swear [or affirm], That I will execute the several Powers and Trusts vested in me in pur— " fuance of an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the Act,] with Fidelity and Secrecy, accord* 44 ing to the Tcnor and Purport of the said Act.

So help me GOD."

Which Oath or Affirmation shall and may be administered by any one of the said Commissioners to any other or others of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners so to be appointed shall have Power to meet and fit from Time and Time, in such Place or Places as they shall find most convenient, with or without Adjournment; and shall and may appoint and employ a Secretary, and so many Officers as they shall think meet, and allow to such Secretary and Officers, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, in Writing under their Hands, such reasonable Salaries as the said Commissioners so to be appointed shall think meet; and shall and may give and administer to such Secretary and Officers respectively an Oathfor their faithful Demeanour in all Things relating to the due Performance of the Trusts reposed in them by the said Commissionerrs, and in all other Things touching the Premises, and for their keeping secret all Matters with which they shall be intruded by the said Commissioners; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time at their Difcration, to dismiss and discharge such Secretary and other Officers, and appoint others in their Place.; and the said Secretary and Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said Trusts in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking any thing for such Service, other than such Salaries and Rewards as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint in Manner aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken by any public Officer or Officers, for any Thing done in Execution of this present Act, or of the said recited Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons residing or being in Great Britain who on the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four was or were, or at any Time subsequent thereto, during the present War, has or have been, or shall be knowingly possessed of ot entitled to, or had or have, or shall have, in his, her, or their Custody or Power, any Money, Deeds, Bonds, Bills* Notes, Stocks, Funds, or other Securities for Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Property, or Effects,

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 79. 593

of what Nature or Kind soever, belonging to or at the Disposal of, or in Trust for, any Person or Persons, Effect of Per-who, on the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, was or were* or at any Time subsequent thereto, during the present War, has or have been, or shall be resident within any of the frnace *y;'t^rn Dominions of France, or within any Territory or Place which, on the said first Day of January one thou- the Lhms of sand seven hundred and ninety-four, was, or which, during the said War, shall be under the Government of the G >vcnment the Persons exercising, or who shall hereafter exercise, the Powers of Government in France; and also all of Fr!nc,e> or and every Person and Persons residing or being in Great Britain, who, on the said first Day of January one bieJd to^ch thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, was or were, or at any Time subsequent thereto, during the said j trfonf> to <je. War, has or have been, or shall be, in any Manner whatsoever, indebted to any such Person or Persons so liver 10 the resident within any of the Dominions of France, or within any such Territory or Place as aforesaid, shall Commission?r» deliver, and he, she, and they respectively is and are hereby required to deliver to the Commissioners to be an Account, named in such Letters Patent as aforesaid, at such Place or Places, and within such Time or Times, as taiiTpaticuUrt% shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners, a full and true Account, in Wriring, signed by the Person or Persons delivering the same, of all such Money, Securities for Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Property, Debts, and Effectsas aforesaid, and mall in such Account, either direcSlly, or by Reference to a separate Paper, also to be delivered therewith as herein after mentioned, and signed by the Person or Persons delivering the same, declare the Name and Names, and the Place and Places of Abode, within the Dominions of France, or within such Territory or Place as aforesaid, of the Person and Persons reflectively to whom such Money, Securities for Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Property, Debts, and Effects did or do belong, or were or are owing, or at whole Disposal, of in Trust for whom, the same were or are, according to the best of the Knowledge, Information, and Belief of the Persons and Persons delivering such Accounts respectively, and also whether any and what Application has been made to such Person or Persons touching the Disposal thereof; and so from Time to Time shall deliver like Accounts and Declarations respectively, within three Calendar Months after any such Person or Persons shall have become possessed of, or entitled to, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Power, any such Money, Securities for Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Property, and Effects respectively, or shall have become so indebted as aforesaid, or shall have received any Application touching the Disposal of any such Money, Securities for iMoney, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Property, Debts, or Eftefts respectively; and if any Penalty far Person or Persons residing or being in Great Britain as aforesaid, who is or are or shall be knowingly pof- Neglect. sessed of or entitled to, or has or have or shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Power, any such Money,

Securities for Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Property, or Eftefts, or indebted as aforesaid, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to deliver, in Writing, an Account or Particular of such Articles, and to make such Declaration as aforesaid, at the Place or Places to be appointed as aforesaid, and within the Time or Times within which the same ought to be delivered in pursuance of this Act, or shall be guilty of any wilful Concealment or Omission, or untrue Specification of any of the Matters hereby required to be declared as aforesaid, every such Person, being duly convicted thereof, shall forfeit double the Value of all such Money,

Securities for Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Property, Debts, or Eftefts touching which, any such Concealment, Omission, or untrue Specification shall be made,

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such Account so hereby required to be delivered as aforesaid Accounts to be shall be enclosed in afealed Cover or sealed Covers, which shall be respectively signed on the Outside thereof enciofcdinfe*le4

Covers, and where Matters are referred to separate Papers, the Reference to be made as herein speci* tied, &c«

Commissioners to appoint Per-forii to receive Account?, which shall only be opened by certain Persons, and on certain OccaCcns, Ajc.

by the Person or Persons delivering the same respectively, and shall also be respectively marked on the Outside thereof with some Letters and Figures, foas by Means thereof the same may be respectively clearly distinguished; and in case the Name or Names, and Description or Descriptions, and other Matters hereby required to be declared in such Account, either directly, or by Reference to a separate Paper, shall be expressed in such Account by Reference to a separate Paper, such Reference shall be made by Letters and Figures clearly corresponding with similar Letters and Figures contained in such separate Paper, and the several Articles contained in such Account shall be placed therein to the Credit of the same Letters and Figures respectively; and such separate Paper shall contain such Name or Names, and Description or Descriptions, and other Matters not specified in such Account, as are hereby required to be declared as aforesaid, io that by Companion of the Contents of such separate Paper with such Account, all the Matters required by this Act to be declared as aforesaid may clearly and distinctly appear; and such separate Paper shall be also enclosed in a distinct sealed Cover, which shall also be signed on the Outside by the Person or Persons delivering the same, and shall be marked 011 the Outside with Letters and Figures corresponding with the Letters and Figures marked on the Outside of the Cover in which such Account shall be enclosed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That as soon after the said Commission shall have passed the Great Seal of Great Britain as shall be convenient, the Commissioners therein named, or such of them as shall have taken the said Oath as aforesaid, shall meet and appoint a proper Person or proper Persons for receiving, at such Place or Places as such Commissioners shall name, and within such Time or Times as such Commissioners shall appoint, all such Accounts or Particulars in Writing as are hereby required to be delivered as aforesaid, enclosed in sealed Covers, which sealed Covers shall be opened only by the said Commissioners, or some or one of them, or in the Presence of some or one of the said Commissioners, by some or one of their Officers sworn to Secrecy; and no such Cover shall be opened, unless on the Application of some Person or Persons who shall appear to the said Commissioners to be interested in the Account and Declaration therein contained, except in case of Necessity, and in order to execute some Provision of this Act, or by virtue of a Special Warrant from his Majesty under his Sign Manual, or by some Person or Persons authorized by his Majesty to give Special Warrant for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners shall, to the utmost of their Power, take Care to conceal the Name and Names of all and every Person and Persons who

594

Signature of one y r.rU er (o Le

Comrriifil.-mer* raay, on Appli-raP-n, order Monrv h r Mils of E*chaoge pr<»hi and to be paid, to b - pjId into (he Bank, lcc»

but not to ex-trni to Bills not crau n cn or before Jan. I,

170^, unM1% ac» c-p'.rd prior 10

Feb. 1.

On Request of Persons entitled theme, 'be Commissioners rra\ order Money to be paid into the lUnlr, and Stcunti"* and Eft'e^s to be delivered in -to the t ufl jdy of p of'tx Ferljns,

dec.

Commissioners may order Money to K'C paid and En c£ti> de livrred to Einkers of Credit.

Commissioners may make 1 ke Orders cn Request of Personi holding Money, &c. as on Applicant* of Owiice,

C. 79. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

shall be mentioned in such Accounts and Declarations, whose Name or Names it shall appear to the said Commissioners necessary or proper to conceal.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Signature of one Partner in a House of Trade, on Behalf of himtl-lf or herself, and-his or her Partners in Trade in the Firm of such House, to any such Account and Declaration and separate Paper respectively, and on the OutfiJe of any such sealed Cover as are hereby respectively icquired to be delivered and ligntd as aforesaid, (Ira 11 he deemed the Signature of all such Partners respectively, and a fufiicL-nt Signature within the Intent and Meaning of this Act-

IX. And be it further enacted, That if this Holder or Holders of any Bill of Exchange, Draft, or Order for Money prohibited to be paid by the said Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, shall signify to the lit id Commissioners aDelirc that the Money lor which such Bill, Draft, or Order (ha.ll have been made, should be paid into the Bank of England, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if in their Discretion they shall think hr, to summon ti e Person or Persons on whom such Bill, Draft, or Order (bail have been drawn or made, to l'hew Caul'e why the same should not be lb paid; and if such Persons or Person lb ill refute or negtect to attend when duly summor.ed, or shall not shew sufficient Cause vvny such Bill, Draft, or Order Humid not be so paid, it Huh be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon Dclivciy to them of inch Ihih Draft, or Order, properly indorsed, to direct the Money due thereon to be paid into the Bank of England \ and likevvile, at the Requdl of the Holder or Holders of such Bill, Draft, or Order, or of t <e Person paying the same, to diicct such Money, when paid into tire Bank, to be applied in the Purchase of any Stocks or Funds as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet, which Stocks or Funds the said Commissioners are hereby required to purchase accordingly.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall enable the said Commissioners to order Payment of any Bill, Draft, or Order which shall not appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners to have been drawn on or before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, unless the same shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners to have been accepted on or before the hrit Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four: Provided also, That it shall be wholly discretionary in the said Commissioners to forbear ordering Payment of any Bill, Draft, or Order in ail Cases in which they shall see fit to forbear making such Order.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall be entitled to any Money, Deeds, Bonds, Bills, Notes, Stocks, Funds, or other Securities for Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Property, Debts, or Elicits as aforesaid, shall be desirous that the same shall be disposed of for his, her, or their Benefit, under and by virtue of this Act, and Hull signify the same in Writing to the said Commissioners, either by themselves, or by any Agents or Agent who ih fid appear to the said Commissioners to be duly authorized, or in cate it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that such Person or Persons shall have otherwise signihed such Desire, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order all such Money and Debts to be paid into the Bank of England, and all such Securities, Property, and Effects to be delivered into the Custody of such Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as such Commissioners shall appoint; and such Commissioners, or Person or Persons appointed by them, shall accordingly receive the same into their Custody, and shall by Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the same, a Copy of which Certificate shall be duly entered in a Book or Books to be provided and kept by such Commissioners, and such Certificate shall be given to the Person or Persons deluding or paying such Money, Debts, Securities, Property, or Effects mentioned in such Certificate; and every such Certificate, and every Entry in such Book or Books, shall respectively from thenceforth be an Acquittance and Discharge for the Amount and Value expressed trie rein to have been received, as to the Person or Persons to whom such Certificate shall be given, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators respectively, against all Persons whatever, in like Manner as any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance given by the Owner or Owners of such Money, Debts, Securities, Property and Effects idpcdiively would have been in cute this Act had not been made.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons by this Act enabled to require Payment of any Sums or Sum of Money into the Bank as aforesaid, or Delivery of any Deeds, Bonds, Bills, Notes, Slocks, Funds, or other Securities for Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effects to the said Commissioners, shall be desirous, and so signify to tnesaid Commissioners, that such Money should be paid, or such Articles should be delivered to some Banker or other Person or Persons, being a British Subject or Subjects resident in Great Britain, and of known Credit and Responsibility, in Head of Payment or Delivery of such Money or Articles into the Bank of Enghnd, or to the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order such Money and Articles to be paid and delivered accordingly; and, upon such Payment and Delivery, an Acknowledgment of the Receipt thereof shall be signed by the Person cr Pc:lens receiving such Articles respectively, and shall be delivered to the said Commissioners, and the said Commissioners shall caulc the same to be lied and entered in a Book or Books to be kept for such Purpose, and shall deliver a Certificate thereof to the Person or Persons paying or delivering such Articles respectively; which Certificate, and the Entry in such Book or Books, shall be in like Manner as aforesaid a Discharge to such Person or Persons so paying or delivering such Articles respectively*

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it any Person or Persons who shall have in his, her, or their Cuilo-dy or Power, any Mom y, Deeds, Itends, Bills, Nous, or other Securities for Money, Property, or Ef-tects, or shall owe any Debts, with reipeef to wmch such Commissioners are hereby empowered, upon Application on Behalf of the Owner or Owners tneieol, to make such Order as aiurelaiJ, shall hedcurou>ot obtaining alike Order for the Purpose ol relieving themselves from the Custody of such property or Effects, cr to discharge themselves from such Debts, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make like Orders rdpechng such Money, Securities, Property, Debts, and Effects, at the Instance of the Person or Persons who

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 79.

who shall hold or owe the same, as they are hereby empowered to do at the Instance of the Owner or Owners thereof; which Payment and Delivery, and the Certificate or Entry of the said Commissioners thereupon, shall operate as a Discharge to the Person or Persons so paying or delivering such Money, Securities for Money, Property, Debts, and Efrcdls respectively, as against the Person or Persons on whole Account the same shall be so paid or delivered, or his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Administrators, or Assigns, but not against any other Person or Persons.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that any Money, Deeds, Bonds, Bills, Notes, Stocks, Funds, Securities for Money, Good:, Wares, Merchandize, Property, Debts, or Effects, which the said Commissioners are authorized by this A.ct to order to be paid or delivered as aforesaid, or any Parts or Part thereof, are or is fub-jedl to any Contract or Agreement, or to any specific Lien, or other Right, Title, or Interest atLaworin Equity, and that there is therefore, or on any other Account, sufficient Reason for forbeaiing to order Payment or Delivery of the Whole, or of any Parts or Part thereof, or in any Manner to qualify any Order which they may think proper to make concerning the same, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners (if in their Discretion they shall see fit) to forbear making any such Order, or to adapt their Order or Orders touching such Articles respectively, or touching any Parts or Part thereof, to the particular Circumstances aftedfing the lame respectively, and in all Cases to have Regard to all such Contracts, Agreements, Rights, Titles, and lntcrefls as shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners to afiedl: the several Articles touching which they are authorized by this Act to make such Orders as aforesaid, and so protect and preserve the same, as far as the^Nature of the particular Cales and Circumstances will permit.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons refidingor being in Great Britain as aforesaid, who shall be knowingly poll!fled of any such Money, Securities, Property, or Effects, or shall be indebted as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay or deliver all such Money, Securities, Property, and Effects, or to pay the Amount of such Debts, or any Parts or Part thereof, at the Tlines and in the Manner which shall be ordered and appointed by such Commissioners in pursuance of any of the Provisions of this Act, every such Person or Persons, being thereof duly convicted, shall forfeit double the Value of all such Money, Securities, Property, Efiedts, and Debts respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Property confiding of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, and all Deeds, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes and other Securities for Money, which shall be delivered to the said Commissioners under the Authority of this Act, shall be vested in the said Commissioners; and such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall and may be fold and disposed of at the Request of the Person or Persons interested therein, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or without such Request, if it shall appear to the said Commissioners necessary or advisable to sell and dispose thereof; and such Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Securities for Money shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the same shall have become payable, be converted into Money by such Commissioners, or the Monies due and payable by virtue thereof, shall and may be sued for, in due Course of Law, in the Name of the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the Time being, for the Use of the said Commissioners; and all Expences attending such Sales and the Receipt and Management of such Property, shall be defrayed by the said Commissioners out of the Produce thereof.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who, before the eighth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, had effected any Insurance in his, her, or their Name or Names, on any Ship or Effects belonging to any Person or Persons resident in any of the Dominions of France^ or within any Territory or Place which on the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four was, or during the said War shall be, under the Government of the Persons exereding, or who shall exercise the Poweis ol Government in France, for the Benefit of such Person or Persons lo residing. respectively, to apply to the said Commissioners to direct the Payment of any Money due by virtue of luen Insurance, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, which the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to order accordingly; and, in case of Re final to pay such Money, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons in whole Name or Names any such Insurance may have been effected, with the Leave of the said Commissioners, to bring any Action or Actions on any such Insurance, and to recover any Money due thereon, notwithstanding any Thing in the said recited Act of this present Session of

Parliament to the contrary; and that it shall not be pleaded to any such Action, that the Person or Persons for whole Benefit any such Insurance was made, was or were an Alien Enemy or Alien Enemies: Provided always, That all Money which shall be recovered by Means of any such Action shall, in all Respects, be subject to the lYovisions contained in the said recited Act, and in this Act.-

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Money paid to such Commissioners under the Authority of this Act shall be from Time to Time paid into the Bank of iLngia.id, and the same, and all other Money paid into the Bank of England in pursuance of this Act, shall be, for the Purposes of this Act, vested in the said Commissioners, by the Name of The Commissioners for the Prefer ratten of Property belonging to Per-Jo is in France, and shall be from Time to Time paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, under such Name; in which Name the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, and they are hereby required to open an Account in their Books with the said Commissioners, and shall carry to the Credit of such Account all such Monies as shall from Time to Time be paid to their Cashier or Cashiers in pursuance of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to arise from such Property, Effects, or Debts as aforesaid, which shall be received by the said Commissioners, shall from Time to Time be laid out, by the

595

Commissioners to have Regard to Comrj6?,&c,

Penalty on Persons not complying with Orders of the Commissioners.

Property deliver to *the Commissioners may be Lid, S:c9

Commissioners may direct to be paid Money due? on Insurancea effected prior 10 May 3, 1793,0a Sh'ps or Elfttls belonging to Persons resident within the LI-mi's of the Government of France on January 1, 1754* or Cnee, &c.

Money paid into the Bank, vetted in the Commissioners, &c.

Money to belaid cut in the Funds in the

596

N*me of the Commissioners,

&c.

Commissioners may di c(\ the S»le of Mock, «frc. for rctloring Property to the Proprietor?, &c.

% Monies received determined by the Commissioners, or paid into the Bank, to be classed and entered, &c.

Du pir cates to be delivered to the Bank and Privy Council iealed up, and not to 1 e opened without his Majesty's Authority.

Bank to permit the Stock to be cUffed, &c»

Stocks to be accepted and transferred by Warrants of the Commissioners.

Commissioneri to keep separate Accounts of the different Classes.

C. 79. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 17.94,

Order of the said Commissioners, upon the Application of any Person or Persons interested therein, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, in the Purchase of three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, or in any other of the Public Funds transferable at the Bank of England, in the Name of the said Commissioners, by the Name of The Commissiontiers for the Preservation of Property belonging to Persons in F ranee, in which Name the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby Authorized and required to permit Transfers to be made of the said Annuities or Stock so purchased, and such Transfers to be accepted by the Secretary of the said Commissioners, to the Use of the said Commissioners; and all and every the Dividends and Interest to be received thereon shall be laid out in like Manner in the Purchase of the like Annuities or Stock, and the Dividends and Interest in all such Accumulations shall be received and applied in like Manner, unless otherwise ordered by the said Commissioners.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, upon Application for that Purpose by or on Behalf of the Person or Persons who shall appear to their Satisfaction to be entitled thereto, if in their Discretion they shall think fit, todircCI the Sale of such Annuities or Stock, or any Part thereof, and to transfer the same accordingly, or to transfer the same without Sale, either for the Purpose of restoring the Property inverted therein to the Proprietors, according to the Intent and Meaning of this ACI, or to such Persons or Person as the Proprietors shall appoint, and in like Manner to pay the Interest and Dividends of the said Annuities and Stock so to be purchased, or any Money paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or to deliver any Securities for Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Property, and EfteSs, which shall have been delivered to such Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, provided the Person or Persons to whom such Payment shall be made, or such> Effects shall be delivered, shall not be at the Time of such Payment or Delivery in any of the Dominions of France, or in any Territory or Place under the Government of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France \ but nevertheless such Payment and Delivery as aforesaid shall be wholly at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, and shall not be compelled in any Manner whatever.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That, to avoid Multiplicity of Accounts, the said Commissioners shall cause all the Principal Monies from Time to Time received by them, or paid into the Bank in pursuance of this Act, to be classed in the Order in which the same shall be so received, in such Classes, and in such Sums in each Class, as they shall judge most convenient, and shall cause such Classes to be respectively numbered, and a diiliniSt Statement of each Class to be made out, containing the Names and Descriptions of the Persons respectively from whom the Sums of Aloney composing such Classes respectively have been received, and the Sums received from each, and also the Names and Descriptions of the Persons to whom such Sums are respectively (fated to belong, in the Account or Particular thereof delivered to the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and the Sums dated therein to belong to each Person; which Statements shall be respectively marked with the Numbers of the different Classes to which they relate, and shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be provided and kept by the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners shall also cause two Duplicates of each such Statement, fairly written on Paper, to be made out and delivered, enclosed in a Cover, under the Seal of the said Commissioners, one thereof to the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England for the Time being, and the other thereof to one of the Clerks of his Majesty's Privy Council for the Time being, to be carefully kept amongst the private Papers of the Bank of England oxA Privy Council respectively, locked up, and which shall not be opened without the Authority of his Majesty, under his Sign Manual.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, and they are hereby required to permit and suffer the Annuities and Stock purchased by the said Commissioners, in pursuance of this Act, to be clafled and entered under distinct Numbers, and in distinct: Sums, in their respective Books at the Bank of England, according to the said respective Classes, and which Classes shall be therein respectively enumerated and distinguished, in the Manner the same shall have been enumerated and distinguished by the said Commissioners; and all the Dividends and Interest Monies payable to the said Commissioners, in respect of the Annuities or Stock in each Cfefs, shall, from Time to Time, when laid out in the Purchase of other Annuities or Stock of the like Kind, be added to and made Part of the Principal Monies of such Class of Annuities or Stock from which the same Dividends or Interest Monies respectively arose.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Stocks and Securities transferrable at the Bank of England\ which shall be purchased in pursuance of this Act, shall be accepted and transferred by the Cashier of the Bank of England, in pursuance of Warrants under the Hands of the said Commissioners for that Purpose, and not otherwise.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall keep separate and distinct Accounts of the Amount of the Monies composing the different Classes directed by this Act to be made, and of the Annuities or Stock purchased and belonging to each Class, and directed to be entered separately in the Books of the Bank of England, and also of the Produce of the Annuities or Stock from Time to Time arising in each Class, and of all Additions from Time to Time made to the same respectively; and the said Annuities or Stock of each such Class, together with all Additions that shall have been made thereto, and all Dividends due thereon, shall be divisible, transferrable, and payable in such and the like Shares or aliquot Parts of the Whole, as the Principal Monies composing the Class to which such Annuities or Stock shall belong would have been divided into, in case no such Purchase of such Annuities or Stock, or such Increase thereof, had been made.

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 79.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to examine upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation they are respectively hereby authorized to administer) all Persons who shall be willing to be examined touching all such Matters and Things as shall be necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners, and also in all Questions or Disputes that may arise touching the Property of any Person or Persons in any Goods or Effects whatever delivered or paid to the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, or touching the Residence of any such Person or Persons claiming or interested in such Property, to re-ceive-any Affidavits or Depositions in Writing, upon Oath or Affirmation, which shall be made in any Part of Great Britain above the Distance of twenty Miles from London, before any Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any City, Town, or Place, or before any Justice of the Peace of any County or District where the Person making such Affidavit, Depofidon, or Affirmation shall happen to be, or to receive any Affidavits or Depositions in Writing upon Oath, which shall be made in any Parts beyond the Seas before any Magistrate of the Country, Territory, or Place, having competent Power and Authority to administer an Oath, and residing near the Place where the Person making such Oath shall also reside, and certified and transmitted to the said Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid, under the Hand and Seal of such Magistrate; provided that in every such Affidavit, Depofidon, or Affirmation there shall be expressed the Addition of the Party making such Affidavit, Depofidon, or Affirmation, and the particular Place of his or her Abode, and the same shall be intitled as an Affidavit, Depofidon, or Affirmation made in pursuance of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, upon Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners respectively, or in any Affidavit, Depofidon, or Affirmation before any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace in Great Britain, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That three or more of the said Commissioners shall be capable of executing and doing all the Acts, Matters, and Things which by this Act the said Commissioners are empowered and required to dov in all Cases where a fmailer Number of Commissioners is not specially authorized to do such Acts, Matters, and Things respectively.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall and may sue and befued in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit, in Law or Equity, to be brought by or against the said Commissioners on account of this Act, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Secretary, or by the Act of such Secretary* without the Consent of the said Commissioners, but the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the Time being.shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit as the Case may be; and no Action or Suit shall be brought against the said Commissioners in the Name of their Secretary, except in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and with Licence first had and obtained from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under his or their Sign Manual, or from such Person as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall authorize to grant the same, and upon such Terms and Conditions as shall be specified in such Licence; and the said Commissioners, or their Secretary, shall not be otherwise charged, either collectively or individually, as-jointly or severally answerable in any Suit or Action whatsoever* touching any Matter or Thing done in Execution-of the Trusts reposed in them by this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Question shall arise respecting any Claim to any Property, Effects, or Debts delivered or paid to the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, or any Interest therein, or the Money arising by the Sale thereof, or any Part thereof, or to any Annuities, Fund, or Stock purchased therewith, or any Dividends or Interest arising thereby, any Person or Persons claiming such Property, Effects, or Debts, or any Interest therein, or the Produce thereof, or the Annuities, Funds, or Stock, purchased therewith, or the Dividends or Interest arising thereby, or any. Part thereof, shall and may, with the Consent of the said Commissioners, but not otherwise, apply in a summary Way, by Motion or otherwise* touching the same, to the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, who shall proceed to inquire into the-Validity of such Claim, and shall make such Order therein as to the said Court shall seem just.

XXX. And whereas the Restrictions contained in the said recited Act may materially affect Commer- cial and other Transactions, with respect to which it may be expedient for his Majesty, under the Provisions of the said Act for that Purpose, by his Sign Manual, Order in Council, or Proclamation, to grant Li- cences, either general or special, under particular Circumstances, and upon certain Terms and Condi- tions: And whereas it may be doubful how far the Proof of the Existence of such Circumstances, or the 4- Compliance with such Terms and Conditions, may lie upon the Person or Persons acting under fuel) Li- cences, or claiming the Benefit thereof:* Be it enacted, That in all Cases in which his Majesty shall think proper to grant any Licence or Licences, either general or special, by his Sign Manual, Order in Council, or Proclamation, to do any Act or Acts under particular Circumstances, or upon special Terms or Conditions, expressed in such Licences respectively, the Proof of the Existence of such Circumstances, and of the Performance of or Compliance with such Terms and Conditions, shall, in all Proceedings whatsoever. Criminal or Civil, lie on the Person or Persons acting under such Licences respeedvely, or claiming the Benefit thereof.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit, either in Law or Equity, shall be commenced or prosecuted conirary to the Provisions of this Act, for or on account of the Conversion of any such Property or Effects delivered, or.for or on account of any Sum of Money paid to the said Commissioner

597

Commissioners may examine upon Oath and receive Affida'. vies.

Persons giving false Evidence to be liable to the Penalties of Perjury.

Three Commissioners may act.

Commissioners may sue and be

filed in the Name of their Secretary, &c.

Actions to be brought in the Court of Exchequer only, and not without Licence from his Majesty,

Persons claiming Property may, wish Consent of the Commifii >n-erf, apply to the Court of Exchequer.

Where his Majesty shall grant Licences, the Proof of Compliance with the Terms- upon which granted, shall lie »n the P.rtti» s claiming the Benefit,

If any Action be commenced contrary to Act, the Court may (top Proceedings,

59s

Penal.'i?# to be frcnvrrrd n the N loir ut the /\womey Gene-fa), &c.

33 Gr*. UT.

Cap 27, or retire 1 A ‘t, no* t>3 afT-dt this Act, Ac,

33 *-o. TIT. Cap. 73, tecUed.

Frr>m Aug. t, 1794, no Vessel cieaiing out from Great Britain to carry Slaves from Africa ri greater Numbers thm herein specified.

Vessels to be d'emed of the Tonnage fee forth in their Certificate! of Registry.

Mahers of Vessels to forfeit 30l. fur every Slave exceeding the 1 -mi ted Number,

Jf more than Twi -fifth' of the Slaves be Children, five of the Surplus to be deemed equal to four Slaves, &c.

598 C. 79, 80. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

sioners, in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Court in which such Action or Suit shall be commenced, in Term Time, or the Judge, or any one or more ct the Judges of such Court, out of the Term, in a summary Way, to flay all Proceedings in such Action cr Suit, upon such Terms as to such Court or Judge respectively shall appear necessary to enforce the Provisions of this Act; provided that nothing done in Obedience to this Act shall alter or afreet the Right, Title, or interest of any Person whomsoever to or in any Property whatsoever, Real or rerfoivcl, or any Contract or Agreement whatsoever, further or other wise than as in this Act is expressed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties given by this Act shall be recovered by and in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, for the Lie of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be dif-poil'd of as he or they shall think fit for effectuating the Purposes of this Act, and the Party incurring such* Penalties shall remain liable to ail Demands, in respect of such Money, Securities, Property, Debts, and Krr'ects respectively, in refoect whereof any such Penalty shall be incurred as aforesaid, to which he, (he, t>r they would have been liable in case such Penalty had not been incurred.

XXXIII. Provided always, Tftat nothing contained in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent, during the present I Far, oil 'traitorous Correspond^ncewith, or Aid or A'Jijhvice being ?iven to, his Mafejlys Enemies, or in the said Act passed in this Session of Parliament, shall extend to atiect any of the Provisions controlled in this Act; and nothing in this Act contained shall extend in any Manner to alter or affect the Provisions contained in toe laid Acts, or either of them, except so far as such Provisions are exprefdy altered or affected by this Act.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

[7th July 1794.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend fevered Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa: And whereas it is expedient to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend the said Act;* be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall not be lawful for any Matter or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any British Ship qt Vessel whatever, which shall clear out from any Port of this Kingdom from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, to have on board at any one Time, or to convey, carry, bring, or transport Slaves from the Coast of Africa to any Part beyond Sea, in any such Ship or Vessel, in any greater Number than in the Proportion of five such Slaves for every three Tons of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, so far as the said Ship or Vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons, and moreover of one such Slave for every additional Ton of such Ship or Vessel over and above the said Burthen of two hundred and one 'Eons, or Male Slaves who shall exceed four Feet four Inches in Height, in any greater Number than in the Proportion of one such Male Slave to every one 'I'on of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, so far as the said Ship or Vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons, and moreover of three such Male Slaves, who shall exceed the said Height of four Feet four Inches, for every additional five Tons of such Ship or Vessel over and above the said Burthen of two hundred and one Tons; and every such Ship or Vessel shall be deemed and taken to be of lucn Tonnage or Burthen as is described and set forth in the respective Certificate of the Registry of each and every such Ship or Vessel, granted in pursuance of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation; and if any such Mailer or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel shall act contrary hereto, such Master or other Person as aforesaid Avail forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for each and every such Slave, exceeding in Number the Proportions hereinbefore limited; one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Succcilbts, and the other Moiety thereof shall go to any Person or Persons who shall first sue for the same: Provided always, That if there shall be in any such Ship or Vessel any more than two fifth Parts of the Slaves who shall be Children, and who shall not exceed four Feet four Inches in Height, then every five such Children, over and above the aforesaid Proportion of Two-fifths, shall be deemed and taken to be equal to four of the said Slaves, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Case of a Ship taking on board any Number of Slaves that shall be found shipwtecked, ot from on board any other Ship or Vessel where, by reason of Mutiny or Insurrection among the Slaves or the Crew, or by Failure of Hands, or by any actual Distress of t'ne Vessel, the Master or Commander shall be disabled from governing the Ship, or continuing the Voyage, the Proof of which shall lie upon the Matter or other Person having Charge of such Skip or Vessel lo taking on board such Slaves.

"Masters of Vessels, before they land any Slaves in the West Indies, to give in a written Declaration to " the 0 dicer of the Customs of the Burthen of the Vessel ,cjV.; and if they land Slaves contrary hereto, 45 to forfeit 500l. Officers of the Custoois to take an Account of the Slaves on board such Vessels, crV. on

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 80. 599

"Penalty of 500l. Where there is no Officer of the Customs, any Civil Officer to receive the Declaration of the Master, &c."

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person making any Declaration, by this Act authorized or required to be made, shall therein be guilty of wilful Falsehood, or if any Person shall procure or suborn any Person to become guilty of such wilful Falsehood, every such Person shall be deemed guilty of a Mifde-meanour, and shall be punished by such Fine as the Court, before whom such Offender shall have been tried and convicted, shall think fit to order or adjudge, and also by Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding, twelve nor less than three Calendar Months from the Time of such Sentence.

No Vessel to carry any Slaves, unless entered for that Purpose at clearing out, nor unless the Surgeon give Bond to keep a Journal of the Slaves during the Voyage; Journal is to be delivered to the Officer of the Customs, at the first British Port of Arrival, tf?c. Officer co deliver to the Mailer a Copy of his- Declaration, and to the Surgeon a Copy of his Journal, and transmit Duplicates to the Commissioners of the Customs. Mailers or Surgeons acting contrary hereto, to forfeit 100l. If Penalty on Mailers be not paid within fourteen Days, their Vessels may be seized and fold. On Arrival of Vessels in America or the West Indies, the Owners to give Bond for Payment of Penalties, &c. Penalties may be sued for in any Court of Vice-Admiralty in America or the West Indies, where the Offence shall have been committed, or the Cargo disposed of, or in any Court of Record at Westminster, or the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh. The upper and lower Cabin, and the Space between Decks, to be allotted to the Slaves.

If any Person take the Command of a Vessel, who is not qualified as herein directed, he and also the Owner shall forfeit 500l.

X. And whereas, by the said Act of the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and the several preceding Acts, it is enacted, that, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, it should not be lawful for any Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel to insure any Cargo of Slaves, or any Part thereof on board the same, against any Loss or Damage, save and except the Perils of the Sea, Piracy, Insurrection, or Capture by the King's Enemies, Barratry of the Master and Crew,

and Destruction by Fire; and that all and every Policy of Insurance thereafter made contrary to the said Act should be, and the same are thereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: And whereas the Owners of Ships and others concerned in the Trade to Africa, under- Handing that it was merely intended by the above-mentioned Provision of the said Act, to prescribe and specify the particular Kinds of Loss and Damage for which alone an Indemnity should thereafter be recover- able in respect to Cargoes of Slaves, and not to interfere with or vary the particular f orms of the Policies of Insurance, whereby such Insurances had been theretofore effected, have continued to make Insurances on the Perils and Dangers allowed to be insured by the said Act, in the same general Terms as are contained in the common Policies theretofore used in ether Insurances on Ships and Goods: And whereas Doubts have arisen respecting the Validity of such Insurances so made on Cargoes of Slaves, on account of the Policies whereby the same are effected, not being expressly restrained to the particular Peril and 6 Dangers which are by the said Provision of the said Act alone Cived and excepted as the Subjects of lawful Insurance For Remedy whereof, and for the more effectual Security of such Per so ns, be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said Act, or any former Act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any Insurance already made, or which hereafter shall be made, upon Ships, Slaves, Goods, and Merchandize, in the same general Terms with the Policies now commonly made use of in all other Insurances on Ships and Goods; (that is to say,) on account of their expressing to be made, against the Risks and Perils of the Seas, Men of War, Fire, Ene- mies. Pirates, Rovers, Thieves, Jettifons, Letters of Mart and Countermart, Surprisals, Takings at Sea, 44 Arrests, Refiraints, and Detainments of Kings, Princes, and People of what Nation, Condition, or Qua- lity soever, Barratry of the Master and Mariners, and of all other Perils, Loftes, and Misfortunes that have or shall come to the Detriment or Damage thereof Provided nevertheless, That under such Policies of A flu ranee so made, or to be made, no Loss or Damage shall be hereafter recoverable on account of the Mortality of Slaves by natural Death or ill Treatment, or against Loss by throwing overboard of Slaves, on any account whatsoever, or against Loss or Damage by Restraints and Detainments by Kings, Princes, People, or Inhabitants of /J)i:a, where it shall be made appear that such Loss or Damage has been occasioned through any Aggression for the Purpose of procuring Slaves, and committed by the Master of any such Ship, or by any Person or Persons commanding any Boat or Boats, or Party or Parties of Men belonging to any such Ship, or by any Person or Persons acting by the Direction of any such Master or Commander respectively.

No Vessel to be cleared out that has not a Surgeon who has passed his Examination, &c. If the Officer at the Port of Discharge shall be satisfied that there have not died on the Voyage more than two Slaves in the one hundred, he is to give Certificates to the Master and Surgeon, and on Production thereof to the Commissioners of the Customs, they are to order the Master 100l., and the Surgeon 50l. Like CertifT- cates to be given where the Mortality has not been more than three in the one hundred, which is to entitle the Master to 50l., and the Surgeon to 25l. Before any Vessel is cleared Outwards, the Master, Officers, and Mariners to execute Articles of Agreement in the Forms annexed to the Act; and no other 4< Form to be used, on Penalty of 50l. Muiter-roll to be regularly kept, on Penalty of 100l., and six Months Imprisonment,"

Penalty 0r% making f.,)rc

Declaration.

Former recited.

and nothing therein to make void Insurance* made in the same general Terms as otherlijfurances, but under them no Damages shall be recoverable in

certain cases.

6co

No Officer or Seaman to be torned over or 4ifcharged.

Commissioners of Lieutenancy may call our, *rrr», &c. the MiUtia, and appoint Officers.

Officers to have the same Rank as the Rift of the Militia. Commissions not vacated by the Relocation, Arc. «I the ComrriU fion ondar which granted.

Office's to poffefc the l»f: c Q^dfiSc*;:- ns as required by ao Geo. III. OdD. 157, for i'ommithons in Militia for Citicf which are Ci unties of themselves, Sec,

Estab iihtrent the Militia,

Times of hclJ-iag Courts of Lteuie..ancy.

Men to be chosen by Ballot. Persons liable to be baliotied for.

C. 80, 81. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Mariner, or Seaman shall be turned over or discharged upon any Pretence whatsoever, unless into his Majesty's Ships of War, or to assist a Ship in actual Distress, or upon Preferment, or under ill State of Health.

No Slops, &c, to be supplied beyond One fourth of the Monthly Wages. Regulations with regard to Officers, &c. behaving in a riotous, seditious, or mutinous Manner. Master to cause a printed Abstract of this Act, LA*. to be hung up in the most public Place in his Vessel, on Penalty of 20l. If mutinous 4< Officers, LA*. be taken into Custody in Africa or the West Indies, a Statement, upon Oath, to be lodged wAh the Governor, id c-; and if the Witnesses do not appear at the Trial, they shall incur a Penalty at the Discretion of the Court. Officers, LA*. to continue in Pay till the Vessel is cleared Inwards. Wages of Run Men to go to Greenwich Hospital, c5V. Where Offences may be tried, and Penalties sued for. Limitation of Actions. Delivery of Writs on board Vessels to be deemed legal Service. 44 Persons taking falle Oaths, to incur the Pains of Perjury, &c. This Act to continue in force till " August 1, 1795."

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for amending so much of an Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, as relates to the Militia of the City of London; and for the better ordering the same.

[7th July 1794.]

WHEREAS the Laws now in force for the Regulation of the Militia of the City of London have been found in some Respects defective: And whereas further Powers are necessary for the better ordering of the said Militia:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That his Majesty's Commissioners of Lieutenancy, that now are and hereafter shall be constituted and appointed for the City of London, shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby required to call together, arm, array, and cause to be trained and exercised, such Persons, and in such Manner, as is herein after directed, once in every Year and the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time constitute and appoint a proper Number of Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, and other Officers, qualified as herein after directed, to train, discipline, and command the Persons so to be armed and arrayed according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein after mentioned; and the Officers so appointed shall have the same Rank in the Army as the Officers of the Rest of the Militia Forces of this Kingdom.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Commission of any Officer, granted by his Majesty's said Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London, in pursuance of this Act, shall be vacated by reason of the Revocation, Expiration, or Discontinuance of such Commission by which such Commissioners were appointed.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person so to be appointed Officers of the said Militia, in pursuance of this Act, shall possess the like Qualification, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, with respect to Property, as those of the sameRank in all Cities and Towns which are Counties within themselves are directed to poflels, by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Yearcf the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia tn that Part fl/'Great Britain caihd England; and every Commissioned Officer shall take the Oaths, and make, repear, and subscribe the Declaration by the said Act required to be taken, made, repeated, and subscribed; and every Commissioned Officer shall be a Freeman of the City of London.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Private Men to be raised by virtue of this Act for the Militia of the City of London, and Liberties thereof, shall be one thousand two hundred, to be formed into two Regiment?, consisting each of eight Companies, besides a Grenadier and Light Infantry Company, of sixty Private Men to a Company: The Field Officers of each Regiment shall be one Colonel, one Lieutenant Colonel, and one Major; and there shall be one Captain, one Lieutenant, and one Ensign to each Company, except to the Grenadier and Light Infantry Companies, to each of which there shall be appointed two Lieutenants, instead of one Lieutenant and one Enlign.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required to hold a General Court of Lieutenancy for the said City on the first wednesday next after the passing of this Act, and afterwards, annually, to hold two General Courts of Lieutenancy for the said City, (that is to say,) one Court to be holden on the third Wednesday in January, and one Court on the third Wednesday in February, in every Year, for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution; and that the said Commissioners may, from Time to Time, as often as they shall lind it necessary, summon or cause to be summoned other General Courts for the like Purposes.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Private Militia Men to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be chosen by Ballot: Provided always, that such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, and the Owners or Occupiers ot Public Offices and Buildings only, shall be liable to be ballotted for to serve, or Hnd a Manor Men, but Who are or shall, be rated to the Land Tax in the Ward, Pardh, or Liberty in which they shall relide, occupy, or carry oa Trade or Business for the Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Vault, Cellar, or

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesitno quarto Georgii III. C. 81.

other Tenement, Hereditaments, Premises, or other Property, poffirflecL rented, or occupied by them, in the following Proportions; (videlicetJ Such as are rated at the Sum of fifteen Pounds, and from thence upwards to the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be liable to be'ballotted for one Man; such as are rated at the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and from thence upwards to the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be liable to be ballotted for two Men; and such as are rated at the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and from thence upwards, to be liable to be ballotted for three Men: Provided always, That no private Person or Persons flndl be liable to be ballotted for more than three Men, except Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, MyfLcrics, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, and the Owners or Occupiers of Public Offices and Buildings, who shall be liable to be ballotted for in the same Proportions as are hereinbefore directed lefpccling private Persons; and further, in the like Proportions and upwards, to the full Extent of the Sums at which they shall be rated atto the Land Tax: And the said Commissioners, at the annual Court in January, shall and are hereby required to issue Precepts to the Aide:men, Deputies, and Common Council of the several Wards of the said City and Liberties, who shall be thereby directed and empowered to make out a fair and true List in Writing of every such Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, and the Owners or Occupiers of Public Offices and Buildings, in their respective Wards, so liable as aforesaid to be ballotted for, charging and affixing the Numbers against the Names of such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, and Owners or Occupiers of Public Offices and Buildings, as may be liable (for a greater Estate than as above-mentioned) to find more than one Man; and such Lifts shall be delivered to the said Commissioners at the Court to be held on the third Wednesday in February, and Notice given to every Person or Parties inserted in such Lifts, that they will be returned at the said Court; in order that all who shall think themselves aggrieved may appeal at the said Court, after which no Appeal shall be received; and the said Commissioners shall fix the Number to be ballotted for in each Ward by the Proportion which the Numbers so returned in such Lifts bear to the whole Number of Militia Men by this Act directed to be raised, and so from Time to Time, as Circumstances shall require; and the said Commissioners shall, according to such Lifts, divide the said Wards of the said City and Liberties into two Districts or Divisions, from whence the two Regiments shall be respectively raised.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when the Number of Men to be raised in each Ward shall have been appointed, the said Commissioners shall issue Precepts to the said Aldermen, Deputies, and Common Council of the several Wards of the said City and Liberties thereof, empowering them to cause the Number of Men so appointed to be raised in their respective Wards to be chosen by Ballot out of the Lift returned for such Ward; and that every Person who shall be charged for more than one Man shall be ballotted for in Proportion to such Number as he shall be so charged with; and the said Commissioners shall appoint a Court, to be holden within three Weeks after issuing such Precepts, to receive a Return of such Persons as shall be so chosen by Ballot; and the said Aldermen, Deputies, and Common Council, shall direct the Constables, Beadles, or other Ward Officers, to give Notice in Writing to every Person so chosen by Ballot to appear at the said Court, which Notice shall be given at his or their usual Place of Abode at least six Days before such Court; and such Constable, Beadle, or other Officer shall attend the said Court, and make Return on Oath of the Days when such Notices were served; and every Person so chosen by Ballot shall upon such Notice appear, and there take the following Oath; (that is to say,)

"I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George-, and I do swear that I am a Protestant, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia of

London, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, during the Term of five

Years, for which I am inrolled, unless I shall be sooner discharged."

And every such Person shall be inrolled (in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose) to serve in the Militia of the City of London, as a Private Man, for the Space of five Years: Provided always, that no Person or Persons so chosen by Ballot to serve, or to find a Man or Men as aforesaid, shall be compellable to serve in Person, but may, according to such Proportion as he is or shall be charged by this Act, (and the Owners and Occupiers of Public Offices and Buildings, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, the Owners and Occupiers of Public Offices and Buildings, and all Persons incapacitated by Age or Infirmity, shall) find one or more fit and able Man or Men, who shall have not more than one Child born in Wedlock, and who shall relide in the said City, or within three Miles thereof, and who shall be approved by the Adjutant, or other Officer appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose; and every Substitute lb provided and approved shall be inrolled to serve in the said Militia as a Private Man for the Space of five Years, and also for such further Time as the Militia shall remain embodied, if within the Space of five Years his Majesty shall order the said Militia to be drawn out and embodied, as herein after provided; and such Substitute shall take the following Oath:

I A.B. do sincerely promise*and swear. That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty Cc A King George; and I do swear that I am a Protestant, and that will faithfully serve in the Militia of u London, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, during the Term of five " Years, or for such further Time as the Militia shall remain embodied, if within the Space of five Years

his Majesty shall order and direct the said Militia to be drawn out and embodied, unless I shall be sooner discharged."

And it shall be Lawful for any one of the said Commissioners to administer the said Oaths*

601

PropOr!tfl03 in which iubiek

to issjc l*re«<fU-ro th .1 Mermen, &c. to t». Jc-: rut Li/!* of Pvrfrns liable.

Lift> to be deli vr re \ to the Commissionjiik, and Notice to b; given to the Person a irferted therein, &c*

Comoii (lionet? to issus Precept* for chocfing by Billot »he ap-poin ed Number in each Ward, and to appoint a Court to receive Returns, Aldermen, tec, to direct Con-fiables to give Notice to the Persons chosen,

uC,

Oath to be takett

by Person* chosen j

who are to be inrolled for five Yean,

Substitutes miy be found.

Substitute* to be inrolled.

Oath to be taken by Substitutes*

One Commissioner may administer Oath

560 C. 8r. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

If fall Nurrber b'e not in rolled fresh Ballot to be taken j

as alfe-to fill up Vacancies.

Persons chosen, not being Quak--ers, and not appearing, &c» to forfeit 10l. to l»c applied in ip-oviding Sub-(Uiutcj*

Commissioners may provide 'Stibflitutes fnr Quakers refusing to do it, and levy the Expence.

Quakers may appeal to the Commissioners.

Persons not liable to be ballotted for a ficond Time but in Rotation. Persons exempted.

alderman, &c. of each Ward to be a.filTois.

If the Alderman, Sec, ne-f\;f\ to make Returns, &c. cr to a He Is the Trophy Tax, the Commissioners juay do it,

Voluntt be provi Part of Quota < Ward,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if, through Neglect, Mistake, or from any other Cause, the full Number of Men appointed to be raised in any of the said Wards shall not be duly inrolled at the Court appointed for that Purpose, the said Commissioners may, and are hereby required, immediately to issue Precepts to proceed to a fresh Ballot or Ballots, as often as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly into Execution; and that when any Militia Man or Substitute shall, before the Expiration of the Term for which he was to serve, die, or be appointed a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer in the said Militia, or be discharged in pursuance of the Sentence of a Court Martial, or otherways regularly discharged, the Vacancy shall be filled up by a frefti Ballot, in the Ward for which such Militia Man or Substitute served.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if 2ny Person or Persons chosen by Ballot, or compellable to find a Substitute or Substitutes, according to the Directions of this Act, to serve in the Militia, (not being one of the People called Quakers,) shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the Oath, and serve in the said Militia, or to provide a Substitute or Substitutes (as the Case may be) to be approved as a fore said, who shall take the Oath, and sign his or their Consent to serve as his or their Substitute or Substitutes, every such Person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, and the like Sum for every Man not so provided, for which he shall have been ballotted; which said Penalties Hull be applied, by Order of the said Commissioners, in providing Substitutes for the Persons who have paid such Penalties, and which Substitutes shall be sworn in and inrolled to serve for the same Time, and on the same Conditions, as is hereinbefore provided in the Case of Substitutes provided by Persons chosen by Ballot; and if any Surplus shall remain, the same shall be paid to the Colonel, or such Officer as he shall appoint, of the Regiment for which such Person shall serve, and be applied as Part of the Regimental Stock Purse.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person being one of the People called Quakers shall be chosen by Ballot to serve in the said Militia, or to find a Man or Men, and shall refuse or neglect to provide a Substitute or Substitutes, to be approved as aforesaid, who shall take the Oath, and subscribe his or their Consent to serve as the Substitute or Substitutes of such Quaker, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall, if they think proper, provide and hire, or cause to be provided and hired, upon as reasonable Terms as may be, a fit or proper Person or Persons for such Quaker; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized, by Warrant under their Hands and Seal, to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Quaker, such Sums of Money as shall be necessary to defray the Expences of providing and hiring such Substitute or Substitutes, rendering to such Quaker the Overplus, (if any,) after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and in case any Measures shall be used, in making Distress as aforesaid, whb h may be by such Quaker thought oppressive, it shall be lawful for such Quaker to appeal to the said Commissioners at their next Court, wno are hereby required and empowered to hear and finally determine the same.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons having been ballotted for, and served, or found a Substitute or Substitutes, or paid the Penalties for not serving or finding such Substitutes, according to the Directions of this Act, shall be liable to be ballotted for again, until by Rotation it shall Come to his Turn; and no Clergyman, or licensed Teacher of any lcparafe Congregation, and no Person serving as a Commissioned Officer in the said Militia, or who shall have served four Years therein, shall be liable to be ballotted for.

XII. And, for the better and more speedy Execution of these Premises; be it further enacted, That the Alderman, or his Deputy, and the major Part of the Common Councilmen for the Time being, in each Ward within the said City or Liberties, shall be the Assessors in their respective Wards to charge all Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, and the Owners or Occupieis of Public Offices and Buildings, liable to be ballotted for in their respective Wards as hereinbefore directed, and shall likewise be the Assessors of the Trophy Tax herein after directed to be continued to be 1 ailed and paid, and shall appoint proper Pejfons to collect the same.

XIII. And whereas it is just and reasonable that every Ward of the said City and Liberties should raise and contribute its Quota towards the said Militia, and the Trophy Tax hereafter directed to be continued c to be raised * be it therefore further enacted, That if the Alderman or Deputy, and the major Part of the Common Council of any Ward, shall refuse or neglect to make a Return of the Lifts to the said Commissioners of the Persons liable to be ballotted for in their respective Wards, or, having made such Return, shall neglect to proceed to ballot for the Number of Persons to be raised by such Ward, as hereinbefore directed, according to the Precepts issued to them for that Purpose, the said Commissioners shall and are hereby authorized to make out such Lifts, and proceed to ballot for the proper Number of Persons to be raised in such Ward, in Manner hereinbefore directed; and if the said Alderman or Deputy, and the major Part of the Common Council of any Ward, shall, in like Manner, neglect or refuse to assess and levy the Proportion of the Trophy Tax of such Ward, the said Commissioners shall and are hereby further authorized to assess, levy, and raise the Trophy Tax of such Ward, the Alderman or Deputy, and major Part of the Common Council of which shall make such Default.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Alderman or Deputy, and Common Council of any Ward aforesaid, with the Consent of the Inhabitants liable to serve or find a Substitute or Substitutes 'taken at a Wardmote to be holden for that Purpose, (for calling such Wardmote three Days previous Notice to be given, speccifying the Cause of calling the same,) shall provide and produce to the said Commissioners, at any Court appointed for the Purpose of inrolling the Militia Men of such Ward, any Volunteer or Volunteers who shall be approved, and shall be then and there sworn in and inrolled for such Term, and on such Conditions,

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 81. 603

as is herein-before provided in Cases of Substitutes produced by Persons chosen by Ballot, it shall be lawful for the said Alderman or Deputy, and Common Council, so to do; and the said Commissioners shall cause only such Number of Persons to be chosen by Ballot out of the Lift returned for such Ward as shall be then wanted to make up the whole Number to serve for the said Ward; and if the said Alderman, Deputy, or Common Council, shall give to such Volunteer or Volunteers any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eight Pounds each Man, to serve in the Militia for such Ward, it shall be lawful for such Alderman, or Deputy, and the major Part of the Common Council, to make an equal Rate upon all and every Person and Persons liable to serve or find a Substitute or Substitutes who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, possess, or enjoy any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Vault, Cellar, or other Tenement or Hereditament within the said Ward, (regard being had in making the said Rate to the Abilities of, and likewise to the Rent paid by, the said several Person or Persons,) to reimburse themselves such Sums of Money as they shall have paid to such Volunteers aforesaid; but no Person who shall have been chosen by Ballot, and shall have served, found a Substitute, or paid the Penalty for not finding a Substitute, shall be liable to pay any such Rate, un-lefsit shall be his Turn by Rotation to be ballotted for again.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may and shall appoint one proper Person to be Adjutant to each Regiment of the said Militia, and such Person, if appointed out of his Majesty's other Forces, shall, during his Service in the said Militia, preserve his Rankin the Army, in the same Manner as if he had continued in that Service; and the said Commissioners may give any such Adjutant a Commission of Lieutenant or Lnfign, although such Adjutant may not have the Qualification required by this Act for a Lieutenant or Lnfign; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on the Recommendation of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of either Regiment, to appoint the Adjutant of such Regiment to the Rank of Captain by Brevet, provided such Adjutant has served five Years in the Rank of Lieutenant, either in the Militia or in any of his Majesty's other Forces, although such Adjutant may not have the Qualification required by this Act for Captains: Provided always, that no such Appointment to the Rank of Captain shall be valid, unless in the Instrument granting the same it be specified in what Regiment or Battalion, and whether of the Militia, or of his Majesty's other Forces such Adjutant hath served in the Rank of Lieutenant, and what was or were the Date or Dates of his Commission or Commissions: Provided also, that no Adju-

tant so appointed to the Rank of Captain shall, by the Date of such Appointment as aforesaid, or otherwise, be entitled to Rank above or to command any Captain of a Company in the said Militia; nor shall, by virtue of such Appointment, be entitled to receive any greater Pay than that of a Lieutenant, together with his Pay as Adjutant.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may appoint a Quarter Master to each Regiment, and also a Regimental Clerk to each Regiment, who shall execute the Office of Pay Master: Provided always, that no Adjutant, Surgeon, Quarter-Master, or Regimental Clork shall be capable of being appointed Captain of a Company; and no Person holding a Commission of Captain of a Company shall be capable of being appointed Adjutant, Surgeon, Quarter Master, or Regimental Clerk: Provided nevertheless, that any Regimental Clerk maybe appointed Captain Lieutenant.

of

Any Sums paiJ

Volunteer?, not exceeding 81. e^ch, may be levied on ihc Wa;d.

Commissioner* may appoint an Adjutant to each Regiment, who if from 1 he Army, rray pre-feive his Ranh; and may h ;ld a Subaltern's Commission, and have Brevet Rink of Captain though not qualified, &c»

Commissioners may appoint a Quarter Master and Regimental Clerk.

No Adjutant, &c. to be appointed Captain a Company, &c.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Regimental Clerk, and Quarter Master to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall receive the usual Pay of such Offices and Appointments, or such other Allowances as the said Commissioners shall think proper and adequate to the Service; and that Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, Drum and Fife Majors, and Drummers and Filers, shall receive the same Pay as those of the Rest of the Militia Forces of this Kingdom; and the said Commissioners may make such Civil Appointments as they shall see necessary for carrying the Purposes of this Act into execution.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer who is entitled to Half Pay shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such Half Pay during the Time he shall serve as Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Regimental Clerk, Pay Master, Quarter Master, or Surgeon in the said Militia, but that the same shall never the Id's continue; and instead of the Oath directed by the Act (for puniflnn* Aiutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters) to be taken by such Officer, he shall take the following Oath:

The Pay of Adjutant?, Clc-rkf, Quarter M S;rjeaut M*j )r?. See.

Civil Appointments may be marie.

Of!ir?r< r,n Half Pav fervirp Lieu cnan s, A*r, to receive ir taking the following

c< I A.B. do swear, That I had not, between any Place or Employment Oath#

" of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, befiaes my Allowance of Half Pay, as a reduced in late Regiment of favc and except my Pay

as Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Regimental Clerk, Pay Master, Quarter Master, or Surgeon, [as the Case maybef\ for serving in the said Militia."

And the taking of the said Oath, without taking any other Oath, shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers shall be appointed to the said Proportions of Militia as follows; (that is to say,) there shall be three Serjeants, three Corporals, and two Drummers to Non m-mf* each Company, with the Addition of one Drummer to each of the Flank Companies; and such Serjeants, fionc^ Officers Corporals, and Drummers shall be new clothed, when not in actual Service, once in two Years; and all Serjeants and Corporals shall take the following Oath; (that is to say,) cWhrl ° F

I A.B.

C. 81. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1754.

u T J. V. do sincerely promise and swear, That I w:

i,v Nu.M.'nt- u King George; and I do swear, that I am a Prote niuiioi.tii <JiV «, Conn ra- [r/j r/v Case may be] in the said Militia with

th* Iaiiu, until I shall be legally discharged.'

11 be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty Protestant, and that will faithfully serve as a Serjeant or ithin the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of

C«<!onei it. \\ appoint a Sct j^act 1M<*j >r and Dr*n M jor.

Non-com traffic ned Officers and Drunvvers Jiavinsi rece'vcd Pay, compilable to frrve.

And the Colonel of each Regiment may appoint a Serjeant Major out of the Serjeants, and a Drum Major out of the Drummers; and all Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, having received any Pay as such in the said Militia, shall be deemed to be engaged and compellable to serve in the said Militia until they shall be legally discharged: Provided always, that every Serjeant, Corporal, and Drummer appointed in the said Militia, shall rcfule in the City of London, or within one Mile thereof: And provided also, that no Person who shall keep any House of Public Entertainment, or who shall sell Ale or Wine, or Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of being appointed or serving as a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, in the said Militia.

Serjeants, &r. to live within a Mile of London, and not to be Publican*.

Co-nmaniing Ofluert may oif-t barge Non-commission ed Officer*, and the Captain mav ap po:nt S jcceilers. Officer* may keep extra Drummer* as Mufuims if they defray the Expence,

Militia to be er-errifed 28 luc-ceiiive Days annually, and amenable to the Mutiny Laws,

Notice of the Time and Place of Exercise to be affixed on the Church Doors. Ten Days prior to the Annual Exercise, Lists of the Men inrolled to be sent the Colonel, &c. Adjutants, &c. subject to the Mutiny Acts, &c.

XX. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer, may be discharged by the Colonel, or by the Commanding Officer (with the Content of the Captain of the Company); and that the Captain (with the Approbation of the Commanding Officer) may appoint any proper Person in the Room or every Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer who shall die, desert, or be discharged, all which Serjeants and Corporals so appointed shall take the like Oath as is hereinbefore required to be taken by Serjeants and Corpora's-

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Colonel and other Officers of both or either Regiment of the said Militia shall be desirous of keeping up a greater Number of Drummers than two for each Company, to be employed ns Fifers or Musicians for the Use of the said Militia, and shall be willing to defray tbs Expence of such additional Drummers, it shall and may be lawful for the Colonel of each or either Regiment to engage any additional Number of Drummers to act as Fifers or Musicians in their respective Regiments; and all such Drummers so engaged to serve in the said Militia, shall be deemed as Drummers in the said Militia within the Meaning of this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be subject to the same Orders, Regulations, Penalties, and Punishments, as other Drummers of Militia are by this Act subject to, and shall continue to serve as Drummers so long as they shall receive the lame Pay and Clothing as other Drummers have, or better Clothing in lieu thereof, and no longer.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Militia, or at lead Half thereof, appointed as aforesaid, shall be trained and exercised once in every Year, for twenty-eight Days together, at such Time as shall be lead inconvenient to the Public, such Time to be appointed by the said Commissioners; and, during such Time as the said Militia shall be assembled for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, all the Clauses, Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in any Act of Parliament which shall then be in force (or the punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall be in force with respect to the said Militia; and all the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men of the same shall be subject and liable thereto in all Cases whatsoever, but so that no Punishment shall extend to Loss of Life or Limb.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That Notice of the Time and Place of Exercise of the said Militia shall be sent by the Cleric of the said Commissioners to the Ward Clerk, Beadles, or other Officers of the several Wards of the said City, with Directions to cuufe such Notice to be affixed on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels in their respective Wards; and all such Militia Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place of Exercise according to such Notice: And the said Clerk shall, ten Days at lead before the Time appointed for the Annual Exercise, transmit to the Colonel of each Regiment, (or to such Person as shall be by him appointed to receive the same,) a full and true Lift, specifying the Name, Place of Abode, and Date of Inrolment of all Persons inrolled to serve in their respective Regiments, and shall in like Adanner cause a Duplicate of such Lift to be transmitted to the Adjutant of such Regiment.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Regimental Clerk, Quarter Matter, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, Drummer, and Fifer, of the said Militia shall be at all Times subject to any Act which shall be in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to the Articles of War, under the Command "of the Colonel of the Regiment to which he belongs; and it shall be lawful for the Colonel to direct the holding of Courts Martial whenever such Regiment shall be embodied for the Purpose of Annual Exercise, for the Trial of any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer, of such Regiment, for any Offence committed during the Time such Regiment was not embodied, but so that no Punishment shall extend to the Lossof Life or Limb.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant or Corporal of the said Militia may, by Sentence of a Court Martial, be reduced to the Condition of a Private Soldier of the said Militia, to serve as such during any Time not exceeding fifteen Months, after which Time, if not regularly re-appointed to the Rank of a Non-commissioned Officer, he shall be discharged from the Service.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Arms, Accoutrements, and Clothing belonging to the said Militia, when not on Duty or embodied, shall be kept in such convenient Place as the said Commissioners shall direct; and that new Clothing shall be provided for the Private Militia Men at lead once in every five Years, when not embodied for actual Service.

Non-commissioned Officers miy be reduced to serve as Privates.

Arms when not wanted to be kept where the Commissionm shall di cO.

Private* to be cloathed oncf in five Yeirt*

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 81.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers of the said Militia shall receive the same Pay as those of the other Militia Forces of this Kingdom, and when assembled for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, the Private Men shall receive^one Shilling per Day each Man; and it shall be lawful for the Captain or Commanding Officer of every Company to put the Militia Men of his Company under Stoppages not exceeding Six-pence per Day, for the Purpose of providing them with Linen, and also with Stockings and other Necessaries, and for defraying the Expence of repairing any Arms which shall have been broken or damaged by any such Militia Man's Neglect: Provided always, that every such Captain or Commanding Officer shall account with each Militia Man for such Stoppage, and after having deducted what shall have been laid out and paid for Necessaries, and for repairing the Arms as aforesaid, shall pay the Sum remaining (if there shall be any) into the Hands of the Militia Man to whom the same belongs, before such Militia Man shall be dismissed from such Training and Exercise.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Private Men serving in the said Militia shall, when embodied for Annual Exercise, or otherwise be in actual Service within the City of London, be allowed, ip lieu of Quarters, at the Rate of one Shilling and Njne-pence for Week each Man, to provide Lodgings, in Addition to their Pay.

XXIX. And, for the better and more Ipecdy Execution of the Premises,* be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be and are hereby required to appoint one or more Treasurer or Treasurers, CJerk or Clerks, for receiving and paying such Monies as shall be levied by virtue of this Act, and of all which Receipts and Disbursements the said Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, are once in every Year to give their Accounts in Writing, and upon Oath, to the said Commissioners, which Oath the said Commissioners have Power hereby to administer.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Militia Man, Substitute, or Volunteer, being sworn in and inrolled, and every Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, and Fifer, raised by virtue of this Act, shall be subject to every Clause, Provision, Matter, and Thing contained in an Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his prefen t Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Gxz at Britain called England, as far as relates to the Penalties and Punishments of Militia men, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for not attending the Annual Exercise, for deserting during it, for not appearing when ordered to be embodied, for enlisting into the Army, or offering so to cnlifl, or enlisting into any other Militia, or for felling or pawning their Arms, Accoutrements, or Clothes, or negkbling or refusing to return them in good Order; and shall be proceeded against in Manner directed by the said Abl; and the said Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, shall be entitled to the same Bounty when ordered out into ablual Service beyond the Limits of the said City, or Liberties thereof, or when their Service shall be prolonged, as is granted by the said Abl; and every Person having served in the said Militia when drawn out into actual Service, being a married Man, may set up and exercise any Trade in any Town or Place in Great Britain, as directed by the said Abl.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this A cl, or any Thing herein contained, shall notdiminish or be prejudicial to the Rights, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions to which the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, or the Freemen, Citizens, or Inhabitants of the said City are entitled to enjoy by Prescription, Act of Parliament, Charter, or Usage; but the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and the Freemen, Citizens, and Inhabitants of the said City, shall and may continue to enjoy all and singular the said Rights, Liberties, Usages, Customs, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner as if this Act had not been made.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of ablual Invasion, or upon imminent* Danger thereof, and in all Cases of Rebellion or Insurrcblion, it shall be lawful for his Majesty (the Occasion being hrfl communicated to Parliament, if the Parliament shall be then fitting, or declared in Council, and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament shall be then fitting or in being) to order and direct the said Commissioners, with W and shall, from the Time of Their being drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, and until they shall by his Majesty's Orders be disembodied, be subjcbl and liable to all the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be then in ffirce for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and such Act shall be in force with respect to the said Militia, and shall extend to all the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Private Men in all Cases whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from the Date of his Majesty's Warrant for drawing the said Militia into ablual Service, the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men of the same shall be entitled to the same Pay as the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men of his Majesty's other Regiments of Foot receive, and no other; and if any Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man of the said Militia shall be maimed or wounded in ablual Service, he shall be equally entitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital with any Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man belonging to any of his Majesty's Forces.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, when the said Militia shall be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to put one Regiment of the said Militia under the Command of fvich General Officers as his Majesty shall be pleased to appoint, and to direct the said Regiment to be led by its respective Officers into any Parts of this Kingdom, for repelling and Prevention of any such Invasion,

605

P-y of the Militia.

Men may he put under"Stofpag«9*

AUoA'arce in litu of Quarters.

Treasurers and Clerics may be appointed.

Militia Men subject ta_a6 Geo. III. Cap. K7. as far a* re« lates to Penalties, & c.

Married Militia Men may set up in any Part of Great Britain.

Act not to prejudice the Right® of the City,

His Majesty In c.fe of Invafron, may order*-tue Militia to be embodied, ffom which Time they shall be liable to the-Mutiny Laws,

When embodied to be entitled to> the same Pay as the o'her Force*, and if maimed, to Cuellca Hospital.

His Majesty may pm one Regiment under the Command of Gener--} Offi* ccr», Sec,

6c6

Millra, when

disembo^irC, tQ he lijble only to the Orders they wer- before drawn out.

H )w th? P.iy, Arc. of the Mill' Jan. is to be defrayed.

Comm'flirn ct to vacate Srars, nor Officer liab'e tofer?c asSher.ft'. Votets not punishaMe for poinn to Election?, &c.

Colorel to return St«te of the Regiment when Called out to Annual Exercise, &c.

Personi serving in the Militia notliaMetofe re ? Peace Officers, &c.

When in actual Eerviic, an A e >t may be appointed.

33 Geo. III. Cip. g.

34. Geo. III. Cap. 47,

and 34 Geo. III. Cap. 16, t,) e*-Und to this Act.

14 Geo. II. Cap. 44, to extend to the Commissioners and AflrlT rs under this Act.

The Commissioner? rruy order the Ncn-comm'shun Offuerr, with Offtteis, 10 be put

C. 81. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.I>. X794.

and for the Suppression of any Rebellion or Tnfurrc&ion within this Realm of Great Britain, not exceeding the Distance of twelve Miles from the said Ciiy, or to the neared Place of Encampment, and the other Regiment shall remain in the City of London^ for the Defence of the said City, and the Suburbs thereof.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That when the said Militia, or Part thereof, having been so drawii out into actual Service as aforesaid. Avail be again duly disembodied, and the Officers and Private Men thereof dismissed, to return to their several Places of Abode, the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men, shall be subject to the lame Orders, Directions, and Engagements only, as they were subject to under the Provisions of this Act, before they were so drawn out into actual Service as aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That for defraying the necessary Charges of Pay, Cloth'ng, Trophies, and other incidental Expences of the said Militia, it shall be lawful for the said Commissionerb to continue to raise and levy in every Year, in Manner hereinbefore directed, the Proportion of one Month's Tax, amounting to four thouEnd six hundred and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and four Pence, which the said City hath been used to pay, by virtue of an Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Year of the Reign of his Lte'Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of the Kingdom; and in Addition thereto the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the said City shall and is hereby required to issue and pay annually, to the Treasurer appointed by the said Commissioners, so much Money as shall be necessary, in Aid of the Trophy Tax, towards the said Expence of training, exercising, paying, and keeping in Readiness, and other incidental Expences of the said Militia; and the Receipt of the said Treasurer so appointed shall be a Efficient Discharge to the said Receiver General for the Money so to be issued and paid by him.

XXXVII. And be it further emdteJ, That the Acceptance of a Commission in the said Militia shall not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament; and that no Person being an Officer of tnc said Militia shall be compelled to fcive the Office of Sheriff'.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Officer of the said Militia, or a Private Militiaman of the said Militia, shall be liable to any Penalty or Punishment for or on account of his Absence duting the Time he shall be going to vote at any Election of a Member to serve in Parliament, or during the Time he shall be returning from such Election.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel or other Commanding Offier of each Regiment shall, and is hereby required, as often as the said Regiment shall be called out to Annual Exercise as before directed, to return to the said Commissioners a true Mate of such Regiment; and in case the Colonel or Commanding Officer of either or both Regiments shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of three Months after the said Annual Exercise, so to do, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer of the said Militia, nor any Private Man from the Time of his Inrohnent until he shall be regularly discharged from the said Militia, shall be compelled to serve as a Peace Officer or Parish Officer, or to serve in any of his Majesty's Sea Forces.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Militia Avail be drawn out into actual Service, and during the Time they Audi continue in actual Service, the said Commissioners may appoint an Agent to the said Militia, and the said Commissioners shall take Security from such Agent.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That every Clause, Provision, Matter, and Thing contained in an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and 0/ Substitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, ' An Act fear amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England and also in an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this u Kingdom, and of Sulfelitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the u twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for a mendings and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England and also an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia, shall be deemed to extend to the Families of the said Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, Fifers, Substitutes, and Volunteers of the said Militia.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the rendering feujhces of the Peace more feefe in the Execution of their Office \ and for indemnifying Cotijlables and others ad. ing in Obedience to their IKarrants, shall extend to his Majesty's said Commissioners, and the Assess'ors acting in the Execution of this Act, or any other which relates to the said Militia, in like Manner, and as fully and effectually, as the same extend to Justices of the Peace acting in the Execution of their Office.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That, when the said Militia shall not be embodied according to the Provisions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, when and so often as it shall seem to them requii&tc and necessary, to order the Serjeants and Corporals of the said two Regiments, or so many as to them may seem fit, to be put in Possession of their Clothes, Arms, and Accoutrements, and7 with their proper Officers, or such Officers as they shall appoint, to be kept in constant Readiness to be put

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 81 - 83. 607

under the Orders of the Lord Mayor or other Magistrates of the said City, who shall have Power and Authority to call out the Whole, or any Part thereof, for the Suppression of Riots, or any other requisite Duty for which they may be wanted, the said Officers and Men, when so called out, to be subject to the same Penalties as are hereinbefore directed when the said Militia shall be actually embodied; and the said Commissioners may order the said Serjeants and Corporals to be inspected and exercised so often as they shall think proper and necessary.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That no Officer serving in the said Militia shall fit in any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces, other than Militia Forces; nor shall any Officer serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces, other than the Militia Forces, fit in any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Private Man serving in the said Militia.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, immediately after the passing this Act, to hold such General Courts, and to issue such Precepts for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, in like Manner as is hereinbefore directed to be done at the Annual General Courts.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Commissions heretofore granted by the said Commissioners, in Conformity to their former Powers, shall cease and become void.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, which shall exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall be recoverable by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ wherein no Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, which shall not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall, on Proof upon Oath of the Offence, before the Lord Mayor or other Magistrate of the said City, of any Justice of the Peace of the County, Liberty, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Lord Mayor, Magistrate, or other Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold; and for Want of sufficient Distress the said Lord Mayor, Magistrate, or other Justice is hereby required, in all Cases when no particular Time of Commitment is hereinbefore directed, to commit such Offender to the County Gaol where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding three Months, and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this Act, shall be paid to the Regimental Clerk of that Regiment where such Offence shall have been committed, and shall be made Part of the Public Stock of that Regiment.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if on Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

L. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

[7th July 1794.]

" 33 Geo. III. Cap. 4, recited, and continued till Jan* r, 1795, and to the End of the next Session."

under the Orders of the Magistrates, &c.

Officers of the said Militia to fr on the Trial of other Militia Officers only, and vice *et fa. After passing this Act, General Courts may be held, &c.

Commissions heretofore granted, void,

Recovery and Application of Fines,

Limitation of Actions,

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

[Public Act.]

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to explain so much of an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, as relates to the Time of presenting certain renewed Petitions, and taking the same into Consideration.

[7th 1794.]

[28 Geo. III.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Alembers to CaP*

serve in Parliament, it is enacted, that whenever any fvich Select Committee of the House of Commons,

34 Geo. III. 4 I ‘as

6o8

C. 83, 84. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

Time of presenting and hearing renewed Petitions of Persons praying to be admitted as Par-

c as is therein mentioned, shall have reported to the House their Judgment, respecting the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough, or Place, or of choosing, nominating, or appointing the Returning Officer or Returning Officers, who is or are to make Return of such Elect!ion, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, at any Time within twelve Calendar Months after the Day on which such Report shall have been made to the House, or within fourteen Days after the Day of the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament after that in which such Report shall have been made to the House, to petition the House to be admitted as Parties to oppose the Right which has been deemed valid in the Judgment of such Committee; and that when such Petition shall be so present- ed, a Day shall be appointed by the House for taking the same into Consideration, so that the Space of forty Days at the least shall always intervene between the Day of presenting such Petition and the Day appointed by the House for taking the lame into Consideration: And whereas the said Provision which directs that the said Space of forty Days shall intervene between the Day of presenting such Petition and the Day appointed by the House for taking the same into Consideration, hath been construed to extend to Petitions which are renewed in any Session or Sessions of Parliament, subsequent to that in which such Petition was originally presented to the House, which Proceeding hath been found to be inconvenient */ For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[

iies, to oppose the Right of Election reported by Committees.]

That every Petition, so renewed as aforesaid, shall be presented to the House within fourteen Days after the Day of the Commencement of any such subsequent Session or Sessions of Parliament, and not otherwise; and that whenever any such renewed Petition shall be so presented, a Day and Hour at not lets than fourteen Days Distance, shall be appointed by the House for taking the same into Consideration; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

---

[If such Petitions be not renewed, the Judgment of Committees to be final.]

II. And be it further enacted, That if any such Petition shall not, from Time to Time, and in every Session of Parliament, until the same shall be taken into Consideration, be so renewed within the Time above limited for renewing the same, the Judgment of such Committee on such Question or Questions shall be held and taken to be final and conclusive in all subsequent Elections of Members of Parliament for that Place to which the same shall relate, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for erecting a Penitentiary House or Houses for confining and employing Convicts.

[7th July 1794.]

[19 Geo. III. Cap. 74, recited.]

---

Supervisors appointed under recited Act.

Spots approved 1 r eroding Pe-nientiary House?,

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders, his Majesty is enabled to appoint Supervisors for building two Penitentiary Houses for confining and employing in Hard Labour, such Persons convicted of transportable Crimes within England or Wales, as are therein mentioned, which Supervisors should fix upon any Piece or Pieces of Ground which might be lawfully purchased under the Powers of the said Act, and the same be- ing approved of, to contract for the absolute Purchase, in Fee Simple, of the Piece or Pieces of Ground for the Purpose of eroding thereon such Penitentiary Houses, and other Buildings and Inclosures, in such Manner as therein is directed, and which Ground so to be purchased should be conveyed as therein. 4 is expressed; and that if any Corporations, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Executors, Administrators, or other Trustees, or any Person or Persons for the Time being interested in any such Piece or Pieces of Ground, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, as therein is mentioned, should, for the Space of twenty-one Days next after such Notice given, neglect or refuse to treat, or should refuse to accept such Price as should be offered by the said Supervisors, or should otherwise not agree for the Sale of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, or if by Absence or Incapacity they should be prevented from treating for such Sale, then the said Supervisors should cause the Value of such Ground to be inquired into and ascertained by 4 a Jury of indifferent Men of the County or Place wherein the *(lime should be situated; and when such Jury should have inquired of and ascertained the Value of such Ground, the said Supervisors should thereupon order that the Sum or Sums of Money which should appear to be the Value of such Ground should be paid and applied in Manner therein directed, which Verdict or Inquisition should be final; and his Majesty is thereby authorized to nominate three Gentlemen, or other creditable or substantial Persons, as a Committee to superintend the said Houses, and otherwise to carry the said Act into Execution: And whereas, in pursuance of the said Act, his Majesty did, on the second Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, appoint Sir Gilbert Elliot Baronet, Sir Thomas Charles Bunhury Baronet, and Thomas Bowdler Dod!or of iffiyfic, Supervisors of the Buildings to be erected pursuant to the said Act, and that the said Supervisors having made flrid! Examination of the most eligible Spots in the Neighbourhood of London, and particularly on the Banks of the River Thames, whereon to erect such Penitentiary Houses as aforesaid, having spent some "Lime in that inquiry, reported to the Lord Chancellor, and the other Persons mentioned in the said Act, according to the Directions of the said Acts, two Spots in the Neighbourhood of each other, namely, Wandsworth Field for the Penitentiary House for Males, and Battnjea Rije for the Penitentiary House for Females, who, by their Opinions on the twenty-eighth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, thought proper to reject the Spot in Wandsworth Field, and to approve the Spot at Batterjeu Rijey as proper for the erecting Penitentiary Houses for

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 84. 609

both Males and Females: And whereas, in pursuance of the said Act, the Supervisors entered into a Treaty with the Proprietors of the said Grounds, and made an Offer of a Sum of Money for the Purchase thereof, which being refused, a Special Jury of the County of Surrey was summoned and impannelled Ja!7 Impannell 4 according to the Directions of the said Act, upon, the tenth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and being duly sworn, and charged to inquire into and ascertain the Value of the said 10 0 a UCt

Piece of Ground, by the Names and Descriptions of all that Piece or Parcel of Garden Ground, in the

Occupation of Henry Brown, containing by Admeasurement seven Acres three Roods and fix Perches* Particulars of be the same more or less, and bounded on the North by Lands in the Occupation of Robert Moseley, and the Premises*

c other Lands in the Occupation of Thomas Rhodes, and on the East, on Part by a Road leading out of the Road from London to Wandsworth, to and from Battersea, and in other Part on Lands and Buildings in the Occupation of Robert Death, and on the South, by the Turnpike Road leading from London to Wandsworth aforesaid, and on the West, by Lands in the Occupation of the said Robert MoJelcy \ and also of all that Piece or Parcel of Garden Ground in the Occupation of the said Robert Moseley, containing by Admeasurement nineteen Acres and eighteen Perches, be the same more or less, and bounded on the North by Lands in the Occupation of the said Thomas Rhodes, and on other Part, by Lands in the Occupation of the said Henry Brown, on the South, on Part by Lands in the Occupation of the said Henry Brown, and by the Turnpike Road leading from London to Wandsworth, and on the West, on Part by the said Road leading out of the said Road from London to Wandsworth, to and from Battersea,

and on other Parts thereof, by the several Gardens belonging and adjoining to four several Cottages or Tenements now in the several Occupations of William Cripps, William Bradford, William Newman,

James Mcredeth, and Robert Jones; and also of all that other Piece or Parcel of Garden Ground in the Occupation of Elizabeth Wood, containing by Admeasurement eighteen Acres and eight Perches, be the same more or less, bounded on the North by Lands in the Occupation of the said Robert Moseley, on the East: by Lands in the Occupation of Edward Wellers and the said Thomas Rhodes, on the South by Lands in the Occupation of the said Robert Moseley, and on the West by the said Road leading to and from Battersea-, and also of all those three Pieces or Parcels of Meadow and Pasture Ground in the Occupation of the said Edward Wellers, containing together by Admeasurement seven Acres two Roods and fourteen Perches, be the same more or less, bounded on the West in Part by Lands in the Occupation of the said Robert Moseley, on the North and North East: in Part by the said Road leading to and from Battersea, and in other Parts thereof by a Common Field called Brumlands, in the Occupation of Fears and others, on the East by the said Road leading to and from Battersea, on the South by Lands in the Occupation of the said Thomas Rhodes and Elizabeth Wood, and on the West by Lands in the Occupation of the said Robert Moseley and Elizabeth Wood-, and also of all those three other Pieces or Parcels of Meadow and Pasture Ground in the Occupation of the said Thomas Rhodes, containing together by Admeasurement seven Acres three Roods and eleven Perches, be the same more or less, bounded on the North by Lands in the Occupation of the said Edward Wellers, on the East by the said Road leading to and from Battersea, on the South by Lands in the Occupation of the said Henry Brown, and on the West by Lands in the Occupation of the said Robert Moseley and Elizabeth Wood, and also of all those four Pieces or Parcels of Garden Ground, Meadow, and Pasture in the Occupation of the said Robert Moseley, containing together by Admeasurement eighteen Acres three Roods and twenty-three Perches, be the same more or less, bounded on the South by Lands in the Occupation of the said Elizabeth Wood, on the West and North by the said Road leading to and from Battersea near York Place, and on the East by Lands in the Occupation of Ann West, Widow, and the said Edward Wellers; all which said several Pieces or Parcels of Garden Ground, Meadow, and Pasture adjoin to each other, and do contain in the Whole,

by Admeasurement, seventy-nine Acres and one Rood, and are situate, lying, and being in ther Parish of Battersea aforesaid, in the said County of Surrey, and of all Houses, Outhouses, Ways, Paths, Passages,

Timber Trees, Woods, Underwoods, Waters, Watercourses, and all other Rights, Members, and Ap- purtenances thereunto belonging; assisted the Value of the same at the Sum of six thousand six hundred 6 Pounds, which Verdict and Assessment now remains of Record: And whereas Penitentiary Houses Verdia £the for England and Wales have nfrt been erected in pursuance of the said recited Act, and it will Jury.

be of great public Utility that a Penitentiary House or Penitentiary Houses should be built for the particular Purpose of confining transportable and other Convicts within the same May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King'9 most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to Treasurer may and for the said Lord fligh Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and lie and fix upon Ground, they is or are hereby required, as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently may be, to fix upon the conJ^pr. said Piece or Pieces of Ground hereinbefore described, or upon any other as convenient and proper Spot "^"7 Koufrs of Ground, which may be lawfully purchased under the Powers of this Act, and which shall be situated appoint Feeff's within any of the respective Counties in the said Act mentioned, upon which shall be erected one or more to treat for the Penitentiary House or Houses, for the Purpose of confining and employing in Hard Labour such Convidfc Gioun^&c. as shall be removed thither by Order of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under the Powers herein mentioned; and to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the erecting and building one or more Penitentiary House or Houses on the said Piece or Pieces of Ground before described, or upon such other Piece of Ground as shall be appropriated for that Purpose, in such Manner, and under and for such Considerations, Terms, Conditions, Powers, Limitations, and Restrictions as the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, shall deem necessary and expedient j and shall cause to be inserted in such

6io C. 84. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III.

/x. U. I

Feoffees to be a Corporation,&c.

Copter of Centrals to be laid before Parliament, &c.

His Majesty may appoint Governors of Penitentiary Houses,

Corporations, &r. may convey Land,

PiKcbaf* \*oncy to be poi i into the Bank, and laid out in other Purch&ies, dec.

Contract or Contracts such lawful Clauses, Covenants, and Agreements as shall be requisite to enforce the Execution of the same accordingly, and within a Time to be therein limited; and may also, if be or they shall think fit, appoint a proper Person or Persons to superintend the Ereilion of such House or Houses, and the due Performance of such Contract or Contrails as shall be entered into touching the same, with such Powers as the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, shall judge proper; and the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, shall also appoint a Feoffee or Feoffees to treat for the absolute Purchase in Fee Simple, and to accept a Conveyance of such Piece or Pieces of Ground whereon the said Penitentiary House or Houses shall be intended to be built, and from Time to Time to appoint others in the Stead of those who shall die or relign; and that when and so soon as such Piece or Pieces of Ground shall be fixed upon and approved by the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, and such Feoffee or Feoffees shall be appointed, the Inheritance in Fee Simple of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, with the Appurtenances, shall be veiled in, and shall be conveyed and assured to such Feoffee or Feoffees, to the Use of such Feoffee or Feoffees, and his or their Successors for ever; and the said Feoffee or Feoffees for the Time being is and are hereby made and declared to be a.Corporation Sole, or a Corporation Aggregate, as the Case shall happen to be, for the special Purpose of being capable to take and hold in perpetual Succession such Piece or Pieces of Ground, with all Buildings and Erections thereon, and other the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or to belong, for the Use and Purposes of this Act; and shall and may sue and be sued by the Name of The Feoffee or Feoffees) of the Penitentiary House (or Penitentiary Houses) in the Parish of in the County of [as

the Case may be], he or they paying to the several Persons therein such Sum and Sums of Money as by this Act is directed to be paid for the same.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a Copy of such Contrail or Contrails, as shall be entered into in pursuance of this Act, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within thirty Days after executing the same, if Parliament shall be then fitting, and if Parliament shall not be then fitting, within fourteen Days after the first Meeting of Parliament next ensuing, and all Expences attending the Execution of this Act shall be defrayed in such Manner as shall and may be agreed upon and expressed in such Contrail or Contrails; or in case the same shall not be so agreed upon, then the same, or such Part thereof as shall be necessary, shall be defrayed by the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and in such Case shall be laid before, and annually provided for by Parliament, or otherwise as Parliament shall direct.

III. And be it further enacted, That when the said Penitentiary House or Houses shall be erected in pursuance of, and acceding to, such Contrail or Contrails as aforesaid, or sooner, if Occasion shall require, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, by an Order, in Writing, to be notified by the Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, to appoint one or more fit and discreet Person or Persons to be Governor or Governors of the said Penitentiary House or Houses, to continue in such Office or Offices respectively, for such Time, and under such Conditions, as his Majesty shall direct, who, being so appointed thereunto, shall have the Care, Management, Superintendance, and Control of the same, and of all and every Offender and Offenders who shall be delivered unto his or their Custody, by the Direction of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under such Powers, Directions, Limitations, and Restrictions as are contained in an Ail, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain cases, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, or under such other Directions, Limitations, and Restrictions as his Majesty shall, under the Powers of the said Ail, from Time to Time, appoint.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Ecclesiastical, Civil, or Eleemosynary, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Executors, and all Trustees, not only on Behalf of themselves, but also on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons under any Disability whatsoever, and also for all other Persons who are or shall be seised or possessed of, and interested in, such Piece or Pieces of Ground, or any Part thereof, on which the said Penitentiary House or Penitentiary Houses shall be to be erected in pursuance of this Act, to convey and assure such Piece or Pieces of Ground, with the Appurtenances, unto such Person or Persons as shall be appointed Feoffee or Feoffees of the said Penitentiary House or Houses to be erected according to the Directions of this Act; and all such Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances shall be binding and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Laws, Statutes, U(age, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and all Corporations and Persons so conveying and assuring, are hereby indemnified for what they shall respectively so do by virtue of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Purchase Money for such Piece or Pieces of Ground to be paid in pursuance of this Act, and also the Compensation to be made to any Tithe Owner or Owners in respect thereof, shall be paid by such Person or Persons as shall be appointed Feoffee or Feoffees as aforesaid, into the Bank of England, with the Privity of the Accountant General of his said Majesty's High Court of Chancery, to the Credit of the several Vendors of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, or Persons interested therein; and the said several Vendors and other Persons interested as aforesaid shall, as soon as conveniently may be, lay out such Purchase Money and Compensation respectively in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Fee Simple, to be conveyed to such Uses, and to and for such Person and Persons, and for such Estate and Estates, and to, for, upon, and subject to such Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies as the Lands or Grounds for or in respeil whereof such Purchase Money shall be paid as aforesaid, shall be limited, settled, and allured at the Time such Conveyance and Assurance

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 84. 611

shall be made in Manner aforesaid, or such as shall be then capable of taking Effect; the Charges of such Conveyances and Settlements to be paid in the same Manner as the Expence of building on such Ground; and in the mean Time, until such Purchase or Purchases shall be made, such Money shall be laid out by such Corporations or other Persons for the Time being interested therein, in some Government Securities, in the Names of two Persons, one to be nominated by the Party or Parties for the Time being interested therein, and the other by the Feoffee or Feoffees aforesaid, and the Interest arising from such Securities shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, or Tithes in case such Ground had not been fold, or would for the Time being be entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be purchefed, in case the same were purchased and settled as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, previous to the erecting and building any Penitentiary House or If the Ground Penitentiary Houses, in case the same shall be intended to be built on the said Piece or Pieces of Ground before mentioned hereinbefore described and situate within the Parish of Battersea aforesaid, and the Owners and Proprietors ^afedd^ Vaiue interested in such Piece or Pieces of Ground, or any of them, shall be dissatisfied with the Price at which the a further0 SuamUe, same was estimated and afieffed in pursuance of the said recited Act as aforesaid, and shall give Notice in may be paid by Writing to the Feoffee or Feoffees appointed by virtue of this Act, within one Calendar Month after Notice the Feoffe.s, given that the said Piece or Pieces of Ground hath or have been fixed upon as hereinbefore mentioned, that the said Piece of Ground hath increased in Value since the Assessment thereof was made by virtue of the said recited Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Feoffee or Feoffees to pay into the said Bank of England, with such Privity as aforesaid, such further Sum of Money as shall be agreed upon in that Behalf; or in case no such Agreement shall be made, then to pay into the said Bank of England {\ich Sum of Money as such Feoffee or Feoffees shall think a fit and reasonable Price to be given for such Increase in Value; and ifo*herLand that in like Manner, in case any other Piece or Pieces of Ground shall be appropriated in pursuance of this ^rFeoffeel^mav Act for the Purpose of erecting such Penitentiary House or Houses thereon, it shall and may he lawful to and pay to^h^Bank for such Feoffee and Feoffees to pay into the Bank of England, with such Privity as aforesaid, the Price the Price agreed, agreed upon to be paid for the same, or, in Default of such Agreement, to pay into the said Bank of England &c. such Sum of Money as such Feoffee or Feoffees shall think a fit and reasonable Price to be paid for the same; and in each Case the said Feoffee or Feoffees shall also make or tender such Compensation, Recompence, or Recompenceto Satisfaction in Money, or otherwise, to the Tithe Owner or Owners, and also to the several Occupiers who shall be Tenants for Life or Lives, or for Terms of Years, or Tenants from Year to Year, or at Will, of Thants for such Piece or Pieces of Ground on which the said Penitentiary House or Penitentiary Houses are so intended Life, &c* to be erected as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, in respect of their several Rights and Interests of and in the said Premises respectively, as such Feoffee or Feoffees shall in his or their Discretion think fit, which Compensation shall be made to them respectively, over and above the Price to be paid to the Owners and Proprietors as aforesaid; and that if the Owners or Proprietors aforesaid shall not agree with the said Feoffee or Feoffees In of Dlfa* for such Price as aforesaid, or shall not, within the Period of twenty-one Days after Notice in Writing of beVcer-such Payment, agree to accept such Price as shall be paid into the Bank of England by the said Feoffee or certained by a Feoffees, or if any such Tithe Owner or Owners, Tenants for Years, or Tenants from Year, to Year, or jury, at Will, upon Notice to him, her, or them, given or left in Writing at the House or Houses or other Place or Places of Abode of such Persons respectively, or fixed on some conspicuous Place on the Premises to be conveyed, which shall be in his, her, or th'eir respective Occupations, or on the Parish Church where the same Premises shall be situate, shall, for the Space of twenty-one Days next after such Notice given, left, or fixed, neglect or refuse to accept such Price as shall be offered by the said Feoffee or Feoffees for their respective Rights and Interests in such Premises, then, and in such Cases respectively, the said Feoffee or Feof-' fees shall cause the Values of all such Rights and Interests in respect whereof any such Controversy or Dispute shall have arisen to be respectively inquired into and ascertained by a Jury or Juries of indifferent Men in the County in which such Lands shall be situate; and to that End shall summon and call before such Jury or Juries, and examine upon Oath (which Oath such Feoffee, or any one or more of such Feoffees, is and are hereby empowered to administer) any Person or Persons whomsoever; and such Feoffee or Feoffees shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all Ways and Means for the Information of such Jury or Juries in the Premises; and when such Jury or Juries shall have inquired of and ascertained the several Matters aforesaid, the said Feoffee or Feoffees shall thereupon pay, in Manner herein directed, the respective Sums of Money which shall so appear to be payable, as well to such Owners or Proprietors of such Lands or Tithes in respect of such Value, or Increase in Value as aforesaid, as to such Occupiers or Tenants in respect of their Interests in the Premises; which Sums of Money due and payable to the Occupiers or Tenants respectively, shall be paid to such Occupiers or Tenants respectively, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and which Verdicts or Inquisitions shall be respectively filed of Record by the Clerk of the Peace of the County wherein the Lands so to be appropriated shall be situate, and shall be final and con- fineaJ#an elusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever against all and every the said Owners or Proprietors, and Occupiers and Tenants respectively, their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever.

VII. And, for summoning and returning such Juries, be it further enacted, That such Feoffee or Feoffees Feoffees may H-may issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County wherein such Lands shall be situate, re- sue 'Varr"QCfc to quiring him to impanne), summon, and return an indifferent Jury or indifferent Juries, each confiding of ReturnVusiM twenty-four Persons qualified to serve upon Juries, to appear before the said Feoffee or Feoffees, at such &curn Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, or his Depu/y or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impamiel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly,

612 C. 84. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

and out of the Persons so summoned, impannelled, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Feoffee or b cotuts shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to draw by Bailor, and to iwear, or cause to be sworn, twelve Men upon each such Jury; and in Default of a fudieient Number of Jurymen l'o returned, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall take lech other honest and indifferent Men of the Bye-Banders, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to make up the Number of twelve upon each such Jury; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful mav tm- Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Feoffee or Feoffees

n' Fincs or shall have Bower, from Time to Time, to impose and levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels

cf Every Offender, by Warrant under his or their Hands or Seals, a Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury or Juries, and who shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn, shall refuse to give, or shall not give a Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein, and also on any Persons who, being summoned and required to give Evidence before the said Jury or Juries, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or to give Evidence, so that no such Fine be more than ten Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, on any one Person for one Offence.

Rv whomr*-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict for more 0'»nce* of Jones ftjoney, as the Amount of such Value or Increase in Value as aforesaid, than what shall have been paid into cu c borne* the Bank of England for the li fe of the said Owners or Proprietors, or shall give in and deliver a Verdict for more Money, as the Values of the Right and interest of such Tithe Owners, Occupiers, or Tenants respectively in the said Ground and Premises, than what shall have been offered for the Purchase thereof, the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall, in each Case in which such greater Sum of Money shall be given in by such jury, be borne and paid by the said Feoffee or Feoffees; but if such Jury shall in either or both of the said Cases give in and deliver a Verdict or Verdicts respectively for no mctie or for Id's Money than the Money which shall have been respectively paid in or offered by such Feoffee or Feoffees, then the Costs and Expences attending such Verdict or Verdicts, wherein no more or Ids Money, shall be given in than as aforesaid, together with the Costs of the Witnesses respectively summoned therein, shall be bome and paid by the respective Persons who gave Occasion to such Controversy or Dispute in which such Verdict or Verdicts, for such finaller Sum or Sums of Money, was or were given in as aforesaid.

On Payment of Purchase Mo-

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Money so ordered to be paid as a Compensation or Recompence to such Occupiers, being Tenants for Terms of Years, or Tenants from Year to Year, or ttev, &c. Ground at Will respectively, for his and their Right and Interest, or Rights and Interests in the said Ground and Pre-uoLT cn‘ered miles, or upon Refusal to receive the same, leaving the same in the Hands of the Clerk of the Peace of the A " County wherein the Premises shall be situate, for the Use of the Persons or Parties entitled thereto, and upon

Payment into the said Bank of England of the Money by the said Feoffee or Feoffees for the Purchase of the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, or such Price in respect thereof as shall be afiefled by such Jury or Juries by virtue of this Act, to and for the Use of the Persons or Parties entitled thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Feoffee or Feoffees, his or their Workmen or Agents, to enter upon and take Possession of the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, and every Part thereof, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and thereupon all such Persons and Parties as aforesaid. Owners, Occupiers, and Tenants respectively, shall be divested of all Right and Title, Possession and Claim of or to the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, and every Part thereof.

---

[Act not to extend to Houses, &c.]

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to compel the Sale of any Ground with a House or other Building bona fide intended for the Purposes of Habitation upon it, or of any Park, Paddock, Orchard, or other Ground inclosed for the immediate Convenience of any House or of the Offices belonging thereto, or any Ground improved as Pleasure Ground, or planted with Wood, or any inclosed Ground immediately adjoining to any House, Park, Paddock, Garden, Orchard, Yard, or Pleasure Ground, and occupied therewith, or any Ground between any House and any Park, Paddock, Yard, Offices, Garden, Orchard, or Pleasure Ground belonging to such House and occupied therewith.

[Limitation of Actions.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and tried in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere;

[General Issue.]

and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time so limited for bringing the same, or in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer, or otherwise, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

[Treble Costs.]

the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Security for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 85 - 95. 613

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to remove certain Difficulties in the Execution of the Powers vested in the Commissioners appointed by two Acts, passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the River Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, so far as the same relate to the Navigation between Peterborough and Thrapston Bridge.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with certain Rail Ways and Stone Roads, from several Collieries, in the County of Somerset, to communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon Canal, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for extending and improving the Birmingham Canal Navigations.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Alkmond, in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for paving the Footways in the Town of Abingdon in the County of Berks; for better cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town; for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and for otherwise improving the said Town.

CAP. XC.

An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the River Kenneth at or near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described.

CAP. XCI.

An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of two Acts made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or a sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold within the Town of Borrowstounness, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow; and for extending the same over the Parish of Borrowstounness; for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XCII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Wisbech River, at or near a Place called the Old Sluice, in the Town of Wisbech in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge to join the River Nene in the Parish of Outwell, in the said Isle of Ely, and in the County of Norfolk, and for improving and maintaining the Navigation of the said River from Outwell Church to Salters Load Sluice.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal, at or near Marston Bridge, in the Parish of Bedworth, in the County of Warwick, to a certain Close in the Parish of Ashby de la Zouch in the County of Leicester, and for continuing the same from thence in one Line to the Lime-works at Ticknall in the County of Derby, and in another Line to the Limeworks at Cloudhill in the said County of Leicester, with certain Cuts or Branches from the said Canal.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to complete the said Navigation, and to vary the Line thereof, and to raise a further Sum of Money for those Purposes; and for making a Navigable Branch, therein described, from the intended new Line of the said Canal.

CAP. XCV.

An Act to alter and amend an Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Trent; and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said River, in

614 C. 96 - 104. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

the Parish of Beeston, to join the Nottingham Canal, in the Parish of Lenton, in the County of Nottingham, and also certain Cuts on the Side of the said River.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other public Passages and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces of Ground in the Parishes of Saint Pancras, Saint George the Martyr, and Saint George Bloomsbury, or some or one of them, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, commonly called The Foundling Hospital.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act for building a new Shire Hall for the County of Stafford.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act for the better Relief, Regulation, and Employment of the Poor within the Town of Bedford in the County of Bedford.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving, and maintaining the Harbour of Ayr; for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers; for erecting Docks, Breasts, Jettees, and Piers; and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels trading into and going out of the said Harbour; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. C.

An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, and for regulating the Statute Labour within the same; and for repairing several other Roads in the said County, and for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, near Finhaven.

CAP. CI.

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant, in Fee Simple, certain Estates vested in him by reason of the Attainders of the Persons therein named, to the Defendants of such attainted Persons.

[23d May 1794.]

[His Majesty is empowered to grant to the Earl of Newburgh the Manor of Hambell in Northumberland; and to Thomas Giffard Esq. the Moiety of Stumplewood Colliery in the same County.]

CAP. CII.

An Act for improving the Outfal of the River Welland, in the County of Lincoln, and for the better Drainage of the Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Marshes, discharging their Waters through the same into the Sea; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Welland by means of a new Cut, to commence below a certain Place called The Reservoir, and to be carried from thence through the enclosed Marshes, and open Salt Marshes, into Wyberton Roads, between the Port of Boston and a Place called the Scalp; and for disposing of the Bare or White Sands adjoining to the said River; and for building a Bridge over the said Cut.

CAP. CIII.

An Act for amending and altering certain Acts of Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford.

CAP. CIV.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the town of Cambridge, for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages within the said Town.

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 105 - 112. 615

CAP. CV.

An Act for building a new Bridge over the River Parrett, within the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing, maintaining, and extending the Quays in the Port of Bridgewater aforesaid; for abolishing the ancient and accustomed Duties, and for imposing certain new Duties at the Port of Bridgewater aforesaid instead thereof; for regulating the Moorings and Stations of Ships and Vessels in the said Port; and for imposing a certain Toll on Horses, Carriages, and Cattle.

CAP. CVI.

An Act for paving, and otherwise improving, the Town of Abergavenny, and the Limits thereof, in the County of Monmouth.

CAP. CVII.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, in the County of Stafford, and for enlarging the Cemetery or Burial Ground belonging thereto.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for regulating the Manner of stocking and using the Marsh Common, otherwise Salt Marsh, in the Parish of Almondsbury, in the County of Gloucester.

CAP. CIX.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Swansea in the County of Glamorgan, into the Parish of Ystradgunlais in the County of Brecon.

CAP. CX.

An Act for embanking, and otherwise fencing from the Sea, the Lands on the Sea Coasts of the Parish of Abergele in the County of Denbigh, and Rhydlan Marsh, in the several Parishes of Abergele aforesaid, and of Saint Asaph and Rhydlan, and the Franchise of Rhydlan in the County of Flint, and sundry other Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the said Parish of Rhydlan, and in the several Parishes of Diserth and Meliden in the said County of Flint; and to cut and make in or through the same, or some Part thereof, one or more Aqueducts, or other Watercourses and Drains; and to enclose, divide, and sell, competent Parts of the said several Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, to defray the Expences of the said Works; and to raise a Fund for the future Repair and Preservation thereof.

CAP. CXI.

An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish of Saint Stephen in the City of Bristol, for the Time being, and the Feoffees of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments belonging to the same Parish, to sell and re-convey to the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, a certain Plot of Ground, situate within and belonging to the said Parish; and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale, and certain other Monies, to the Purposes of an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making commodious Ways and Passages within the Parish of Saint Stephen in the City of Bristol, and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish.

CAP. CXII.

An Act for better regulating the Harbour of Dover in the County of Kent.

[Index removed.]

